
===== PDF PAGE 1 =====
 
 
 
 
Date: September 01, 2025 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Notice of Twelfth Annual General Meeting and Annual Report for the financial  
 year 2024-25. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 34(1) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, Notice of 12th Annual General Meeting and Annual Report of the Company, 
for the financial year 2024-25 are being sent through electronic mode to all the members whose 
e-mail address is registered with the Company / Company's Registrar and Transfer Agent / 
Depository Participants / Depositories. 
 
Notice and Annual Report are attached and the same are also available on the  Company’s 
website at: 
 
Notice https://Aurum_PropTech_Limited_Noticeof12thAGM.pdf    
Annual Report https://Aurum_Prop_Tech_Limited_AR_2024_25.pdf  
 
Further, pursuant to Regulation 36(1)(b) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, a letter providing the 
web-link of the Annual Report, being sent to those members who have not registered their 
e-mail addres s and available on the Company’s website  on 
https://www.aurumproptech.in/investor/shareholder-information. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
 
Sonia Jain 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl. as above 
 
To, 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai-400 001 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 539289 
 
 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Bandra Kurla Complex  
Bandra East 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
NSE Symbol: AURUM 
===== PDF PAGE 2 =====
Notice of Twelfth Annual General Meeting
NOTICE is hereby given that 12th Annual General Meeting 
(“AGM”) of the members of AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED 
is scheduled to be held on Tuesday, September 23, 2025 
at 2:00 P.M. through Video Conferencing (“VC”)/Other 
Audio Visual Means (“OAVM”), to transact the following 
business:
ORDINARY BUSINESS
1. Adoption of Financial Statements 
  To consider, approve and adopt (a) the audited 
standalone financial statement of the Company 
for the financial year ended March 31, 2025 and 
the reports of the Board of Directors and Auditors 
thereon; and (b) the audited consolidated financial 
statement of the Company for the financial year 
ended March 31, 2025 and the report of Auditors 
thereon and in this regard, to consider and if 
thought fit, to pass the following resolutions as an 
Ordinary Resolution:
 a.   “ RESOLVED THAT the audited (Standalone) 
financial statements of the Company for 
the financial year ended on March 31, 2025, 
and the reports of the Board of Directors and 
Auditors thereon, as circulated to the members 
be and are hereby considered and adopted. ”
 b.   “ RESOLVED THAT the audited (Consolidated)
financial statements of the Company for 
the financial year ended on March 31, 2025, 
and the reports of the Board of Directors and 
Auditors thereon, as circulated to the members 
be and are hereby considered and adopted. ”
2. Retirement by Rotation
  To appoint Mr. Ramashrya Yadav (DIN: 00145051), 
Non-Executive Director, who retires by rotation, and 
being eligible, offers himself for re-appointment 
as a director and if thought fit, to approve with or 
without modification(s), the following resolution as 
an Ordinary Resolution:
  “RESOLVED THAT in accordance with the provisions 
of Section 152 and other applicable provisions of 
the Companies Act, 2013, Mr. Ramashrya Yadav 
(DIN: 00145051), Non-Executive Director of the 
Company, who retires by rotation at this meeting, 
be and is hereby appointed as a Director of the 
Company. ”
3.  Re-appointment of M/s. Kirtane & Pandit LLP (FRN: 
105215W/W100057), Chartered Accountants, as 
Statutory Auditors of the Company
   To consider and if thought fit, to approve with or 
without modification(s), the following resolution as 
an Ordinary Resolution:
  “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of 
Sections 139, 142 and other applicable provisions, 
if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the 
Rules framed thereunder as amended from time 
to time (including any statutory modification(s) 
or re-enactment thereof for the time being in 
force) and based on the recommendation of Audit 
Committee and the Board of Directors, consent 
of the members be and is hereby accorded for re-
appointment of M/s. Kirtane & Pandit LLP (FRN: 
105215W/W100057), Chartered Accountants 
(Firm Registration No. 105047W) as the Statutory 
Auditors of the Company, to hold office for a period 
of five consecutive years from the conclusion of 
the 12 th Annual General Meeting (AGM) until the 
conclusion of the 17 th AGM of the Company to be 
held for the FY 2029-30, on such remuneration 
as may be decided by the Board of Directors in 
consultation with the Statutory Auditors of the 
Company.  
  RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors 
of the Company, be and are hereby authorized 
to revise/alter/modify/amend the terms and 
conditions and/or remuneration, from time to time, 
as may be mutually agreed with the Auditors, during 
the tenure of their appointment.
  RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Mr. Onkar Shetye, 
Executive Director,  Mr. Kunal Karan, Chief Financial 
Officer and Ms. Sonia Jain, Company Secretary, be 
and are hereby severally authorized to do all such 
acts, deeds, matters and things and to execute all 
such deeds, documents and writings as may be 
necessary, desirable or expedient in connection to 
this matter. ”
Aurum PropTech Limited 
1
===== PDF PAGE 3 =====
SPECIAL BUSINESS:
4.  Appointment of Secretarial Auditors of the 
Company
  To consider and if thought fit, to approve with or 
without modification(s), the following resolution as 
an Ordinary Resolution:
  “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of 
Section 204 and other applicable provisions, if any, 
of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 9 of the 
Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of 
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 and Regulation 
24A of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) and 
other applicable laws/statutory provisions, if any, 
as amended from time to time, and based on the 
recommendations of the Audit Committee and the 
Board of Directors, the consent of the members be 
and is hereby accorded for the appointment of M/s. 
Ainesh Jethwa & Associates, Practicing Company 
Secretaries (Peer Review Certificate No. 1727/2022) 
for a period of five consecutive years commencing 
from financial year 2025-26 till financial year 
2029-30, on such terms and conditions including 
remuneration as may be mutually agreed upon 
between the Company and the said Secretarial 
Auditor. 
  RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Mr. Onkar Shetye, 
Executive Director, Mr. Kunal Karan, Chief Financial 
Officer and Ms. Sonia Jain, Company Secretary, be 
and are hereby severally authorized to do all such 
acts, deeds, matters and things and to execute all 
such deeds, documents and writings as may be 
necessary, desirable or expedient in connection to 
this matter. ”
5.  Approval of the Material Related Party 
Transaction(s) of the Company
  To consider and if thought fit, to approve with or 
without modification(s), the following resolution as 
an Ordinary Resolution:
  “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions 
of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the rules 
framed thereunder (including any statutory 
amendment(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the 
time being in force, if any), and in terms Regulation 
23 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (Listing 
Regulations) and other applicable provisions, if 
any along with the Rules made thereunder and 
other applicable laws including any amendments, 
modifications, variations or reenactments thereof 
and the Company’s Policy on the Materiality of 
Related Party Transactions and on Dealing with 
Related Party Transactions and basis the approval 
of the Audit Committee and recommendation of the 
Board of Directors of the Company, approval of the 
Members of the Company be and is hereby accorded 
to the Board of Directors of the Company (“Board”), 
for entering into/or carrying out and/or continuing 
with existing contracts/arrangements/transactions 
or modification(s) of earlier/arrangements/
transactions or as fresh and independent 
transaction(s) or otherwise (whether individually 
or series of transaction(s) taken together or 
otherwise), with and/or continue the related 
party transaction(s)/contract(s)/arrangement(s)/ 
agreement(s) (in terms of Regulation 2(1)(zc)(i) of 
the Listing Regulations) on such material terms and 
conditions as set out in the table in the explanatory 
statement to this resolution.
  RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors 
of the Company be and are hereby authorised to do 
all such acts, deeds, matters and things as it may 
deem fit in its absolute discretion, to delegate all 
or any of its powers conferred under this resolution 
to any Director or Key Managerial Personnel or 
any officer/executive of the Company and to 
hereby authorised to execute all such agreements, 
documents, instruments and writings as deemed 
necessary, with power to alter and vary the terms 
and conditions of such contracts/arrangements/ 
transactions, settle all questions, difficulties or 
doubts that may arise in this regard. ”
6.   Approval for proposed sale of buildings/assets of 
the Company
  To consider and if thought fit, to approve with or 
without modification(s), the following resolution as 
a Special Resolution:
  “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of 
Section 180(1)(a) and other applicable provisions, 
if any, of the Companies Act, 2013, read with the 
rules framed thereunder, and Regulation 37A and 
other applicable provisions of the Securities and 
Notice (Contd.)
NOTICE
2
===== PDF PAGE 4 =====
Notice (Contd.)
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as 
amended, and subject to such other approvals, 
consents, and permissions as may be required from 
any regulatory or statutory authority, the consent 
of the Members of the Company be and is hereby 
accorded to the Board of Directors of the Company 
(hereinafter referred to as the “Board”, which 
term shall include any Committee thereof or any 
person(s) authorized by the Board), to sell, lease, 
transfer or otherwise dispose of, in whole or in part, 
the buildings/assets of the Company, namely Q5 
and Q6, situated at MNDC, MBP-1 P-136, Mahape, 
Navi Mumbai, together with all assets, rights, title, 
and interests associated therewith, at a value not 
less than the fair value determined by a registered 
valuer, and on such terms and conditions as the 
Board may deem appropriate in the best interest of 
the Company.
  “RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and 
is hereby authorized to identify the prospective 
buyer(s), negotiate and finalize the terms and 
conditions of the sale, including but not limited to 
price, timelines, and manner of sale, and to execute 
all such contracts, agreements, documents, and 
deeds and to do all such acts, deeds, matters, and 
things as may be deemed necessary or desirable 
in connection therewith, including delegation of 
authority to any Director, Committee, official, or 
such other person(s), as it may consider appropriate, 
to give effect to this resolution. ”
Aurum PropTech Limited 
3
===== PDF PAGE 5 =====
NOTES:
1.  The respective Explanatory Statements, pursuant 
to Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013, in 
respect of the business under Item Nos. 3 to 5 of 
the accompanying Notice are annexed hereto.
2.  General instructions for accessing and participating 
in the 12 th Annual General Meeting (AGM) through 
VC/OAVM Facility and voting through electronic 
means including remote e-Voting: 
 a)  Pursuant to the General Circular No. 09/2024 
dated September 19, 2024, issued by the 
Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) and 
circular issued by SEBI vide circular no. SEBI/
HO/CFD/CFDPoD-2/P/CIR/2024/133 dated 
October 3, 2024 (“SEBI Circular”) and other 
applicable circulars and notifications issued 
(including any statutory modifications or  
re-enactment thereof for the time being in 
force and as amended from time to time, 
companies are allowed to hold Annual General 
Meeting (AGM) through Video Conferencing 
(VC) or other audio visual means (OAVM), 
without the physical presence of members at 
a common venue. In accordance with the MCA 
Circulars, SEBI Circulars, applicable provisions 
of the Act read with rules made thereunder 
and the SEBI Listing Regulations, the AGM of 
the Company is being held through VC/OAVM. 
The deemed venue for the AGM shall be the 
Registered Office of the Company. 
 b)  Pursuant to the Circular No. 14/2020 dated 
April 08, 2020, issued by the Ministry of 
Corporate Affairs, the facility to appoint proxy 
to attend and cast vote for the members is 
not available for this AGM. However, the Body 
Corporates are entitled to appoint authorised 
representatives to attend the AGM through 
VC/OAVM and participate there at and cast 
their votes through e-voting.
 c)  Since the AGM is held through VC/OAVM 
facility, the road map is not annexed in the 
Notice.
  Dispatch of Annual Report through Electronic 
mode
 a.  In compliance with the Ministry of Corporate 
Affairs (MCA) Circular No. 17/2020 dated 
April 13, 2020 and Regulation 36(1)(a) of 
the Listing Regulations, Notice of the AGM 
along with the Annual Report for the 2024-
25 is being sent only through electronic 
mode to those members whose e-mail 
addresses are registered with the Company/ 
Depositories/Depository Participants. Further, 
in compliance with Regulation 36(1)(b) of the 
Listing Regulations, a letter providing the web-
link, including the exact path, where Annual 
Report for the 2024-25 is available, is being 
sent to those members whose e-mail address 
is not registered with the Company/Registrar 
and Transfer Agent/Depository Participants/
Depositories.
   Notice of the AGM and Annual Report for 
the 2024-25 will also be made available 
on the website of the Company at https://
aurumproptech.in/. The Notice can also be 
accessed from the websites of the Stock 
Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited and National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited at www.bseindia.
com and www.nseindia.com respectively and 
the website of NSDL (agency for providing 
the Remote e-Voting facility) i.e. www.evoting.
nsdl.com. 
 b.  Members who have not registered their 
e-mail address with the Company/Depository 
/Depository Participant are requested to 
register their e-mail address by clicking on the 
below link and follow the registration process 
as guided there at: https://ris.kfintech.com/
email_registration/. In case of any queries, 
members may write to einward.ris@kfintech.
com.
 c.  As the AGM is being conducted through VC/
OAVM, for the smooth conduct of proceedings 
of the AGM, Members are encouraged to send 
their questions in advance mentioning their 
name, demat account number/folio number, 
Notice (Contd.)
NOTICE
4
===== PDF PAGE 6 =====
e-mail ID, mobile number at investors@
aurumproptech.in. Questions received by 
the Company till 5:00 p.m. on Saturday, 
September 20, 2025 shall only be considered 
and responded during the AGM.
3.  The members of the Company, holding shares in 
physical form or in dematerialized form, as on the 
cut-off date being Monday, September 15, 2025 
may cast their vote through remote e-voting or 
voting at the AGM.
4.  The notice of the AGM along with the Annual Report 
for the 2024-25 will be dispatched electronically to 
the members whose names appear in the Register 
of Members/Beneficial Owners as on the record 
date (cut-off date for sending notice of the AGM 
and the Annual Report) i.e. Friday, August 29, 2025.
5.  The voting rights of members shall be in proportion 
to the number of shares held by the members as 
on the cut-off date being Monday, September 15, 
2025.
6.  A person holding shares in physical form and non-
individual shareholders who acquires shares of the 
Company and becomes member of the Company 
after dispatch of AGM Notice via e-mail and holding 
shares as of the cut-off date i.e. Monday, September 
15, 2025 may obtain the User ID and Password by 
sending a request at evoting@nsdl.com However, if 
he/she is already registered with NSDL for remote 
e-voting then he/she can use his/her existing user 
ID and password for casting the vote. If you forgot 
your password, you can reset your password 
by using the “Forgot User Details/Password” or 
“Physical User Reset Password” option available on 
www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on toll-free no. 1800 
1020 990  and  1800 22 44 30. In case of Individual 
Shareholders holding securities in demat mode 
who acquires shares of the Company and becomes 
a Member of the Company after sending of the 
Notice and holding shares as of the cut-off date 
i.e. Monday, September 15, 2025, may follow steps 
mentioned in the Notice of the AGM under “Access 
to NSDL e-Voting system”.
7 .  A person who is not a member as on the cut-off date 
should treat this Notice for information purposes 
only.
8. In the case of joint holders, the Member whose name 
appears as the first holder in the order of names as 
per the Register of Members of the Company as on 
Monday, September 15, 2025 will be entitled to vote 
at the AGM.
9. Members who have cast their votes by remote 
e-voting prior to the AGM may also attend/
participate in the AGM through VC/OAVM but shall 
not be entitled to cast their vote again.
10. M/s. Ainesh Jethwa & Associates, Practicing 
Company Secretaries (Peer Review Certificate No. 
1727/2022) has been appointed as Scrutinizer to 
scrutinize the remote e-voting process and e-voting 
at the AGM in a fair and transparent manner.
INSPECTION OF DOCUMENTS
a. The Register of Directors and Key Managerial 
Personnel and their shareholding, maintained 
under Section 170 of the Companies Act, 2013, the 
Register of Contracts or Arrangements in which the 
directors are interested, maintained under Section 
189 of the Companies Act, 2013, certificate issued 
by Statutory Auditors of the Company as required 
under the SEBI (Share Based Employee Benefits) 
Regulations, 2014 and all documents as mentioned 
in the resolutions and/or explanatory statement, 
are available for inspection through electronic 
mode, up to the date of AGM and will be available 
electronically for inspection by the Members 
before as well as during the AGM. Members seeking 
to inspect such documents can send an e-mail to 
investors@aurumproptech.in. 
b.  Members seeking any information with regard to 
Accounts or any other matter to be considered at 
AGM are requested to write to the Company on or 
before Saturday, September 20, 2025 by sending 
an e-mail at investors@aurumproptech.in.
11.  Pursuant to the provisions of Section 72 of the Act 
read with the Rules made thereunder, Members 
holding shares in single name may avail the facility 
of nomination in respect of shares held by them. 
Members holding shares in physical form may 
avail this facility by sending a nomination in the 
prescribed Form No. SH-13, to the Registrar & 
Share Transfer Agent. Members holding shares 
Notice (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited 
5
===== PDF PAGE 7 =====
in electronic form may contact their respective 
Depository Participant(s) to avail this facility.
12.  Members may note that, mandated by SEBI, 
securities of listed companies can be transferred 
only in dematerialized form with effect from, 
April 01, 2019, except in case of request received 
for transmission or transposition of securities. In 
view of this and to eliminate all risks associated 
with physical shares and for ease of portfolio 
management, members holding shares in physical 
form are requested to consider converting 
their holdings to dematerialized form. As  per 
SEBI Circular SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD-PoD/P/
CIR/2025/97 dated July 02, 2025 special window 
for re-lodgement of transfer requests of physical 
shares has been opened from July 07 2025 till 
January 06, 2026. For more information members 
are requested to contact with RTA on einward.ris@
kfintech.com.
13.  SEBI has mandated submission of Permanent 
Account Number (PAN) by every participant in 
the securities market. Members holding shares in 
dematerialized form are, therefore, requested to 
submit their PAN to their depository participants. 
Members holding shares in physical form are 
required to furnish PAN to the Registrar & Share 
Transfer Agent.
INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR ATTENDING 
THE AGM THROUGH VC/OAVM ARE AS UNDER:
1.  The Members can join the AGM in the VC/OAVM 
mode 15 minutes before and after the scheduled 
time of the commencement of the Meeting by 
following the procedure mentioned in the Notice. 
The facility of participation at the AGM through VC/
OAVM will be made available for 1000 members on 
first come first served basis. This will not include 
large Shareholders (Shareholders holding 2% 
or more shareholding), Promoters, Institutional 
Investors, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, the 
Chairpersons of the Audit Committee, Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee and Stakeholders 
Relationship Committee, Auditors etc. who are 
allowed to attend the AGM without restriction on 
account of first come first served basis.
2.  Institutional/Corporate members are encouraged 
to attend and vote at the AGM through VC/OAVM. 
Institutional/Corporate members intending to 
authorize their representatives to attend and vote 
at the AGM are required to send a certified scanned 
copy (pdf/jpeg format) of the Board Resolution/
authority letter, with the attested specimen 
signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who 
are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail 
to Ainesh Jethwa ainesh@csaineshjethwa.com with 
a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.com. 
3.  The attendance of the Members attending the AGM 
through VC/OAVM will be counted for the purpose 
of reckoning the quorum under Section 103 of the 
Companies Act, 2013.
4.  Pursuant to the provisions of Section 108 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 of the 
Companies (Management and Administration) 
Rules, 2014 (as amended) and Regulation 44 of SEBI 
(Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations 2015 (as amended) and the Circulars 
issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs dated 
April 08, 2020, April 13, 2020 and May 05, 2020 
the Company is providing facility of remote 
e-voting to its Members in respect of the business 
to be transacted at the AGM. For this purpose, 
the Company has entered into an agreement with 
National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) for 
facilitating voting through electronic means, as the 
authorized agency. The facility of casting votes by 
a member using remote e-voting system as well as 
voting on the day of the AGM will be provided by 
NSDL.
5.  Members who would like to express their views 
or ask questions during the AGM may register 
themselves as a speaker by sending their request 
from their registered e-mail address mentioning 
their name, DP ID and Client ID/folio number, PAN, 
mobile number at investors @aurumproptech.in 
from Thursday, September 18, 2025 (9:00 a.m. IST) 
to Saturday, September 20, 2025 (5:00 p.m. IST). 
Those Members who have registered themselves 
as a speaker will only be allowed to express their 
views/ask questions during the AGM. The Company 
reserves the right to restrict the number of speakers 
depending on the availability of time for the AGM. 
6.  In line with the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) 
Circular No. 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020, the Notice 
Notice (Contd.)
NOTICE
6
===== PDF PAGE 8 =====
calling the AGM has been uploaded on the website 
of the Company at https://aurumproptech.in/. The 
Notice can also be accessed from the websites of 
the Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited and National 
Stock Exchange of India Limited at www.bseindia.
com and www.nseindia.com respectively and the 
AGM Notice is also available on the website of NSDL 
(agency for providing the Remote e-Voting facility) 
i.e. www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
7 .  AGM has been convened through VC/OAVM in 
compliance with applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 read with MCA Circular No. 
14/2020 dated April 08, 2020 and MCA Circular 
No. 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020, MCA Circular No. 
20/2020 dated May 05, 2020 and MCA Circular No. 
2/2021 dated January 13, 2021, and subsequent 
circulars issued in this regard, the latest being 
09/2024 dated September 19, 2024 in relation 
to “Clarification on holding of AGM through VC/ 
OAVM, collectively referred to as “MCA   Circulars”.
8.  Member will be provided with a facility to attend 
the AGM through VC/OAVM through the NSDL 
e-Voting system. Members may access by following 
the steps mentioned above for Access to NSDL 
e-Voting system. After successful login, you can 
see link of “VC/OAVM link” placed under “Join 
General meeting” menu against company name. 
You are requested to click on VC/OAVM link placed 
under Join General Meeting menu. The link for VC/
OAVM will be available in Shareholder/Member 
login where the EVEN of Company will be displayed. 
Please note that the members who do not have the 
User ID and Password for e-Voting or have forgotten 
the User ID and Password may retrieve the same 
by following the remote e-Voting instructions 
mentioned in the notice to avoid last minute rush.
9.  Members are encouraged to join the Meeting 
through Laptops for better experience.
10.  Further Members will be required to allow Camera 
and use Internet with a good speed to avoid any 
disturbance during the meeting.
11.  Please note that Participants Connecting from 
Mobile Devices or Tablets or through Laptop 
connecting via Mobile Hotspot may experience 
Audio/Video loss due to Fluctuation in their 
respective network. It is therefore recommended to 
use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to mitigate any 
kind of aforesaid glitches.
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR REMOTE E-VOTING ARE AS UNDER:
The remote e-voting period begins on Friday, September 19, 2025 at 9:00 A.M. and ends on Monday, September 22, 
2025 at 5:00 P .M. The remote e-voting module shall be disabled by NSDL for voting thereafter. Members whose names 
appear in the Register of Members/Beneficial Owners as on the record date (cut-off date) i.e. Monday, September 15, 
2025, may cast their vote electronically. The voting right of shareholders shall be in proportion to their share in the 
paid-up equity share capital of the Company as on the cut-off date, Monday, September 15, 2025.
How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-voting system?
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are mentioned below:
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system
A  Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode
  In terms of SEBI circular dated December 09, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with 
Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and email Id in 
their demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility.
Notice (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited 
7
===== PDF PAGE 9 =====
 Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below:
Type of shareholders Login Method
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with 
NSDL.
1. For OTP based login you can click on https://eservices.nsdl.com/
SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.jsp. You will have to enter your 8-digit DP 
ID,8-digit Client Id, PAN No., Verification code and generate OTP. Enter the 
OTP received on registered email id/mobile number and click on login. After 
successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site 
wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting 
service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website 
of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining 
virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
2. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL Viz. https://
eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. On the 
e-Services home page click on the “Beneficial Owner” icon under “Login” 
which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section , this will prompt you to enter 
your existing User ID and Password. After successful authentication, you 
will be able to see e-Voting services under Value added services. Click on 
“Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services and you will be able to see 
e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. 
NSDL and you will be re-directed to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting 
your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & 
voting during the meeting.
3. If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available 
at https://eservices.nsdl.com.  Select “Register Online for IDeAS Portal ” 
or click at https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp 
4. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the 
following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal 
Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-Voting system is 
launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/
Member’ section. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID 
(i.e. your sixteen digit demat account number hold with NSDL), Password/
OTP and a Verification Code as shown on the screen. After successful 
authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein 
you can see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service 
provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL 
for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual 
meeting & voting during the meeting. 
5. Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App “NSDL 
Speede” facility by scanning the QR code mentioned below for seamless 
voting experience.
 
Notice (Contd.)
NOTICE
8
===== PDF PAGE 10 =====
Type of shareholders Login Method
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with 
CDSL
1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi/Easiest facility, can login through 
their existing user id and password. Option will be made available to reach 
e-Voting page without any further authentication. The users to login Easi/
Easiest are requested to visit CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click 
on login icon & New System Myeasi Tab and then user your existing my 
easi username & password.
2. After successful login the Easi/Easiest user will be able to see the e-Voting 
option for eligible companies where the evoting is in progress as per the 
information provided by company. On clicking the evoting option, the user 
will be able to see e-Voting page of the e-Voting service provider for casting 
your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting 
& voting during the meeting. Additionally, there is also links provided to 
access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers, so that the user can 
visit the e-Voting service providers’ website directly.
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available 
at CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on login & New System 
Myeasi Tab and then click on registration option.
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing 
Demat Account Number and PAN No. from a e-Voting link available on 
www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will authenticate the user 
by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the Demat 
Account. After successful authentication, user will be able to see the 
e-Voting option where the evoting is in progress and also able to directly 
access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers.
Individual Shareholders (holding 
securities in demat mode) 
login through their depository 
participants
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through 
your Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility. 
upon logging in, you will be able to see e-Voting option. Click on e-Voting 
option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful 
authentication, wherein you can see e-Voting feature. Click on company name 
or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting 
website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or 
joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
  Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/Password are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget 
Password option available at abovementioned website.
  Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related to login 
through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL.
Login type Helpdesk details
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with 
NSDL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL helpdesk by 
sending a request at evoting@nsdl.com or call at 022 - 4886 7000
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with 
CDSL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL helpdesk by 
sending a request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no. 
1800-21-09911
B)   Login Method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for shareholders other than Individual shareholders 
holding securities in demat mode and shareholders holding securities in physical mode.
 How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website?
 1.  Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.
com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. 
Notice (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited 
9
===== PDF PAGE 11 =====
 2.  Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under 
‘Shareholder/Member’ section.
 3.  A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and a Verification Code as 
shown on the screen.
   Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log-in at https://eservices.nsdl.com/ 
with your existing IDEAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL eservices after using your log-in credentials, click on 
e-Voting and you can proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote electronically.
 4. Your User ID details are given below:
Manner of holding shares i.e. 
Demat (NSDL or CDSL) or 
Physical
 Your User ID is:
a)  For Members who hold 
shares in demat account 
with NSDL.
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID
For example if your DP ID is IN300*** and Client ID is 12****** then your user 
ID is IN300***12******.
b)  For Members who hold 
shares in demat account 
with CDSL.
16 Digit Beneficiary ID
For example if your Beneficiary ID is 12************** then your user ID is 
12**************
c)  For Members holding shares 
in Physical Form.
EVEN Number followed by Folio Number registered with the Company
For example if folio number is 001*** and EVEN is 101456 then user ID is 
101456001***
 5.  Password details for shareholders other than 
Individual shareholders are given below: 
a) If you are already registered for e-Voting, 
then you can user your existing password 
to login and cast your vote.
b) If you are using NSDL e-Voting system 
for the first time, you will need to 
retrieve the ‘initial password’ which was 
communicated to you. Once you retrieve 
your ‘initial password’, you need to enter 
the ‘initial password’ and the system will 
force you to change your password.
c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’?
(i) If your email ID is registered in 
your demat account or with the 
Company, your ‘initial password’ is 
communicated to you on your email 
ID. Trace the email sent to you from 
NSDL from your mailbox. Open the 
email and open the attachment i.e. 
a .pdf file. Open the .pdf file. The 
password to open the .pdf file is your 
8 digit client ID for NSDL account, 
last 8 digits of client ID for CDSL 
account or folio number for shares 
held in physical form. The .pdf file 
contains your ‘User ID’ and your 
‘initial password’. 
(ii) If your email ID is not registered, 
please follow steps mentioned below 
in process for those shareholders 
whose email ids are not registered. 
 6.   If you are unable to retrieve or have not received 
the “ Initial password” or have forgotten your 
password:
a) Click on “Forgot User Details/
Password?”(If you are holding shares in 
your demat account with NSDL or CDSL) 
option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com.
b) “Physical User Reset Password?” 
(If you are holding shares in 
physical mode) option available on  
www.evoting.nsdl.com.
c) If you are still unable to get the password 
by aforesaid two options, you can send a 
Notice (Contd.)
NOTICE
10
===== PDF PAGE 12 =====
request at evoting@nsdl.com mentioning 
your demat account number/folio number, 
your PAN, your name and your registered 
address etc.
  d)  Members can also use the OTP (One Time 
Password) based login for casting the 
votes on the e-Voting system of NSDL.
 7 .  After entering your password, tick on Agree 
to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting on the 
check box.
 8. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button.
 9.  After you click on the “Login” button, Home 
page of e-Voting will open.
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically and join General 
Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system.
How to cast your vote electronically and join General 
Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system?
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able 
to see all the companies “EVEN” in which you are 
holding shares and whose voting cycle and General 
Meeting is in active status.
2. Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to 
cast your vote during the remote e-Voting period 
and casting your vote during the General Meeting. 
For joining virtual meeting, you need to click on 
“VC/OAVM” link placed under “Join Meeting”.
3. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page 
opens.
4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options 
i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify the number of 
shares for which you wish to cast your vote and click 
on “Submit” and also “Confirm” when prompted.
5. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast 
successfully” will be displayed. 
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast 
by you by clicking on the print option on the 
confirmation page.
7 . Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you 
will not be allowed to modify your vote.
General Guidelines for shareholders
1. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, 
HUF, NRI etc.) are required to send scanned copy 
(PDF/JPG Format) of the relevant Board Resolution/ 
Authority letter etc. with attested specimen 
signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who 
are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to 
Ainesh Jethwa <ainesh@csaineshjethwa.com> with 
a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.com . Institutional 
shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, 
NRI etc.) can also upload their Board Resolution/
Power of Attorney/Authority Letter etc. by clicking 
on “Upload Board Resolution/Authority Letter” 
displayed under “e-Voting” tab in their login.
2. It is strongly recommended not to share your 
password with any other person and take utmost 
care to keep your password confidential. Login 
to the e-voting website will be disabled upon 
five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct 
password. In such an event, you will need to go 
through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or 
“Physical User Reset Password?” option available 
on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.
3. CONTACT DETAILS FOR ASSISTANCE ON 
E-VOTING: 
 In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently 
Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and 
e-voting user manual for Shareholders available at 
the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or 
call on.: 022 - 4886 7000 or send a request to Sagar 
S. Gudhate, Senior Manager at evoting@nsdl.com.
Process for those shareholders whose e-mail IDs are 
not registered with the depositories for procuring 
user id and password and registration of e-mail IDs for 
e-voting for the resolutions set out in this notice:
1. In case shares are held in physical mode please 
provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned 
copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN 
(self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR 
(self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by 
email to investors@aurumproptech.in. 
2. In case shares are held in demat mode, please 
provide DPID-CLID (16-digit DPID + CLID or 16 
digit beneficiary ID), Name, client master or copy 
Notice (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited 
11
===== PDF PAGE 13 =====
of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self-
attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR 
(self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) 
to investors@aurumproptech.in. If you are an 
Individual shareholder holding securities in demat 
mode, you are requested to refer to the login 
method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for 
e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode.
3. Alternatively shareholder/members may send a 
request to evoting@nsdl.com for procuring user 
id and password for e-voting by providing above 
mentioned documents. 
4. In terms of SEBI circular dated December 09, 2020 
on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, 
Individual shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode are allowed to vote through their 
demat account maintained with Depositories and 
Depository Participants. Shareholders are required 
to update their mobile number and email ID correctly 
in their demat account in order to access e-Voting 
facility.
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR E-VOTING 
ON THE DAY OF THE AGM ARE AS UNDER:
1. The procedure for e-Voting on the day of the AGM 
is same as the instructions mentioned above for 
remote e-voting.
2. Only those Members/shareholders, who will be 
present in the AGM through VC/OAVM facility 
and have not casted their vote on the Resolutions 
through remote e-Voting and are otherwise not 
barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote 
through e-Voting system in the AGM.
3. Members who have voted through Remote e-Voting 
will be eligible to attend the AGM. However, they 
will not be eligible to vote at the AGM.
4. The details of the person who may be contacted 
for any grievances connected with the facility for 
e-Voting on the day of the AGM shall be the same 
person mentioned for Remote e-voting.
E-VOTING RESULT: 
The results of e-voting and ballot shall be declared 
within 2 working days after the conclusion of AGM. The 
declared results along with Scrutinizer’s Report shall 
be placed on the website of the Company at https://
aurumproptech.in/ and on the website of NSDL at 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com. The results shall also 
be communicated to the Stock Exchanges on which 
shares of the Company are listed. Subject to receipt of 
requisite number of votes, resolutions set out in the 
notice will be deemed to be passed on the date of the 
Meeting, i.e Tuesday, September 23, 2025.
IEPF RELATED INFORMATION:
i. The Company has transferred the unpaid or 
unclaimed dividends declared up to financial years 
2016-17 , from time to time, to the Investor Education 
and Protection Fund (“IEPF”) established by the 
Central Government. Details of dividends so far 
transferred to the IEPF Authority are available on 
the website of IEPF Authority and the same can be 
accessed through the link: www. iepf.gov.in. 
ii. Members may note that shares as well as unclaimed 
dividends transferred to IEPF Authority can be 
claimed back from the IEPF Authority.
iii. The Members whose unclaimed dividends and/or 
shares have been transferred to IEPF may contact 
the Company or RTA and submit the required 
documents for issue of Entitlement Letter. 
OTHER INFORMATION:
1. As mandated by the Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (“SEBI”), securities of the Company can be 
transferred/traded only in dematerialized mode. 
Members holding shares in physical mode are 
advised to avail the facility of dematerialization.
2. Members are advised to exercise diligence and 
obtain statement of holdings periodically from the 
concerned Depository Participant and verify the 
holdings from time to time.
3. Members are requested to intimate/update 
changes, if any, in postal address, e-mail address, 
Notice (Contd.)
NOTICE
12
===== PDF PAGE 14 =====
mobile number, PAN, nomination, bank details such as name of the bank and branch, bank account number, IFS 
Code etc.
 •  For shares held in dematerialised mode to their Depository Participant for making necessary changes. NSDL 
has provided a facility for registration/updation of e-mail address through the link: https://eservices. nsdl.
com/kyc-attributes/#/login and opt-in/opt-out of nomination through the link: https://eservices.nsdl.com/
instademat-kyc-nomination/#/login.
 •  For shares held in physical mode by submitting to KFinTech the forms given below along with requisite 
supporting documents:
Sr. 
No.
Particulars Form
1. Registration of PAN, postal address, e-mail, address, mobile number, Bank 
Account, details or changes /updation thereof
ISR - 1
2. Confirmation of Signature of member by the Banker ISR - 2
3. Registration of Nomination SH-13
4. Cancellation or Variation of Nomination SH-14
5. Declaration to opt out of Nomination ISR - 3
 Any service request shall be entertained by KFinTech only upon registration of the PAN and KYC details.
4. Non-Resident Indian members are requested to 
inform the Company/KFinTech (if shareholding is 
in physical mode)/respective DPs (if shareholding 
is in demat mode), immediately of change in their 
residential status on return to India for permanent 
settlement.
5. Members may please note that the Listing 
Regulations mandate transfer, transmission and 
transposition of securities of listed companies held 
in physical form only in demat mode. 
 Further, SEBI vide its Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/
MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/8 dated January 
25, 2022 has mandated the listed companies to 
issue securities in dematerialized form only while 
processing service requests, viz., issue of duplicate 
securities certificate; claim from unclaimed 
suspense account; renewal/ exchange of securities 
certificate; endorsement; sub-division/splitting of 
securities certificate; consolidation of securities 
certificates/folios; transmission and transposition. 
Accordingly, members are requested to make 
service requests for issue of duplicate securities 
certificate; claim from unclaimed suspense 
account; renewal/exchange of securities certificate 
etc., by submitting a duly filled and signed Form 
ISR-4 along with requisite supporting documents 
to KFinTech as per the requirement of the aforesaid 
circular.
 The aforesaid forms can be downloaded from the 
Company’s website at https://www.aurumproptech.
in/investor/shareholder-information and is also 
available on the website of KFinTech at https://ris.
kfintech.com/ clientservices/isc/#div_rights. 
Notice (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited 
13
===== PDF PAGE 15 =====
STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102(1) OF 
THE COMPANIES ACT , 2013 AND ADDITIONAL 
INFORMATION AS REQUIRED UNDER THE 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE BOARD OF INDIA 
(LISTING CIRCULARS ISSUED THEREUNDER
The following Explanatory Statement sets out all 
the material facts relating to the Special Business 
mentioned in the accompanying Notice:
Item No. 3: Re-appointment of M/s. Kirtane & Pandit LLP 
(FRN: 105215W/W100057), Chartered Accountants, as 
Statutory Auditors of the Company
M/s. Kirtane & Pandit LLP, Chartered Accountants (Firm 
Registration No. 105215W/W100057), were appointed 
as the Statutory Auditors of the Company to hold office 
until the conclusion of the 12 th Annual General Meeting 
(AGM) of the Company.
Pursuant to the completion of their current term at the 
ensuing AGM, and based on the recommendation of the 
Audit Committee, the Board of Directors of the Company, 
at its meeting held on July 23, 2025, has approved the 
re-appointment of M/s. Kirtane & Pandit LLP, Chartered 
Accountants, as the Statutory Auditors of the Company, 
for a period of five (5) consecutive years, commencing 
from the conclusion of ensuing Annual General 
Meeting for the 2024-25 up to the conclusion of the 6 th 
consecutive Annual General Meeting to be held in FY 
2029-30, subject to the approval of the shareholders. 
M/s. Kirtane & Pandit LLP has consented to the re-
appointment and confirmed their eligibility under 
Sections 139 and 141 of the Companies Act, 2013, and 
the applicable rules framed thereunder. They have also 
confirmed that they are not disqualified from being re-
appointed as Statutory Auditors of the Company. 
The proposed remuneration payable to M/s. Kirtane & 
Pandit LLP for the 2025-26 is ` 20,00,000/- (Rupees 
Twenty Lakhs Only) for conducting the statutory audit 
and quarterly limited reviews. The said remuneration 
is exclusive of applicable taxes and out of pocket 
expenses, and has been determined considering the 
knowledge, expertize, industry experience, and the 
time and efforts required by the audit team during the 
audit engagement. The proposed fee is in line with the 
prevailing industry standards. In addition to the statutory 
audit, the Company may also engage M/s. Kirtane & 
Pandit LLP for other permissible professional services 
such as statutory certifications and other assignments, 
for which the remuneration shall be determined by the 
Board of Directors in consultation with the Auditors.
The Board recommends the resolution set forth in 
Item No. 3 for the approval of Members as an Ordinary 
Resolution. 
None of the Directors and/or Key Managerial Personnel 
of the Company and their relatives is concerned or 
interested, financially or otherwise, in the resolution set 
out at Item no.3.
Item No.4: Appointment of Secretarial Auditors of the 
Company
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 204 of the Act, 
read with the Rule 9 of the Companies (Appointment 
and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 
2014, every listed company and other specified class of 
companies, are required to annex with its Board’s report 
made in terms of Section 134(3) of the Act, a report 
on secretarial audit given by a company secretary in 
practice.
Further, Regulation 24A of the Listing Regulations, 
requires listed companies and its material unlisted 
subsidiaries incorporated in India to undertake 
secretarial audit by a secretarial auditor who is required 
to be a peer reviewed company secretary and annex the 
secretarial audit report in such form as specified, with 
its annual report.
In view of the aforesaid and based on the recommendation 
of the Audit Committee, the Board of Directors of the 
Company at its meeting held on July 23, 2025, has 
approved the appointment of M/s. Ainesh Jethwa & 
Associates, Practicing Company Secretaries (Peer 
Review Certificate No. 1727/2022) for a period of five (5) 
Notice (Contd.)
NOTICE
14
===== PDF PAGE 16 =====
consecutive financial years commencing from 2025-26 
to the 2029-30, to undertake Secretarial Audit of the 
Company and to issue the Secretarial Audit Report for 
the said period, subject to the approval of the Members.
The said appointment is in accordance with the amended 
Regulation 24A of the SEBI Listing Regulations vide SEBI 
Notification dated December 12, 2024, and provisions 
of Section 204 of the Act and Rule 9 of the Companies 
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial 
Personnel) Rules, 2014.
M/s Ainesh Jethwa & Associates, Practicing Company 
Secretaries is a well-known firm of Practicing Company 
Secretaries based in Mumbai and is well regarded 
for its professional excellence. The firm has been 
peer reviewed and quality reviewed by the Institute 
of Company Secretaries of India (ICSI), ensuring the 
highest standards in professional practices. The firm 
is led by three Managing Partners and offers a wide 
range of services, including secretarial compliances, 
corporate re-structuring, capital re-structuring, 
corporate advisory and other professional services. 
Further, they have confirmed that they are eligible for 
appointment as the Secretarial Auditor and has not 
incurred any disqualification specified by the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India.
The proposed remuneration to be paid to the Secretarial 
Auditor be ` 70,000/- (Rupees Seventy Thousand Only) 
plus applicable taxes and out-of-pocket expenses for the 
2025-26. For the subsequent year(s) of their term shall 
be fixed by the Board of Directors on recommendation of 
the Audit Committee of the Company. In addition to the 
Secretarial Audit, M/s. Ainesh Jethwa & Associates may 
also be engaged to provide other professional services, 
including certifications and advisory work, as approved 
by the Board of Directors. The relevant fees for such 
additional services shall be determined by the Board, 
based on the recommended of the Audit Committee and 
in consultation with the Secretarial Auditors.
In accordance with the provisions of Regulation 24A of 
the Listing Regulations, the appointment of Secretarial 
Auditor is required to be approved by the members of the 
Company.
The Board recommends the resolution set forth in 
Item No. 4 for the approval of Members as an Ordinary 
Resolution.
None of the Directors and/or Key Managerial Personnel 
of the Company and/or their relatives are concerned or 
interested in the Resolution set out in Item No. 4 of this 
Notice.
Item No. 5: Approval of the Material Related Party 
Transaction(s) of the Company
The Company is engaged in the business of developing 
and providing digital technology products, services 
and platforms with a specific focus on the real estate 
industry. Its core business is ‘PropTech’ which brings 
within its ambit the use of technology and software 
solutions for disparate needs of the real estate sector 
and offers advanced data and analytics capabilities for 
real-time feed-back.
In furtherance of its business activities, the Company 
and its Subsidiaries have entered/will enter transactions 
/contract(s)/agreement(s)/arrangement(s) with related 
parties in terms of Regulation 2(1)(zc)(i) of the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the 
“Listing Regulations”).
All related party transactions of the Company and its 
Subsidiaries are at arm’s length.
Further, all related party transactions are undertaken 
after obtaining prior approval of the Audit Committee. The 
Audit Committee of the Company currently comprises 
majority of Independent Directors. All related party 
transactions have been unanimously approved by the 
Audit Committee after satisfying itself that the related 
Notice (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited 
15
===== PDF PAGE 17 =====
party transactions are at arm’s length basis. The Audit 
Committee of the Company reviews on a quarterly basis, 
the details of all related party transactions entered into 
by the Company during the previous quarter, pursuant to 
its approvals.
The related party transactions between the subsidiaries 
of the Company are also approved by the Audit Committee 
of the Company and the Board of the Company.
In accordance with Regulation 23(2)(c) of the Listing 
Regulations, approval of the shareholders is being 
sought for transactions between Subsidiaries of the 
Company for availing or rendering of services of each 
other.
The value of related party transaction specified in the 
table below exclude duties and taxes.
The approval of the shareholders pursuant to Resolution 
No. 5 is being sought for the following related party 
transaction/contract/agreement/arrangement as set 
out in the table below.
In addition to the transaction set out in the table below, 
approval of the shareholders is also being sought 
for any other transactions between the parties for 
transfer of resources, services on arm’s length basis 
and in compliance with applicable laws, as approved 
by the Audit Committee. The value of such additional 
transaction is included in the value set out in the table 
below. 
The value of transaction (for which the approval is 
being sought) for the period commencing from April 01, 
2025 till the date of this Notice has not exceeded the 
materiality threshold. 
Notice (Contd.)
NOTICE
16
===== PDF PAGE 18 =====
The details of transactions as required under Regulation 23(4) of the Listing Regulations read with Section III-B of 
the SEBI Master Circular bearing reference no. SEBI/HO/ CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/2023/120 dated July 11, 2023 (“SEBI 
Master Circular”) are set forth below:
Sr. 
No.
Particulars  Material RPTs by the Company
1 Name of the related party and its relationship with the 
listed entity or its subsidiary, including nature of its 
concern or interest (financial or otherwise)
Aurum PropTech Limited (APTL) and Aurum RealEstate 
Developers Limited (AREDL) 
AREDL is a promoter of APTL and holds 49.89% of the 
paid-up equity share capital of APTL as on March 31, 
2025.
2 Type, tenure, material terms and particulars of the 
proposed transaction
Providing financial assistance in one or more tranches.
Transactions in the ordinary course of business with 
terms and conditions that are generally prevalent in the 
industry segments that the Company operates in.
For Material terms of the proposed transactions, refer 
S/N 9
3 Value of the proposed transaction as approved by the 
audit committee 
Rs. 50,00,00,000/- (Rupees Fifty Crores Only)
The above limit may or may not be utilized considering 
the requirement.
4 Value of the transaction during the reporting period Rs. 10,00,00,000 (Rupees Ten Crores Only)
5 Percentage of APTL’s annual consolidated turnover 
for the immediately preceding financial year, that is 
represented by the value of the proposed transaction
18.95% of the annual consolidated turnover of the 
Company (APTL) for FY 2024-25
6 Details of the transaction relating to any loans, inter-
corporate deposits, advances or investments made or 
given by the listed entity or its subsidiary
Providing financial assistance to AREDL
7 Justification as to why the RPT is in the interest of the 
listed entity
Being the promoter of the Company.
8 Any valuation or other external party report relied upon 
by the listed entity in relation to the transactions
Not Applicable
9 Details of the transaction relating to any loans, inter-
corporate deposits, advances or investments made or 
given by the listed entity or its subsidiary
(i)  Source of funds Own Funds
(ii)  In case any financial indebtedness is incurred 
to make or give loans, inter-corporate deposits, 
advances or investments
 •  Nature of indebtedness; 
 •  Cost of funds; and
 •  Tenure of the indebtedness;
Not Applicable
(iii)   Applicable terms, including covenants, tenure, 
interest rate and repayment schedule, whether 
secured or unsecured; if secured, the nature of 
security
Loans: 
Tenure – upto 1 year 
Interest rate – charged in compliance with the provisions 
of the Companies Act, 2013 
Nature – Unsecured
(iv)  Purpose for which the funds will be utilized by the 
ultimate recipient of funds pursuant to the RPT 
(end-usage)
General corporate purpose
Notice (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited 
17
===== PDF PAGE 19 =====
Sr. 
No.
Particulars  Material RPTs by the Company
10 Information as placed before the Audit Committee in the 
format as specified in the RPT Industry Standards, to 
the extent applicable
Yes, required information has been placed before 
the Audit Committee in the prescribed format as per 
Industry Standards on “Minimum information to be 
provided to the Audit Committee and Shareholders for 
approval of Related Party Transactions”
11 Disclose the fact that the Audit Committee has reviewed 
the certificates provided by the CEO/ Managing Director/ 
Whole Time Director/ Manager and CFO of the Listed 
Entity as required under the RPT Industry Standards
Yes, Complied
12 The Audit Committee and Board of Directors, while 
providing information to the shareholders, can approve 
redaction of commercial secrets and such other 
information that would affect competitive position 
of listed entity and affirm that, in its assessment, the 
redacted disclosures still provide all the necessary 
information to the public shareholders for informed 
decision-making.
Yes, it provides information to the public shareholders 
for informed decision-making.
13 Name of the Director or KMP who is related, if any, and 
the nature of their relationship
None
14 Any other information that may be relevant. All important information forms part of the statement 
setting out material facts, pursuant to Section 102(1) of 
the Act, forming part of this Notice.
Notice (Contd.)
Item No. 6: Approval for proposed sale of buildings/
assets of the Company 
The Company, based on the recommendation of the 
Audit Committee, proposes to sell certain assets/
buildings currently owned by the Company, specifically 
Q5 and Q6 located at MNDC, MBP-1 P-136, Mahape, Navi 
Mumbai.
This proposed sale is in line with the Company’s strategic 
objectives of becoming an asset-light organization 
and efficiently deploying capital. The proceeds from 
the sale will be utilized towards repayment of existing 
loans, investment in subsidiaries, and for meeting the 
Company’s working capital requirements.
Pursuant to Regulation 37A of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, a listed entity shall not sell, lease, or otherwise 
dispose of any undertaking or substantially the whole 
of any undertaking outside a scheme of arrangement 
without obtaining prior approval of the shareholders by 
way of a special resolution.
Since the proposed sale is not part of any scheme of 
arrangement and constitutes sale of an undertaking 
within the meaning of Section 180(1)(a) of the Companies 
Act, 2013, the approval of the Members by way of a 
special resolution is being sought. 
Accordingly, the Board recommends the resolution as 
set out in Item No. 6 of the accompanying Notice for the 
approval of the Members by way of a Special Resolution.
None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel 
(KMP) of the Company or their relatives are, in any way, 
concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the 
said resolution, except to the extent of their shareholding 
in the Company, or their position as Director(s)/KMP(s) in 
the Company or its subsidiaries.
By Order of the Board 
For Aurum PropTech Limited
 Sonia Jain
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 Membership No. A52138
Date: July 23, 2025
Place: Navi Mumbai
Registered office:
Aurum Q1, Aurum Q Parc, 
Thane Belapur Road, Navi Mumbai, 
Maharashtra, India- 400710
(CIN): L72300MH2013PLC244874 
https://aurumproptech.in/ 
E-mail: investors@aurumproptech.in   
NOTICE
18
===== PDF PAGE 20 =====
POISED TO
ACCELERATE
ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
===== PDF PAGE 21 =====
Table of Contents
Corporate Overview
Corporate Snapshot 02
About Aurum Group 04
Growth Journey 06
Key Highlights of the Year 08
Management Message 10
Sectorial Context 12
GRC Framework 20
Business Segment Review 26
Aurum नींव 36
Board of Directors 42
Management Review
Management Discussion and Analysis 46
Rental, Distribution & Capital 50
Governance, Risk and Compliance 51
Governance
Board of Directors’ Report 57
Corporate Governance Report 87
Notice 111
Financial Statements
Standalone 129
Consolidated 201
Corporate Information 277
POISED TO ACCELERATE
Aurum PropTech stands at the forefront of the PropTech revolution in India, not 
merely as a technology provider but also a transformative force reshaping the 
real estate landscape. The Company’s integrated platforms span the full 
spectrum of the real estate value chain, delivering end-to-end solutions from 
property discovery and matchmaking to sales automation, transaction 
management and customer relationship management. Driven by its three 
strategic pillars-Rental, Distribution, and Capital-Aurum PropTech is redefining 
how real estate is discovered, transacted, and managed, while driving greater 
efficiency, transparency, and value for all ecosystem stakeholders.
This transformation has been underpinned by 
strategic clarity, disciplined execution, and strong 
alignment with the broader PropTech ecosystem.
The three business verticals - Rental, Distribution, 
and Capital, continue to advance with improved 
economics, enhanced operational resilience and 
growing opportunities for cross-vertical leverage.  
With continued investments in AI, automation, and 
digital infrastructure, the company is well-
positioned for sustainable, capital-efficient 
growth. Backed by platform synergies, secured 
capital, and proven execution, Aurum PropTech is 
ready to lead the next phase of India’s 
PropTech evolution.
The PropTech industry is at a pivotal inflection 
point, fueled by accelerating digital adoption, 
shifting market dynamics, and the growing 
integration of technology across the real estate 
value chain. As the industry transitions from siloed 
solutions to interconnected ecosystems, the 
emphasis is shifting toward delivering scalable 
operations, enhanced efficiency, and 
differentiated value for all stakeholders.
Aurum PropTech has strategically navigated this 
transformation, evolving from a portfolio of 
discrete digital solutions into a unified, future-
ready platform that connects the entire real estate 
lifecycle for consumers, developers, and investors. 
Disclaimer: This document contains statements about expected future events and financials of Aurum PropTech Limited (‘Aurum PropTech’), which are 
forward-looking. By their nature, forward looking statements require the Company to make assumptions and are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. 
There is a significant risk that the assumptions, predictions, and other forward-looking statements may not prove to be accurate. Readers are cautioned not 
to place undue reliance on forward looking statements as several factors could cause assumptions, actual future results, and events to differ materially 
from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. Accordingly, this document is subject to the disclaimer and qualified in its entirety by the 
assumptions, qualifications, and risk factors referred to in the Management Discussion and Analysis section of this annual report.
Investor Information
CIN : L72300MH2013PLC244874
BSE Code : 539289 and 890168
NSE Symbol : AURUM and AURUM PP1
Bloomberg Code : AURUM:IN
AGM Date : September 23, 2025
AGM Venue : Video Conferencing
You can also visit 
https://www.aurumproptech.in/
investor/shareholder-information
Scan this QR code
===== PDF PAGE 22 =====
About Aurum PropTech
CORPORATE  SNAPSHOT
Aurum PropTech Limited, listed on both the BSE and NSE, stands as a leading innovator in India’s PropTech landscape. 
The Company is focused on creating a unified digital ecosystem that elevates consumer experience and enhances 
efficiency across the entire real estate value chain. From property search and transactions to investment opportunities, 
Aurum PropTech integrates every stage of the real estate journey, connecting all stakeholders through seamlessly 
connected, technology-driven solutions.
Our Story at a Glance
10+
Products
15
Cities
650+
Team Members
37 ,500
Rental Units Capacity
25,000+
Active Customers
7 ,900+
Number of Active Licenses 
730+
RealEstate 
Developer Relations
2,60,000+
Leads Sold
CORPORATE OVERVIEW
2
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
3
===== PDF PAGE 23 =====
India’s Sole Integrated Technology Ecosystem
ABOUT AURUM GROUP
Aurum Ventures is a homegrown RealEstate Investment and Development company, creating long-term value since 1996.
The Company is an impact investor specializing in long-duration, high-quality assets within special situations across 
India. With a disciplined, conservative entry approach and a typical investment horizon of a decade, Aurum focuses on 
strategic expansion and long-term value creation.
Its investment portfolio spans the full value chain of RealEstate and PropTech businesses, with a core focus on building 
scalable platforms that offer substantial long-term exit potential. By aligning growth with responsible investment 
principles, Aurum’s strategy is designed to deliver both measurable impact and sustainable financial returns.
CORPORATE OVERVIEW
4
Aurum values are an amalgamation of what we have been, what we are, and what 
we want to be. Our commitment to building sustainable businesses rests upon 
a set of core values. These values are the compass that guides our personal and 
corporate actions.
Empowerment Transparency Speed
Hard Work Passion
Group Values
Commercial Real 
Estate
Residential Real 
Estate
Lifestyle 
Retail
Mineral 
Exploration
Optic Fiber Telecom Aviation Renewable  
Energy
Presence
RealEstate Philanthropy PropTech
Portfolio
Led by Technology, Capital, and Entrepreneurship, Aurum is on a mission to 
create a tech-led disruption through its RealEstate ecosystem, focusing on 
enhancing customer experience and increasing operational efficiencies. We 
allocate capital and empower teams across all our businesses, be it RealEstate 
projects or PropTech products.
Mission
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
5
===== PDF PAGE 24 =====
From Building Spaces to Creating Ecosystems
GROWTH  JOURNEY
Over the years, Aurum Group has influenced multiple industries, evolving through deliberate choices, strategic acquisitions, 
and a consistent drive for innovation, each milestone shaping the organization’s current identity. Guided by a clear purpose to 
transform real estate through technology, Aurum Group’s journey demonstrates its commitment to progress, platform-based 
thinking, and the seamless integration of technology into the real estate domain.
MonkTech Labs 
Pte Limited
B2b SaaS product for 
rental properties and 
tenant community 
management
HelloWorld 
Technologies India 
Private Limited
One of the 
largest co-living 
operators in India
October 
2021
December 
2021
June 
2022
June 
2021
Aurum Ventures acquired Aurum PropTech 
Limited and secured a controlling stake 
in multiple PropTech ventures to drive 
digital transformation in RealEstate.
Integrated PropTech Ecosystem
Integrow Asset 
Management 
Private Limited
Tech-driven real 
estate AMC
July 
2021
K2V2 Technologies 
Private Limited
India’s largest real estate CRM for 
developers and channel partners
CORPORATE OVERVIEW
6
April 
2023
October 
2022
Aurum Analytica 
Private Limited
Data-driven solution 
that accelerates 
performance marketing 
and channel sales
Aurum WiseX
Neo-realty investment 
platform
June 
2023
NestAway Technologies 
Private Limited
Leading residential 
rental platform and 
proptech brand in India
July 
2025
PropTiger Marketing 
Services Private Limited
Approved acquisition 
of PropTiger from 
REA group for 5.5% 
stake in APTL
July 
2025
 AMSA SM - REIT
SM-REIT registration
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
7
===== PDF PAGE 25 =====
A Y ear of Strategic Momentum and 
Measurable Impact
KEY HIGHLIGHTS OF THE YEAR
The past year represented a period of robust operational delivery and innovation-driven progress across the portfolio. 
From scaling co-living occupancy and enhancing customer service responsiveness to broadening product portfolios 
and earning industry accolades, the businesses continued to strengthe n resilience and generate sustainable 
value. The following highlights capture the milestones that shaped performance and reinforced the foundation for 
future growth.
CORPORATE OVERVIEW
8
Customer Satisfaction: 
Nestaway’s Net Promoter Score 
(NPS) of 4.4/5 highlights its strong 
customer advocacy and sustained 
emphasis on user-centric solutions.
New Business Lines: 
HelloWorld short stays achieved 
120% growth reaching ₹ 40 lakhs 
monthly revenue runrate.
Industry Recognition: 
Aurum Analytica was recognized 
as Times Realty’s PropTech 
Company of the Year. 
Regional Revenue Milestones: 
Aurum Analytica released 
DataAsInsights, Data Lake v2.0, 
and Site Visit Digitization 2.0
Sell.do Progress: 
Sell.do launched AI chat for reports, 
NLP-based report generation, 
integrated direct WhatsApp with Meta, 
and upgraded quote generation flows.
SM REIT Development: 
AMSA received official registration 
from SEBI for its Small and Medium 
Real Estate Investment Trust (SM 
REIT), named AMSA SM REIT .
Strong Growth in 
Rental Segment:
27% YoY growth in revenue 
across rental offerings.
NestAway Lite Performance: 
NestAway clocked ₹ 39 crores 
total income, up by 29% YoY
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
9
===== PDF PAGE 26 =====
Group CEO’s Communique
Dear Shareholders,
The year 2024-25 was one of purposeful alignment for 
Aurum PropTech, a year where the groundwork of the 
past few years matured into a connected ecosystem 
in motion. What began as independent platforms, data 
initiatives, and capital-backed innovations now operate 
in harmony, with each component reinforcing the other.
Our vision of becoming India’s only full-stack PropTech 
ecosystem, delivering end-to-end digital solutions 
across the real estate value chain, is now a reality. This 
progress is the result of disciplined execution, focus on 
scale, and a commitment to building with resilience.
Navigating the Global and Indian Economic Landscape
Globally, 2024 brought modest yet steady growth 
of around 3.3%. Even amid shifting trade policies, 
geopolitical frictions, and evolving supply chain 
dynamics, India continued to shine as a beacon of 
stability and opportunity.
With GDP growth of 6.5% in 2024-25, India retained 
its position as the fastest-growing major economy. 
Structural reforms, prudent fiscal management, robust 
foreign exchange reserves, and initiatives such as the 
National Infrastructure Pipeline and Viksit Bharat 2047 
are driving long-term growth. These policies are not only 
enabling investment and capital formation but are also 
accelerating urbanization, housing development, and 
digital infrastructure, all critical to our sector’s growth.
India’s RealEstate and PropTech Momentum
India’s real estate sector, now contributing over 7% 
to GDP and valued at more than USD 350 billion, 
is undergoing a transformation toward greater 
transparency, institutional participation, and 
technology-led growth.
Regulatory reforms such as RERA, GST , and digital 
land records have strengthened governance, while 
SEBI’s evolving guidelines for Small and Medium REITs 
(SM-REITs) are opening new avenues for democratized 
ownership. Institutional investments reached USD 
8.9 billion in 2024, up 51% year-on-year, reaffirming 
confidence in India’s fundamentals.
Our vision of becoming India’s 
only full-stack PropTech 
ecosystem, delivering end-
to-end digital solutions 
across the real estate value 
chain, is now a reality. 
MANAGEMENT MESSAGE
CORPORATE OVERVIEW
10
Business Performance Highlights
Across our three verticals, Rental, Distribution, and 
Capital, we made significant strides.
Rental remained our largest contributor, with a managed 
portfolio of over 37 ,500 units across 15 cities. NestAway 
grew income by 29%, while HelloWorld doubled short-
stay revenues. We improved operational efficiency, 
strengthened unit economics, and are now exploring 
high-potential NRI and GCC markets.
Distribution delivered its first full-year profit, driven 
by strong growth in Sell.do and Aurum Analytica. Our 
proprietary Data Lake now covers over 250 micro-
markets, while AI-powered features are enhancing 
productivity and client engagement. The PropTiger 
acquisition strengthened this vertical and expanded our 
reach across the real estate journey.
Capital achieved a major milestone with SEBI’s SM REIT 
registration, positioning us to become India’s largest SM 
REIT platform in the coming years. 
Financially, total income grew 22% to ₹285 crore, with 
improved margins across all parameters. Our balance 
sheet strengthened further, underscoring our focus on 
capital-efficient growth.
Strengthening Our Technology Advantage
We have moved from a collection of products to an 
intelligent, integrated platform stack. AI, predictive 
analytics, and IoT-enabled workflows now drive decision-
making, customer engagement, and operational 
efficiency across our ecosystem.
In Rental, we launched dynamic pricing and smart 
ticketing systems. In Distribution, AI-driven tools like 
predictive conversion engines and automated brochures 
accelerated sales velocity. Our API integrations 
expanded significantly, enhancing connectivity across 
the ecosystem.
This continued investment in technology is our 
competitive moat, enabling us to deliver faster, 
smarter, and more scalable solutions for our customers 
and partners.
We have moved from a collection 
of products to an intelligent, 
integrated platform stack. 
AI, predictive analytics, and  
IoT-enabled workflows now drive 
decision-making, customer 
engagement, and operational 
efficiency across our ecosystem.
Governance and Social Impact
Our Governance, Risk, and Compliance framework 
remains central to how we operate, anchored in our 
five capitals: Intellectual, Human, Social and Brand, 
Ecosystem, and Financial. We maintained ISO 27001, 
9001, and 22301 certifications, and have begun aligning 
our ESG reporting with Global Reporting Initiative 
standards by 2026-27 .
Through Aurum 
, we continued to deliver societal 
impact. This year, we planted over 20,100 high-oxygen-
yielding trees, distributed more than 2,45,000 meals, 
and supported over 300 girls through our education 
initiatives.
The Road Ahead
As the year 2025-26 is progressing, our mandate is clear: 
accelerate growth, deepen platform integration, and 
strengthen our role as the digital backbone of Indian 
real estate. With the successful completion of our rights 
issue, we are well-capitalized to double revenues over the 
next two years.
To our shareholders, your trust remains the foundation 
of our ambitions. To our customers, partners, and 
employees, your belief and dedication continue to 
inspire us. Together, we will push boundaries, embrace 
innovation, and shape the future of real estate in India.
Best wishes,
Ashish Deora 
Founder and Group CEO
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
11
===== PDF PAGE 27 =====
Accelerating PropTech’s Growth Curve
PropTech 1.0
PropTech 1.0 marked the 
beginning of the digital listing 
revolution, driven by the rise 
of personal computers and 
online property portals. Early 
PropTech efforts focused 
on listing platforms that 
digitized property searches 
and connected buyers with 
sellers, addressing issues 
of transparency and market 
fragmentation.
PropTech 2.0
PropTech 2.0 marked a shift 
toward customer-centric 
innovation in India, driven by 
rising smartphone usage, 
internet penetration, and 
demand for transparency. 
Property portals evolved 
beyond listings to offer virtual 
tours, user reviews, and rich 
data, empowering buyers and 
sellers with greater access 
and insight.
PropTech 3.0
PropTech 3.0 marks a tech-
driven era in Indian real estate, 
accelerated by the Covid-19 
pandemic and powered by 
Artificial Intelligence (AI), 
Augmented Reality/Virtual Reality 
(AR/VR), the Internet of Things 
(IoT) and data analytics. The focus 
has shifted toward smart homes, 
sustainability, and seamless digital 
experiences, with developers 
and buyers increasingly adopting 
digital platforms.
As RealEstate evolves into a more connected and intelligent ecosystem, Prop Tech has progressed beyond basic digital 
listings to emerge as a core enabler of the sector’s future, driving data-informed decision-making, delivering seamless 
customer experiences, and promoting transparency at every stakeholder interaction.
SECTORIAL CONTEXT
CORPORATE OVERVIEW
12
In today’s high-capital, high-expectation landscape, PropTech has moved beyond being an emerging trend 
to become a strategic imperative, positioned to Shape the next chapter of val ue creation in India’s real 
estate sector.
Key Drivers Shaping the Next Wave of PropTech Innovation
Urbanization and Demand for Affordable Rentals 
Rapid urbanization and rising living costs are fueling the demand for flexible rental options 
such as student housing, co-living, and family rentals. PropTech platforms are stepping in to 
offer greater affordability, convenience, and choice to the consumers in the rental market.
Digital Transformation of RealEstate 
Once characterized by fragmentation and limited transparency, the real estate sector is now 
adopting digital solutions that drive both clarity and operational efficiency. Virtual tours, 
digital leasing, and online property management are transforming transaction processes, 
catering to the expectations of today’s digitally empowered buyers and tenants.
Rise of Alternative Investments 
The popularity of real estate as an asset class is growing, with innovations like SM-REITs 
and digital lending platforms broadening access for both retail and institutional investors, 
enabling participation without the need for direct property ownership.
Regulatory Push for Digitization 
Government initiatives like Digital India and RERA are accelerating the sector’s digital 
transformation. These reforms not only enhance transparency but also foster deeper 
collaboration between PropTech innovators and traditional real estate enterprises.
Shift to Digital-First Consumer Expectations 
Modern consumers now demand frictionless digital interactions at every stage of the 
journey: from property discovery to post-sales engagement. This is driving PropTech 
companies to embed advanced technologies such as AI, machine learning, and blockchain 
throughout the real estate value chain.
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
13
===== PDF PAGE 28 =====
India’s urban rental housing segment is 
witnessing surging demand, driven by three 
key consumer groups:
40 lakhs
Non-domicile students 
enrolled in higher education 
institutions across urban 
centers, residing in rented 
accommodations
60 lakhs
Young professionals are 
employed across nine 
major corporate sectors, 
primarily living in shared 
rented accommodations
1 crore
Young families in urban 
households that depend 
on private rental housing 
in cities
A Major Supply Gap
India’s Residential Rental Market
RENTAL
Only 8 lakhs
Units are available in 
organised supply
Organized 
Supply
25x
Demand-supply mismatch 
in organized rental housing
Gap
2 crore
Rental units across co-living 
and family accommodations
Demand
A Massive Demand-Supply Mismatch
Top cities by demand
Bangalore HyderabadDelhi NCRMumbai Pune
CORPORATE OVERVIEW
14
Aurum PropTech’s rental portfolio is unlocking the vast potential of India’s rental housing market by leveraging 
technology to formalize and standardize the living experience across high-demand ur ban segments such as 
student housing, co-living for young professionals, and family rentals. Through its p latforms, HelloWorld and 
NestAway, the Company offers smarter property discovery, seamless ten ant onboarding, and professional 
property management, addressing critical gaps of transparency, convenience, an d trust. By digitizing the 
rental value chain and deploying scalable, process-driven systems, Aurum PropTech enh ances quality of life 
for residents, ensures efficiency for owners, and sets new benchmarks for organized rental housing in India’s  
fast-growing market.
Aurum’s Positioning 
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
15
===== PDF PAGE 29 =====
A Massive, Fragmented 
Ecosystem
Despite the size, the ecosystem is 
highly fragmented, with developers 
still dependent on conventional 
intermediaries and siloed marketing 
channels. This lack of integration 
limits market visibility, delays 
conversion cycles, and results in an 
inconsistent experience for buyers.
Digitizing Real Estate Marketing
Real estate marketing is undergoing a decisive shift from intuition-driven 
approaches to intelligence-led strategies. Traditional methods like broker 
surveys, outdoor media, and listing portals are giving way to data-powered, 
technology-enabled platforms that enable precise targeting, automated 
campaign execution, and real-time performance analytics. By digitizing 
the distribution value chain from launch to lead generation to closure, 
PropTech solutions empower developers to expand market reach, control 
acquisition costs, and deliver personalized experiences to today’s digitally 
savvy homebuyers.
India’s residential real estate market is at an inflection point, grappling with a widening demand-supply gap amid rapid 
urban expansion. With millions of new homebuyers entering the market and developers  struggling to reach them 
efficiently, PropTech is positioned as the critical enabler for delivering scale, speed, and trust in real estate distribution. 
Aurum PropTech is strategically placed to drive this digital transformation.
India’s Real Estate Distribution Market
DISTRIBUTION
The Scale of the 
Opportunity
India’s accelerating housing demand 
is constrained by inefficiencies in 
connecting qualified buyers with the 
right projects at scale, creating a 
clear opportunity for technology-
driven distribution models. By 
digitizing the broker network, 
empowering developers with 
advanced sales and marketing tools, 
and streamlining unified transaction 
workflows, PropTech players can 
enhance discovery, personalization, 
and transparency across the sales 
lifecycle. With rising digital adoption 
among homebuyers, these solutions 
not only build trust and improve 
efficiency but also capture significant 
value by delivering a faster, seamless, 
and reliable purchase experience.
₹ 4,00,000 crore+ 
Annual Value of Homes Purchased
78 million 
Homes Needed in Urban India from 2024 to 2034
4,80,000+ 
Annual Housing Sales in Top 8 Cities
90,000+ 
RERA Registered Channel Partners
43,000+ 
RERA-Registered Developers
20,000+ 
RERA Registered Active Projects
A Multi-billion Dollar Opportunity 
CORPORATE OVERVIEW
16
A ₹39,000 crore Opportunity
Annual spending on real estate distribution 
underscores the scale of efficiency:
₹1,000 crore
On Aggregator Websites
₹4,000 crore
On Social Media
₹34,000 crore
On Channel Sales
Aurum’s Positioning 
Aurum PropTech is strategically positioned to lead 
the transformation of real estate distribution by 
digitizing and standardizing the entire value chain. By 
institutionalizing developer go-to-market strategies, 
digitizing fragmented channel partner networks, and 
leveraging data to drive smarter buyer engagement, the 
Company bridges the persistent gap between supply 
and demand in the industry.
Central to this transformation are Aurum Analytica-a 
cutting-edge, AI and data science-driven platform 
delivering advanced performance marketing, predictive 
audience targeting, and agent engagement solutions-
and Sell.Do-India’s largest real estate-specific CRM, 
enabling marketing automation, sales acceleration, 
and post-sales management on a single platform. 
Together, these platforms empower developers, 
channel partners, and brokers with actionable 
insights, seamless workflows, and measurable 
results at scale.
Through its platform-centric approach, Aurum 
PropTech delivers both enterprise efficiency 
and consumer delight, unlocking new levels of 
scalability, transparency, and speed. As the future 
of real estate sales moves decisively toward 
PropTech-powered distribution, Aurum PropTech is 
uniquely equipped to capture this accelerating shift 
and create long-term value across the ecosystem.
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
17
===== PDF PAGE 30 =====
India’s real estate investment landscape is undergoing a structural shift, driven by rising demand for transparency, 
accessibility, and portfolio diversification. At the heart of this transforma tion are Small and Medium Real Estate 
Investment Trusts (SM-REITs), a SEBI-regulated vehicle that broadens access to premium commercial real estate. These 
digital-first platforms enable both retail and institutional investors to participate in income-generating assets through 
fractional ownership, offering the dual benefits of rental yield and capital appreciation within a professionally managed, 
transparent structure.
Unlocking the Power of Small and Medium Real Estate Investments
India Real Estate Capital Market
CAPITAL
 Investors pool funds 
into an SM-REIT
Capital Pooling
 SM-REIT launches 
multiple schemes
 Each scheme is 
linked to a specific 
SPV holding 
commercial real 
estate assets
Scheme Creation
 Properties are 
leased to generate 
rental yield
 Over time, assets 
appreciate in value 
(capital gains)
Asset Management
 Regular payouts 
through rent
 Value unlocking 
through 
appreciation
Returns to Investors
CORPORATE OVERVIEW
18
Aurum PropTech has established a dedicated capital 
vertical that harnesses technology to create next-
generation investment platforms for the real estate 
sector. Through Integrow Asset Management, which 
holds AIF licenses across both residential and 
commercial segments, the Company is reshaping 
how capital is raised, structured, and deployed in the 
industry. Under the Integrow banner, the Company has 
Aurum’s Positioning 
launched technology-enabled AIFs with scalable 
unit economics, while platforms such as KuberX 
are advancing asset digitization and data-driven 
underwriting to improve capital efficiency. AMSA 
received official registration from SEBI for its Small 
and Medium Real Estate Investment Trust (SM 
REIT), named AMSA SM REIT .
Who’s Investing?
The SM-REIT Opportunity
300 Family Offices
Average AUM: USD 100 million
₹561 billion+
Net inflows from individual investors
₹50,000 crore+
Estimated SM-REITable commercial supply by FY 2026 across India
Rising Institutional Interest
Increasing participation from wealth managers, HNIs, and global investors
Infrastructure-Led Growth
Emerging cities and new economy assets like co-working, warehousing, and 
Grade-A office spaces are expanding the investible universe
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
19
===== PDF PAGE 31 =====
Governance Risk and Compliance 
(GRC) Framework
GRC FRAMEWORK
The GRC framework is grounded in industry-
leading standards and guided by dedicated 
leaders overseeing key focus areas. This 
structured approach enables effective oversight 
of financial, human, environmental, and social 
capital. Regular reviews by the Board ensure 
governance practices remain aligned with 
long-term value creation objectives, supporting 
financial integrity, developing talent, advancing 
sustainability, and strengthening stakeholder 
confidence. By embedding GRC principles 
across operations, the Company cultivates 
a culture of accountability, resilience, and 
ethical growth.
Financial 
Capital
Human 
Capital
Intellectual 
Capital
Social 
and Brand 
Capital
Ecosystem 
Capital
CORPORATE OVERVIEW
20
INTELLECTUAL CAPITAL
Aurum Prop Tech’s intellectual capital lies in its capability to design, develop, an d deploy 
technology solutions that digitize and unify every touchpoint across the real estate rental 
value chain. From tenant discovery to rent collection, from customer managem ent to sales 
enablement, the Company’s platforms are built to provide seamless, scalable, an d 
intelligence-driven experiences for all stakeholders in the ecosystem.
Proprietary Digital Ecosystem:
At the heart of the Company’s technology stack is 
its Tenant Discovery Platform, complemented by a 
suite of mobile applications designed to streamline 
the rental journey for tenants. These tools allow 
users to search properties, initiate move-in and 
move-out processes, pay rent, and access value-
added services. The platform currently hosts over 
9,00,000 active tenant searches, manages a 
pipeline of more than 1,10,000 prospective tenants, 
and processes rent payments exceeding ₹115+ 
crore.
Role-Specific Tools for Stakeholders:
Aurum PropTech has developed targeted 
applications to serve the unique needs of each 
stakeholder group:
 The Property Manager App enables efficient 
customer servicing, rent collection, service 
request resolution, and building expense 
management and is currently leveraged by over 
37 ,500 users.
 A web-based dashboard for property owners 
facilitates property listing, tenant discovery, 
rent share collection, and access to real-time 
analytics.
 Sales and broker management platforms 
aggregate broker networks, automate 
transaction management, and streamline 
incentive payments.
Data Intelligence and Analytics:
The Company’s web-based dashboards leverage 
advanced analytics to define consumer profiles, 
monitor behavioral patterns, and enable precision-
targeted engagement. These tools support 
smarter decision-making, generate qualified 
leads, and strengthen both customer acquisition 
and retention.
Marketing and Sales Automation:
Aurum PropTech’s marketing and sales engines, 
accessible via both mobile and web, enable end-
to-end customer lifecycle management. These 
platforms automate service requests, revenue 
collections, and customer support workflows, 
enhancing operational efficiency and minimizing 
manual dependencies.
Scalable and Secure Architecture:
All platforms are built on scalable, cloud-native 
infrastructure with an API-first approach, ensuring 
speed, reliability, and data security. This 
architecture allows the Company to rapidly 
onboard users, scale into new markets, and 
adapt  to evolving requirements without 
operational disruption.
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
21
===== PDF PAGE 32 =====
HUMAN CAPITAL
At Aurum Prop Tech, people remain at the core of the Company’s transformation journey. In 
2024-25, revenue per employee increased to ₹42 lakhs, compared to ₹29 lakhs in the prior 
year, underscoring the organization’s heightened emphasis on productivity and 
performance. With AI-led productization initiatives underway, the Company projects a 
further 15-20% improvement in this metric for 2025-26, reinforcing its belief in technology 
as a powerful force multiplier for human capital.
The Company’s hiring strategy continues to be highly targeted, with expansion limited to 
mission-critical areas such as product development and data science. Operations and 
support functions remain agile and lean, ensuring an optimal balance between efficiency 
and innovation. To strengthen the link between performance and results, variabl e pay 
structures have been introduced across business units, rewarding measurable impact and 
fostering a culture anchored in accountability and excellence.
Talent Pool Across Clusters (in %)
12%
Capital
₹ 42 lakhs
Revenue per 
Employee
55%
Rental
686
Talent Pool Across 
Clusters
33%
Distribution
6
Key Functions
Country spread 
15 Cities
Mumbai 120
Pune 95
Bangalore 140
Delhi 158
Hyderabad 42
Other Cities 130
CORPORATE OVERVIEW
22
SOCIAL AND BRAND CAPITAL
Aurum Prop Tech’s social and brand capital rests on the pillars of trust, inc lusivity, and 
responsible innovation. The Company engages meaningfully with communities through 
initiatives focused on education, digital empowerment, and urban development. Fo r its 
customers, the Company delivers credible, design-led solutions that enhance both user 
experiences and business outcomes. Through transparent communication and consistent 
execution, the Company has strengthened shareholder confidence and built deep er 
investor trust. Across its value chain, including partners, suppliers, and coll aborators, 
Aurum Prop Tech cultivates a culture of integrity and shared purpose. Together, its social 
impact and brand equity serve to reinforce stakeholder relationships and drive sustainable, 
long-term value creation.
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
23
===== PDF PAGE 33 =====
ECOSYSTEM CAPITAL
The Company’s Integrated Prop Tech Ecosystem is a cohesive synergy of Techn ology, 
Capital, Services, and Data, working in harmony to deliver seamless, scalable, and 
intelligent  solutions.
Growth Capital Strategic Oversight Governance & Risk Branding
Business 
Operations
HR: Culture & 
ProcessesProductCustomer & 
GTM
Technology & 
Engineering
Data as a 
Strategy
Learning & 
Development
Customer & 
Product
Finance & 
Accounting
Legal & 
Compliance
HR: Policies
Talent 
Recognition
Shared Services
Aurum's Ecosystem Collaboration
CORPORATE OVERVIEW
24
FINANCIAL CAPITAL
Aurum PropTech’s business has demonstrated improving Expense to Total Income 
Ratios year-on-year.
15%
YoY improvement of 
EBITDA margin
17%
YoY improvement 
of PBT margin
12%
Improvement of Adjusted 
EBITDA margin
Total Income (in ₹ crore) EBITDA (in ₹ crore)
2023-24
22.1
2024-25
67 .15
2023-24
233
2024-25
285
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
25
===== PDF PAGE 34 =====
Powering India’s Only Integrated 
PropTech Ecosystem
Aurum PropTech is building India’s only fully integrated PropTech ecosystem, that brings together 
technology, capital, data, and services across the real estate value chain. Its differentiation lies in the 
ability to serve diverse stakeholder groups, including tenants, landlords, developers, and institutions, 
through interconnected platforms spanning rental housing, co-living, property management, analytics, 
and capital solutions. Each business vertical complements the other, creating synergies that improve 
speed, transparency, and outcomes for all participants.
Rather than treating consumer, business, and institutional segments as separate tracks, Aurum brings 
them into a single, cohesive framework, enabling seamless flow of information, service delivery, and 
decision-making. In doing so, the Company is not only adapting to the evolving dynamics of real estate 
but also shaping its future through a model that is scalable, data-driven, and operationally efficient.
BUSINESS SEGMENT REVIEW
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25CORPORATE OVERVIEW
2726
===== PDF PAGE 35 =====
HELLOWORLD TECHNOLOGIES (INDIA)
PRIV ATE LIMITED
Hello World Technologies, a key entity within Aurum’s PropTech ecosystem, offers tech-enabled co-living solutions 
for students and young professionals. With a focus on community living and conv enience, it is redefining urban 
housing for the next generation. Its digital-first approach delivers seamless property discovery, tenant onboarding, 
and end-to-end property management. 
Flexibility of Stay - With a minimal lock-in period 
and the option to stay for as little as one month, we 
cater to the dynamic needs of students and young 
professionals who often require short-term, flexible 
housing solutions.
Transparent & Hassle - Free Experience - Residents 
enjoy a seamless onboarding process with zero 
brokerage, no hidden charges, and only one month’s 
rent as a security deposit, making our offering both 
affordable and trustworthy.
Trusted Co-Living Ecosystem - As the second-
largest player in the student and co-living sector, 
we provide access to quality accommodations 
across top-tier Indian cities, ensuring convenience, 
comfort, and a sense of community for over 6 million 
potential residents.
Key Differentiators/
Offerings
 Achieved revenue of ₹114 crore (pre-
Ind AS), reflecting a 16% YoY growth.
 Expanded presence with launches in 
Ahmedabad, Chennai, and Goa.Introduced 
a Short Stays offering in Bangalore.
 Attained operational profitability in 11 out 
of 14 cities.
 Set new benchmarks in customer 
experience, hosting over 100 community 
events with consistently high ratings of 
4.5 stars and above.
 Scaled operations to 17 ,700 managed live 
units, with an average occupancy of 71%.
Key Highlights of  
FY 2024-25
 Scaled operations to 230 properties across 17 cities.
 Built a strong nationwide presence in student and co-
living spaces.
 Achieved 120% growth in Short Stay revenue, increasing 
Monthly Recurring Revenue (MRR) from ₹16 lakhs to ₹40 lakhs.
 Technology-led solutions-such as the Owner Dashboard, 
ShortStay Management System, HelloWorld Desk, Customer 
Support & Feedback Rating System, Asset Management Tools, 
and an AI-powered chatbot-enable seamless operations and an 
exceptional resident experience.
Key Developments
CORPORATE OVERVIEW
28
NESTA W AY TECHNOLOGIES PRIV ATE LIMITED
NestAway is India’s leading home rental platform, providing well-maintained, affordable residences in prime urban 
neighborhoods. It stands out for delivering a smooth, end-to-end experience for both tenants and property owners. For 
tenants, NestAway offers a stress-free journey from quick onboarding to seamless move-out, along with benefits like 
instant move-ins, full privacy, low security deposits, and zero brokerage. Homeowners benefit from a full spectrum of 
services, including property onboarding, professional management, and streamlined rent collection.  With its tech-
enabled approach and customer-first philosophy, NestAway is redefining rental living, placing convenience, comfort, 
and trust at the forefront.
Key Highlights of  
FY 2024-25
 Key Developments
Our focus on the secondary sale of residential properties, 
enable homeowners and investors to buy and sell with 
greater transparency and speed. This is powered by our 
in-house technology platform, which streamlines listings, 
buyer discovery, and transaction management. Together, 
these initiatives strengthen our market presence and create 
additional value for customers and partners.
 Launched a Dedicated Owner App with dashboards, rental 
statements, and service management.
 Introduced a Resale Platform to boost secondary sales and 
transaction efficiency.
 Built a Blogging CRM and Dynamic Webpage for stronger 
content and SEO.
 Implemented AI-Driven Search with advanced 
recommendation and distance-based features.
 Deployed a Resale CRM to streamline property onboarding 
and lead management.
 Reported revenue of ₹39 crore, registering 19% 
YoY growth compared to the previous financial year.
 Net loss margin improved significantly, narrowing 
from 57% to 28% YoY.
 Customer satisfaction scores rose from 4.1 to 4.4 
across major platforms, reflecting a stronger user 
experience.
 In Secondary Sales, over 300 homes were acquired 
and listed across our website and key platforms 
(Housing.com, 99 acres, etc.); successfully closed 5 
deals to date, while actively building a differentiated 
USP in the resale market.
 Expanded operations to 14,160 managed units, with 
an average occupancy of 71%.
Key Differentiators/
Offerings
Scalable, Recurring Revenue Model - With a SaaS-like 
structure, our annuity-based cashflows from recurring 
monthly commissions ensure predictable, high-margin 
revenues without any minimum guaranteed obligations.
Exclusive, Sticky Ecosystem - Access to exclusive 
inventory, coupled with high tenant and owner 
stickiness, strengthens long-term relationships and 
builds a defensible market position while eliminating 
occupancy risks.
Unique Resale Potential - Beyond property 
management, we are uniquely positioned to unlock 
additional value by facilitating resale of homes under 
management, creating a dual advantage of steady 
cashflow and transactional upside.
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
29
===== PDF PAGE 36 =====
MONK TECH LABS PTE LIMITED
Monk Tech Labs enables real estate businesses to effectively monetize, manage, and maintain their rental portfolios 
through cutting-edge technology platforms. Its primary revenue stream comes f rom software license sales, 
supplemented by value-added services like implementation and customisation.
It was a transformational year for the business which was led by our 
new brand - MonkSpaces.Ai. It signalled our intent to serve every 
asset class in the real estate industry, as well as our focus on Artificial 
Intelligence. 
The business moved towards profitability with growth in KPIs across all 
our domains.
Strategic Advantages and Competitive Strengths
 Early mover in the Real Estate SaaS industry for Asia. 
 Customers include some of Asia’s leading real estate owners and 
property managers.
 Well acknowledged product capabilities with high levels of usage. 
 Product offerings are ready for multiple segments in the industry 
including coliving, serviced apartments, coworking, offices, shopping 
malls, and more.
 Founders with 18 years of combined experience in PropTech.
Key Differentiators/Offerings
Key Developments
 Launched our early suite 
of AI products including 
customer support agent 
(for internal products) 
and started building our 
external AI products 
(Whatsapp agent AI 
launching in FY 2025-26).
 Reduced cost base 
significantly and 
eliminated discretionary 
expenditures.
 EBITDA Margin remained 
constant at (-) 30%.
Key Highlights 
of FY 2024-25
CORPORATE OVERVIEW
30
AURUM ANAL YTICA PRIV ATE LIMITED
Aurum Analytica delivers intelligent, end-to-end solutions purpose-built for the real esta te lifecycle, powered by 
advanced data science and next-generation technology. By harnessing the potential  of AI and machine learning, 
it provides high-impact, future-ready tools that enable smarter, faster decision-making. Its analytics platform 
integrates deep market and operational insights with automation, allowing for precise monitoring of key performance 
indicators and detailed evaluation of operational efficiency and effectiveness.
Key Differentiators/Offerings
Key Highlights 
of FY 2024-25
AUTOMATE LEADS
This AI-powered capability enhances lead generation by delivering 
highly targeted audience recommendations through predictive analytics. 
Leveraging advanced machine learning, it analyses a vast set of proprietary 
data points to identify lookalike audiences, enabling businesses to focus on 
high-potential leads and optimize sales funnel performance.
AGENT CONNECT
A streamlined platform designed for real estate stakeholders, it provides 
verified users with privileged access to data on registered agents within 
defined geographic markets. The solution simplifies agent discovery while 
enhancing local market intelligence for both developers and brokers.
CX SUITE
A custom-developed solution that digitizes site visits, removing the need 
for manual documentation and boosting on-site efficiency. Fully integrated 
with existing CRMs, it also features a robust inventory management module, 
ensuring seamless data synchronization and comprehensive tracking of 
customer interactions.
 Reported revenue of ₹44.56 
crore, almost doubling from 
₹22.77 crore in FY 2023-24, 
marking 96% YoY growth.
 Leads sold grew 102% YoY, 
reflecting strong traction 
in sales and operations.
 Active clients increased 
by over 60% YoY, while 
projects signed recorded 
67% YoY growth.
Geographic Expansion: Expanded footprint into four new geographies - 
Hyderabad, Ahmedabad, Kolkata, and Lucknow.
Strategic Wins & Client Growth: Added several prominent clients during the 
year, including Alphacorp, Evos Group, 4S, Birla Estate, Rustomjee, Adani Realty, 
and ASBL, among others. Successfully closed multiple high-value deals exceeding 
₹1 crore each with leading developers, further strengthening our industry position.
Product & Platform Enhancements: Released DataAsInsights for marketing and 
sales. Launched Data Lake v2.0 and Site Visit Digitization v2.0.
Segment Strength & Positioning: Secured a strong share of builder partnerships 
across leading portals such as Magicbricks, 99acres, and Housing.com. Gained 
strong traction in the luxury and ultra-luxury real estate segments, powered by our 
advanced data analytics platform.
Key Developments
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
31
===== PDF PAGE 37 =====
Sell.do is India’s most trusted and comprehensive end-to-end real estate CRM, designed to transform how developers 
and brokers manage customer relationships. By seamlessly integrating marketing, sales, and customer service into a 
single intuitive platform, it empowers over 1,000+ real estate brands to deliver personalized, data-driven experiences, 
automate workflows, and maximize ROI from every lead-setting new benchmar ks for innovation, efficiency, and 
growth in the sector.
Domain Expertise: Deep focus 
on real estate SaaS gives sharper 
product-market fit compared to 
horizontal CRMs.
Product Differentiation: Strong 
post-sales & inventory modules 
(rare in competitors) + AI-driven 
call & WhatsApp automation.
Customer Stickiness: High 
upgrade momentum, low churn 
esp. in Enterprise.
Technology Edge: Salesforce-
style reporting, security 
certifications, and scalable 
infrastructure.
Sustained Growth & Profitability: Achieved ₹17 crore Sell.Do 
revenue; profitable year with strong EBITDA margins (22-24% 
overall). Generated ₹2 crore free cash flow due to sale of Kylas and 
BeyondWalls.
Sales Momentum: Delivered consistent QoQ growth, with ₹1.5 crore 
new sales in Q4 (+30% QoQ) and successful expansion across key 
metro markets-Mumbai, Bengaluru, Chennai, and Pune.
Product Innovation: Introduced advanced dashboards, marketing ROI 
reports, booking flow upgrades, ISO-27001 security, and AI-powered 
tools (chat, NLP reporting, lead scoring, transcription/translation, AI 
email composer).
Brand & Partnerships: Scaled monthly demos from 90 to 550 with 4x 
ROAS; built partnerships with RealtyNA, Tevatel, and mCube; and won 
multiple awards, including Realty+ 40 Under 40 and Brand of the Year.
Customer Success: Secured ₹11.14 crore in customer upgrades, 
retained large enterprise clients, and delivered digital transformation 
projects such as eKYC and SAP integration.
Operational Excellence: Completed exit from BeyondWalls and 
Kylas, reduced burn pre-sale, optimized vendor management, and 
launched tech upgrades with Flutter mobile and AI.
The strategic realignment sharpened the Company’s focus on its core technology business by exiting service-
led ventures such as BeyondWalls and Kylas, while consolidating around its flagship product, Sell.do. This 
restructuring has created a stronger foundation built on quality revenue streams, improved profitability, disciplined 
cash flow management, and clear scalability potential. Enhanced revenue collections have further optimized 
the working capital cycle, strengthened free cash flow visibility, and enabled a self-sustaining growth model. In 
addition, the realignment has boosted operational efficiency, reflected in a healthier resource-to-revenue ratio and 
a 1.6x increase in technology-focused talent, positioning K2V2 for sustainable, innovation-led growth.
K2V2 TECHNOLOGIES PRIV ATE LIMITED
Strategic Realignment
Key Differentiators/
Offerings
Key Highlights of FY 2024-25
CORPORATE OVERVIEW
32
Key Differentiators/OfferingsKey Highlights of 
FY 2024-25
Integrow Asset Management provides forward-looking, technology-driven investment solutions  spanning 
institutional-grade residential and commercial real estate. With a strong foundation in legal and financial expertise, 
the platform adopts a disciplined, risk-managed approach to ensure timely, successful projec t execution. Every 
investment is guided by strategic foresight and a focus on long-term value crea tion, aiming to deliver consistent, 
high-quality returns for stakeholders while promoting sustainable growth in the real es tate sector. Provide capital 
as a service for various domains of real estate like residential, commercial, co-living, and commer cial by creating 
financial products suitable for investors. 
 Successfully achieved the final close 
of Integrow’s inaugural residential-
focused Alternative Investment Fund 
(AIF) with a total size of ₹ 234.50 crore.
 Entered the real estate wealth 
management space by establishing 
a wholly owned subsidiary, Integrow 
Wealth Management Private Limited.
 Introduced new products aimed 
at facilitating wealth creation by 
transforming real assets namely 
‘AMP Alpha’.
 Applied for and subsequently 
secured approval for an AIF with a 
corpus of ₹ 1,500 crore, dedicated 
to the acquisition of land and the 
development of residential projects.
 Initiated the development of our first 
real estate-focused wallet.
 Partnered with two national 
distributors, leveraging their combined 
AUM of over ₹ 1 lakh crore to 
accelerate capital raising for our AIF 
products.
 Raised funds through issuance/
conversion of OCDs ₹ 30 crore, to 
strengthen financial position.
 Maintained a strong pipeline of deals 
exceeding ₹ 5,000 crore.
Ecosystem: Access to a holistic real estate ecosystem 
spanning planning, execution, and sales, seamlessly 
integrated with cutting-edge PropTech solutions.
Processes: Robust processes, powered by the right people 
and technology, eliminate executive bias and enable 
objective, data-driven investment decisions.
Technology: Advanced analytics form the core of our 
business, driving faster, smarter decisions with a strong 
focus on risk mitigation, security, and enhancing ‘Exit Path 
Attributes’ to generate consistent alpha.
Focus: A dedicated focus on the real estate sector, 
covering every dimension of wealth creation within it.
Business Diversification: A diversified financial services 
platform combining Alternative Investment Funds, 
Wealth Management, and Capital Solutions to deliver 
comprehensive end-to-end offerings, deepen client 
engagement, and sustain leadership in India’s alternative 
investment and real estate finance markets.
INTEGROW ASSET MANAGEMENT 
PRIV ATE LIMITED
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
33
===== PDF PAGE 38 =====
PROPTECH PULSE
PropTech Pulse aspire to be India’s leading knowledge and lead-generation hub for t he real estate and PropTech 
ecosystem, seamlessly bridging the gap between industry insights, services, and technology-driven solutions for all 
stakeholders. We provide credible, data-backed, and actionable real estate intelligence, connect users with trusted 
service partners, and promote the adoption of PropTech innovations through engaging content, intuitive tools, and 
professional certifications.
Content + Services Integration: Unique mix of 
industry insights, tools, and direct service  
lead-generation
Niche Focus: Sole focus on real estate and PropTech 
verticals with tailored audience targeting
SEO Authority: Established organic reach through 
in-house SEO & programmatic scaling
B2B & B2C Audience Reach: Engages 
homebuyers, investors, and service providers alike
Key Differentiators/Offerings
Events Vertical: Over 50 events listed, gaining 
strong traction from PropTech stakeholders.
Certifications: First real estate-focused certification 
launched in partnership with Udemy; new high-
demand courses identified (AI in RealEstate, Digital 
Marketing, Fractional Ownership).
Services Marketplace: Partnerships with Livspace 
and KuberX integrated; onboarding of additional 
service categories underway.
Content Expansion: Introduction of new formats 
(newsletters, carousels) has driven record 
engagement, with newsletter audience at an all-
time high.
Brand Mascot: “Pexo” launched to power creative 
audience engagement campaigns.
Loyalty Program: Design phase completed; rollout 
planned to strengthen user retention.
Digital Reach: Achieved 2M+ monthly impressions 
and a remarkable 7 ,000% increase in social media 
impressions.
Key Highlights of FY 2024-25
CORPORATE OVERVIEW
34
AURUM KUBERX
Aurum KuberX is a next-generation home loan aggregation and SaaS platform that empowers real estate buyers to 
effortlessly search and apply for home loans. It aims to transform the home financing experience with a digital-first, 
integrated approach.
AI-Driven Bank Matching: Smart recommendations to 
improve approval rates.
Comprehensive Loan Suite: Home, Business, Personal, 
LAP, Balance Transfer, and Top-Up loans.
Connector-Centric Model: Attractive incentives (up to 
₹80K/lead) with referral rewards.
Seamless User Experience: Simple registration, 3-step 
lead submission, and fast DigiLocker-based KYC.
Transparency & Control: Real-time tracking, 
MIS reports, and commission dashboards.
Strong Banking Network: 30+ partner 
banks onboarded.
Regional Accessibility: Multilingual support in 
English, Hindi, and Marathi.
Key Differentiators/Offerings
 Crossed 1,000+ app downloads 
and 500+ connectors onboarded.
 Achieved ₹150 crore+ 
disbursements and sourced ₹50 
crore+ leads via the app.
 Onboarded 10+ leading real 
estate developers.
 Launched AI-powered bank 
recommendation system.
 Rolled out major product 
upgrades: loan calculators, 
document upload, rewards & 
referrals, MIS reporting.
 Built a dedicated user support 
desk with in-app help and 
rapid resolution.
 Introduced the KuberX 
WhatsApp Community for 
networking and updates.
Key Highlights of 
FY 2024-25
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
35
===== PDF PAGE 39 =====
Strengthening Communities, 
Elevating Lives.
At Aurum Prop Tech, our commitment to sustainability and social responsibility is 
not merely a philosophy, it is a way of life. Through a diverse portfolio of purpose-
driven initiatives, we strive to create meaningful, measurable impact ac ross 
communities and the environment.
One such initiative is Aurum 
, our dedicated platform for driving incremental yet 
impactful social transformation. We believe that true growth lies in helping others 
grow. This belief is the foundation of IKIGAI, our flagship social impact program, 
which blends financial contributions with active human engagement at the 
grassroots level to uplift marginalized communities.
AURUM 
Beti Bachao Beti Padhao
1 Digital classroom funded
380+ Girls education years provided
97 ,100+ meals served & 25 insulated food 
containers contributed
Nutritious Meals
Medical Interventions
22,000+ interventions provided 
CORPORATE OVERVIEW
36
20,200 trees planted
600+ workers upskilled
21+ million safe man-
hours contributed 
78 cattle adopted
Tree Plantation
Safe Man-Hours
Animal Haven
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
37
===== PDF PAGE 40 =====
Anchored in six core pillars - girls’ education, nutritious meals, medical interventions, tree plantation, safe man hours and 
animal haven, each reflects our continuous  commitment to social equity and environmental stewardship. These pillars 
represent the foundation of a healthier, more inclusive, and sustainable future, one we are proud to help build every day.
AURUM  SEV A FORTNIGHT (ANSF)
At Aurum, we are committed to redefining our approach through passion and diligence, which are the cornerstones of 
our identity. Over the years, we have consistently provided financial support to causes that resonate deeply with us. 
The remarkable success of the first two Aurum  Seva Fortnights is a testament to our team’s continued dedication 
and enthusiasm. These events were not only fulfilling but also enriched our coll ective spirit. The 3 rd Aurum  Seva 
Fortnight, from September 17 to October 2, 2024, marked another significant step forward, enhancing our impact and 
setting even more ambitious goals for the future. With this initiative, we con tinue to transform our commitment into 
meaningful action within the communities we serve.
Now an annual tradition, the Aurum 
 Seva Fortnight empowers our team to give back in innovative, heartfelt, an d 
impactful ways-making a difference, one step at a time. 
3rd
Fortnight
875+
Members
2,600+
Man-hours as a team
CORPORATE OVERVIEW
38
Inspired by the spirit of the government’s ‘Beti Bachao, Beti Padh ao’ campaign, Aurum PropTech is committed to 
empowering underprivileged girls through education. The Company’s initiatives aim to s trengthen educational 
infrastructure and create meaningful learning opportunities, enabling young girls to pursue their aspirations and build 
a better tomorrow.
ANSF 2024
 381  Girls education years 
provided
 1  Digital classroom funded
 1,000  Educational kits 
distributed
 1 UV+UF  Water Filter
 ‘Blow the whistle, Break the 
silence’ campaign to create 
awareness among kids
GIRLS’ EDUCATION
Giving wings to their dreams
Cumulative till July 2025
 480+  Girls education years 
 4  Digital Classroom 
 2,900+  Educational kits 
 1 UV+UF  Water Filter
Target by 2027
 8,000 Girls education years
Cumulative till July 2025
 4,55,400+  Nutritious Meals 
distributed
 25 Insulated food containers
 1  Food Delivery Van to Roti Bank
ANSF 2024
 97 ,100 Nutritious Meals 
distributed 
 25 Insulated food 
containers
Hunger and malnutrition remain significant barriers to sustainable community development.  At Aurum PropTech, we 
take immense pride in our unwavering commitment to this cause. Through meaningful partnerships with organizations 
such as Roti Bank, Girija Welfare Association (Kharghar), Jeevan Sach Social Development Foundation (Kharghar), and 
Saint Shri Sainath School (Airoli) in collaboration with the Annamrita Foundation, we have  had the privilege of serving 
diverse communities. These collaborations have enabled us to create a tangible, positive impact in the lives of those we 
serve, reinforcing our belief that access to nutrition is a fundamental right and a catalyst for lasting social change.
NUTRITIOUS MEALS
Reducing Malnourishment
Target by 2027
  15,00,000 Nutritious Meals 
to be distributed
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
39
===== PDF PAGE 41 =====
At Aurum PropTech, the well-being of our members and the broader community remains our highest priority. Through our 
Medical Interventions initiatives, we reaffirm our steadfast commitment to enhancing health infrastructure, with a focused 
emphasis on marginalized communities. By expanding our outreach and providing dedicated support, we strive to create 
meaningful and lasting improvements in health outcomes. 
Key Contributions
 Provided 50 boxes of medicines, benefiting 8,750 people across 3 villages through the Gram Aarogya Rakshak Prakalp.
 Donated 20 medical beds and equipment to the Rupvan Foundation (NGO) in New Panvel.
 Delivered prescribed medical supplements to 13,000 mothers, expec tant mothers, and children as part of the Basti 
Parivartan Yojana through the Mata Bala Arogya Ahaar Prakalp of RSS Jan Kalyan Samiti. 
 Facilitated dialysis procedures to support 420 patients at RSS Jan akalyan Samiti’s Dr.  Prabhakar Patvardhan 
Hospital, Panvel. 
MEDICAL INTERVENTIONS
Prioritizing good health
Environmental conservation and the preservation of ecological balance are imperative priori ties in today’s world. In 
alignment with this vision, we have launched a strategic initiative on the Aurum campus to plant carefully selected 
tree species known for their superior oxygen-producing properties. This initiative not only contributes to environmental 
protection and sustainability but also serves to raise awareness among our young staff members about the importance 
of ecological stewardship. We actively encourage our guests, staff members, an d stakeholders to participate by 
adopting a tree. Each adopted tree is tagged with a unique QR code, allowing adopters to monitor its health and growth 
through regular updates. Our dedicated team ensures ongoing care for every tree throughout its lifespan, reinforcing our 
collective responsibility towards building a greener, healthier future.
TREE PLANTATION
Planting hope for the future
Cumulative till July 2025
 34,300+  Medical Interventions
 1  Life Saving Ventilator 
 1  Safety Ambulance
Target by 2027
 1,00,000 Medical Intervention
ANSF 2024
 22,190+  
People benefited
Cumulative till July 2025
 92,600  Trees
ANSF 2024
 20,200 Trees Planted
Target by 2027
 5,00,000 Trees
CORPORATE OVERVIEW
40
At Aurum, safeguarding the occupational health and safety of employees and 
on-site workers is the highest priority. The Company is firmly committed t o 
achieving zero accidents and injuries across all project locations. To realize this 
vision, Aurum has implemented robust safety protocols, including mandatory 
use of personal protective equipment (PPE), installation of safety screens , 
comprehensive risk management training, and continuous reviews of health and 
safety practices.
These proactive measures create a secure, well-regulated work environment,  
significantly minimizing the risk of incidents. Aurum’s unwavering focus on 
safety is demonstrated by the achievement of over 21 million safe man-hours , 
underscoring deep commitment to protecting the well-being of its workforce, 
residents, clients, and visitors alike.
Cumulative till July 2025
 24+ Million  safe Man-Hours
Target by 2027
 30 Million  safe Man-Hours
ANSF 2024
 600+ workers  benefited 
through training and 
welfare initiatives
SAFE MAN HOURS
Stay Safe. Stay Responsible.
We are thrilled to introduce our ‘Animal Haven’ initiative, which began with the adoption of a Gaushala in Khalapur. 
Through this initiative, we are committed to ensuring that cows, bulls, and buffaloes receive the nourishment and care 
they deserve. 
We proudly adopted the Aurum 
 Gaushala, home to 78 animals at the Kalote Animal Trust in Khalapur. This facility 
provides a safe and nurturing environment, allowing these animals to live healthy and fulfilling lives.
Witnessing the harmony and vitality of the animals serves as a powerful reminder of the profound impact we can make 
through kindness and support.
ANIMAL HA VEN
Nourishing and Cherishing lives
Cumulative till July 2025
 78 cattle  adopted
ANSF 2024
 78 cattle  adopted
Target by 2027
 1,000+ cattle
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
41
===== PDF PAGE 42 =====
Mr. Vasant Gujarathi 
Independent Director
Mr. Vasant Gujarathi holds a bachelor’s degree in commerce (hons) and is 
a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. With over 38 
years of post-qualification experience, he has had a distinguished career 
at PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC), where he worked with some of the 
largest multinational companies in India.
He joined M/s. Lovelock & Lewes, Chartered Accountants, in August 
1976, initially a member firm of Coopers & Lybrand International and 
later a part of PwC. Mr. Gujarathi was a Partner at PwC India for 22 years 
(1991-2013), leading the assurance and business advisory services group 
and representing PwC India on the Global Committee for ‘The Industrial 
Products Industry. ’
His extensive expertise includes audit, financial systems, operations, risk 
management, regulatory compliance, internal audit services, IT strategy 
implementation, talent management, corporate governance review, and 
ethics assessment and programme development.
Mr. Ajit Joshi
Independent Director
Mr. Ajit Joshi is a seasoned global business leader with over 37 years of 
experience across Indian and international markets. His diverse background 
spans agriculture, technology, media, renewable energy, manufacturing, 
healthcare, chemicals, and textiles. He has held directorships on multiple 
Company Boards and has a proven track record in managing various 
revenue models and executing numerous M&A deals.
Notably, he assisted an Austrian Company in establishing a presence 
in India’s smart card sector. After 20 years in corporate roles, Mr. Joshi 
transitioned to entrepreneurship, successfully launching and growing two 
start-ups over a decade with funding from Sequoia, Intel, Norwest, and 
others. He has also established and managed ventures in Dubai, Jordan, 
and Indonesia, achieving significant valuations and successful exits for 
investors and stakeholders.
Currently, he consults for numerous companies and start-ups in India and 
New Zealand, mentors and advises global businesses, and serves as an 
advisor for a Canadian Venture Capital Fund.
Board of Directors
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
CORPORATE OVERVIEW
42
Dr. Padma Deosthali 
Independent Director
Dr. Padma holds a Master’s degree in Social Work (MSW) and a PhD 
from the Tata Institute of Social Sciences (2017). With over 23 years of 
experience, she has collaborated with UNFPA, UNDP, and WHO on various 
projects while actively contributing to initiatives in India.
She served as Director of the Center for Health and Allied Themes 
(CEHAT), a non-profit focused on health and human rights, for 11 years. 
Under her leadership, CEHAT produced influential research and shaped 
policy and practice. Her work has centered on gender-based violence, 
gender in medical education, and health and human rights, with significant 
contributions to developing health system models to address Violence 
Against Women (VAW).
Dr. Padma has co-authored a study on the medico-legal aspects of 
custodial deaths and developed guidelines for examining individuals 
in custody and conducting postmortems. She currently serves as the 
Program Director for Sexual and Reproductive Health at CREA, a global 
feminist organization.
Mr. Ashish Deora
Non-Executive Director
Mr. Ashish Deora is a first-generation entrepreneur. Over the last three 
decades, he has built several businesses and created value in multiple 
industries including mining, telecom, aviation, renewable energy, 
RealEstate and PropTech. He is a firm believer of technology, innovation 
and entrepreneurship. 
He is the founder of Aurum Ventures, the parent company of Aurum 
PropTech (striving to build the largest integrated property technology 
ecosystem in India) and Aurum RealEstate (engaged in real estate 
development in the MMR region). He has laid foundation for Aurum 
 to 
give impetus to the philanthropic initiatives of Aurum. 
A proud alumnus of Harvard Business School, he has a proven track record 
of strategic investments in businesses across the Asia-Pacific, Africa and 
South America and successful exits to global capital allocators.
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
43
===== PDF PAGE 43 =====
Mr. Srirang Athalye 
Non-Executive Director
Mr. Srirang Athalye has a distinguished 37-year career spanning across 
entrepreneurial, industry, and consulting roles. He holds a bachelor’s 
degree in commerce and a master’s degree in management studies 
from Mumbai University and is an alumnus of Somaiya Institute of 
Management  Studies.
As the Group President of Aurum Ventures and a Non-Executive Director at 
Aurum PropTech Limited, Mr. Athalye has significantly impacted mergers 
and acquisitions in sectors including manufacturing, infrastructure, 
telecommunications, consulting, and real estate. He is renowned for his use 
of Creative Problem Solving (CPS) and Innovation-Systematic Inventive 
Thinking (SIT) methodologies to enhance organizational performance.
In 2021, he was honored as the Vice Chairman of Export Promotion Council 
for EOU and SEZ (EPCES) for his exceptional expertise. His career includes 
notable roles with companies such as Bombay Dyeing & Mfg. Co. Limited, 
International Wool Secretariat, JT Mobiles, Mafatlal Industries Limited, 
Tasty Bites Eatables Limited, Exatt Technologies, SFK A&G Investment 
Banking, and Banyan Infrastructure.
In addition to his professional achievements, he actively leads philanthropic 
initiatives at Aurum and serves as a trustee of the Shanta Durga Charitable 
Trust, contributing to his family’s philanthropic endeavours.
Mr. Ramashrya Yadav 
Non-Executive Director
Mr. Ramashrya Yadav, an alumnus of Harvard Business School, is a 
prominent figure in India’s real estate industry, driven by a passion for 
transformative change. With over 26 years of experience spanning 
construction, real estate, banking, and investment, he has successfully 
launched several businesses from the ground up.
Mr. Yadav’s approach emphasizes achieving significant impact through a 
series of incremental steps that culminate in substantial progress. Prior to 
founding Intergrow Asset Management, India’s first real estate-focused 
asset management firm, he served as the CEO of Real Estate Advisory 
Practice at Edelweiss Financial Services Limited. He also led Orbit 
Corporation as CEO, a renowned real estate brand in the premium sector 
of South Mumbai.
CORPORATE OVERVIEW
44
Mr. Onkar Shetye 
Executive Whole-Time Director
Mr. Onkar Shetye, an alumnus of IIM Ahmedabad and a master’s graduate 
from a prestigious Russel Group university in the UK, brings 18 years of 
diverse experience across sectors such as energy, real estate, mineral 
exploration, and information technology. His career spans India, Europe, 
and Africa, where he has led strategic and transformational initiatives.
With a robust skill set, Mr. Shetye excels in validating, catalysing,  and 
scaling new ventures by refining competitive strategies, business pl ans, 
and go-to-market approaches. In his current role, he oversees strateg y, 
operations, revenue management, and business development, successfully 
managing multifunctional teams and ensuring projects are completed on 
time and within budget.
Since joining Aurum Ventures Group in 2012, Mr. Shetye has served as 
Chief Revenue Officer, managing commercial leasing and sales portfolios, 
and as Chief Operating Officer of Aurum’s asset management division.
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
45
===== PDF PAGE 44 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
ECONOMIC LANDSCAPE
Global Economic Landscape
The global economic environment during 2024 and into 
2025 remains marked by moderate but  uneven growth, 
ongoing geopolitical uncertainty, and a gradual easing 
of inflationary pressures. The global economy expanded 
at a modest pace of 3.3%, reflecting a phase of relative 
stability, albeit with restrained momentum. As 2025 
progresses, the global economic outlook is being shaped 
by a significant shift in policy direction across nations, 
driven by countries adjusting their policy stances 
in response to escalating geopolitical tensions and 
growing macroeconomic pressures. AI is emerging as the 
next key driver of global economic growth, transforming 
how we work, live, and innovate. It has the potential to 
enhance productivity, foster healthy competition, build 
resilience, and support sustained long-term growth.
Global tariff levels have reached their highest point 
in decades, amplifying concerns around global trade 
flows, supply chain efficiency, and overall economic 
momentum.
Growth across advanced economies is projected to 
remain modest, with overall expansion expected at 1.4% 
in 2025. The United States is anticipated to grow at 1.8%, 
while the Euro Area is likely to lag, with growth forecast 
at approximately 0.8%. In comparison, emerging 
markets and developing economies (EMDEs) are facing 
a moderation in growth, with projections easing to 3.7% 
in 2025, followed by a slight uptick to 3.9% in 2026.
Among EMDEs, economies directly affected by the 
evolving global trade regime—including China—have 
seen meaningful downward revisions to their near-
term outlooks, reflecting the combined impact of tariff 
escalations, weakened external demand, and domestic 
structural challenges.
GDP growth projections     (in %)
 2024 2025 
(Estimated)
2026 
(Projected)
Global Economy 3.3 2.8 3.0
Advanced 
Economies
1.8 1.4 1.5
Emerging Markets 
and Developing 
Economies
4.3 3.7 3.9
(Source: World Economic Outlook, April 2025)
Indian Economic Landscape
India is set to retain its position as the world’s 
fastest-growing major economy, reinforcing 
its expanding influence in the global 
economic arena.
According to the IMF’s April 2025 World Economic 
Outlook (WEO), the Indian economy is expected to 
grow by 6.5% in 2024-25, highlighting India’s continued 
strength amid a subdued international climate. This 
sustained growth is underpinned by a blend of strategic 
policy reforms, rapid digital adoption, and ongoing 
infrastructure development, all of which have bolstered 
the country’s economic fundamentals. 
Strong domestic consumption and a revival in private 
investment have further propelled growth across key 
sectors. As of June 2025, the RBI adopted a more 
accommodative monetary policy stance, reducing the 
repo rate by a cumulative 50 basis points. These carefully 
timed rate reductions aim to strike a balance between 
managing inflationary pressures and stimulating credit 
expansion and capital investment. 
India’s external sector has also shown notable 
resilience, with total exports rising nearly 6% year-on-
year. Services exports, in particular, have emerged as a 
significant growth driver, cementing India’s status as a 
global leader in services trade.
Collectively, these interconnected developments, including 
rising consumption, employment growth, accelerated 
infrastructure policy continuity, and trade diversification 
have established a robust foundation for sustained 
economic expansion. India’s ability to navigate global 
volatility while deepening its domestic transformation 
underscores its growing economic resilience and strategic 
readiness to capitalize on future opportunities.
Driving India’s Digital Evolution 
India’s digital ecosystem is evolving rapidly, fueled 
by the convergence of the IT and real estate sectors. 
This intersection is driving a fundamental shift in 
economic activity, with advanced technologies like AI, 
IoT , and blockchain playing a crucial role in reshaping 
infrastructure, governance, and service delivery. 
The emergence of smart buildings, hyperscale data 
centers, and digital property platforms is facilitating 
MANAGEMENT REVIEW
46
the development of intelligent, interconnected 
environments—highlighting the transformative impact 
of technology across industries.
With over 1.35 billion Aadhaar enrollments, more than 
20 billion daily UPI transactions, and 9,00,000+ km 
of optical fiber laid under BharatNet, the Digital India 
mission has advanced from basic connectivity to 
robust digital infrastructure. Flagship initiatives like 
IndiaStack, Digital Locker, e-Sign, MeghRaj, and IndiaAI 
are enabling scalable, secure, and inclusive digital 
services, supporting over 11 billion UPI transactions 
monthly and driving AI-led governance and digitization 
of land records to enhance transparency.
In the real estate sector, this digital backbone accelerates 
the adoption of PropTech ecosystems, streamlining 
approval processes, and promoting data-driven urban 
planning. Digital India continues to be a critical enabler, 
transforming the way public and private services are 
delivered, accessed, and experienced across sectors. 
The Union Budget 2025-26 reinforces India’s digital 
ambitions through targeted investments in innovation, 
infrastructure and data governance. Allocation of 
₹20,000 Crore for deep-tech R&D, along with a new Fund 
of Funds to boost startups. The National Broadband 
Mission aims to deliver 100 Mbps connectivity to 2.7 lakh 
villages by 2030.
Key initiatives include the rollout of Bharat Trade Net to 
digitize trade documentation, an Urban Challenge Fund 
to drive city-level digital transformation, and over 50,000 
Atal Tinkering Labs to promote digital skills in schools.
The Digital Personal Data Protection (DPDP) Act 
introduces consent-based data sharing and individual 
rights, expected to enhance digital trust across sectors 
like AI, fintech, and e-governance.
Together, these steps advance India toward a secure, 
inclusive, and innovation-led digital economy.
INDUSTRY LANDSCAPE AND OUTLOOK
Global PropTech Industry Review
The global PropTech market was valued at approximately 
USD 41.78 billion in 2024 and is projected to reach around 
USD 140.67 billion by 2034, growing at a robust CAGR of 
11.8% between 2025 and 2034. At the core of this growth 
trajectory is the accelerating digital transformation 
across the sector, alongside rising demand for smart 
building solutions that improve energy efficiency, 
operational transparency, and tenant experience.
In early 2025, investor confidence remained steady, 
supported by improved public market sentiment, 
stronger software deal activity, and more accessible 
credit conditions. As regulatory environments 
become increasingly favorable to innovation and 
entrepreneurship, capital flows are expected to increase 
further, unlocking new growth opportunities across 
markets.
Additionally, technological breakthroughs in AI, 
machine learning, big data analytics, and blockchain are 
powering the next generation of PropTech innovations. 
These technologies are reshaping legacy real estate 
models, enabling real-time decision-making, predictive 
maintenance, intelligent automation, and enhanced 
customer personalization. The rising focus on ESG 
compliance, remote asset oversight, and data-led 
operational efficiency is also accelerating PropTech 
adoption. Collectively, these shifts are redefining how 
real estate is developed, transacted, and managed, 
driving long-term growth in the global PropTech market.
Indian PropTech Industry Review
India’s PropTech sector is witnessing unprecedented 
growth, fueled by macroeconomic shifts, rapid 
urbanization, and technological innovation. Escalating 
property prices and the rising demand for affordable, 
adaptable housing formats, such as co-living, student 
accommodations, and multi-generational rentals, are 
prompting a consumer shift toward rental models 
rather than traditional ownership. This, in turn, is 
fueling demand for technology-led platforms that offer 
convenience, transparency, and efficiency through 
features like digital leasing, virtual tours, and online 
property management. There is also growing momentum 
around alternative investment vehicles such as SM-
REITs and AI-enabled real estate platforms, enabling 
both retail and institutional investors to access property 
markets in more flexible and data-driven ways.
At the policy level, initiatives like Digital India and RERA 
reforms are fostering transparency and encouraging 
PropTech innovation. As user expectations evolve 
toward fully digital, seamless service journeys, from 
property discovery and rental workflows to post-sales 
Management Discussion & Analysis (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
47
===== PDF PAGE 45 =====
engagement, PropTech firms are leveraging advanced 
tools including AI, machine learning, and blockchain to 
meet these demands. These macro trends collectively 
present a strong opportunity for growth and disruption, 
positioning PropTech as a key enabler of efficiency, 
affordability, and innovation in India’s evolving real 
estate ecosystem.
With growing adoption of smart technologies, the 
sector is streamlining property transactions, enhancing 
user experiences, and improving operational efficiency 
across the real estate value chain. Innovative ownership 
models such as fractional real estate and SM-REITs are 
broadening access to property investments, making real 
estate more inclusive and transparent for a wider range 
of stakeholders.
Looking ahead, PropTech is expected to play a defining 
role in shaping a more agile, scalable, and consumer-
centric real estate ecosystem. The integration of AI, 
blockchain, and immersive digital tools is poised to 
deliver operational breakthroughs and unlock new 
service models, catering to both end-users and investors. 
With projections suggesting the sector could scale into 
a USD 100 billion  by 2030, India’s PropTech landscape is 
not just evolving, it is setting the foundation for the next 
era of smart, data-driven, and sustainable real estate.
Key Technology Enablers Shaping PropTech in 2025
As global economic forces continue to influence real 
estate innovation, the following eight technology 
solutions are set to drive the next phase of PropTech 
development, adoption, and investment in 2025:
· Digital Transactions
 Advanced digital platforms are unlocking 
efficiencies across property transactions by 
leveraging blockchain and end-to-end digital 
processes, making financing and deal closures 
faster and more transparent.
· Smart Buildings
 Powered by IoT and middleware technologies, smart 
buildings are enabling real-time data collection for 
energy usage, occupancy analytics, and predictive 
maintenance, optimizing building performance and 
user comfort.
· Immersive Experience Technology
 Technologies such as Virtual Reality (VR), 
Augmented Reality (AR), and haptic interfaces 
are reshaping property walkthroughs, design 
visualization, and real estate retail, offering 
interactive and immersive user experiences.
· Tenant Engagement Technology
 New digital platforms are elevating tenant 
engagement by integrating community-centric 
features like social apps, flexible workspace tools, 
subscription models, and curated F&B services, 
creating more connected living and working spaces.
· Robotics
 Robotic systems and automation technologies are 
being introduced to enhance speed, safety, and 
efficiency across construction sites, real-time 
security monitoring, predictive maintenance, and 
efficient hospitality service delivery in real estate 
environments.
· Sustainable Construction Materials
 Contemporary construction practices are increasingly 
incorporating environmentally sustainable materials 
such as engineered bamboo, low-carbon concrete, 
and reclaimed wood, helping to significantly reduce 
environmental impact and promote responsible 
building practices.
· Artificial Intelligence (AI) & Machine Learning (ML)
 AI and ML are revolutionizing real estate through 
powerful analytics, supporting market intelligence 
and building operations. By turning real-time 
operational and market data into predictive insights, 
they enable smarter, faster decision-making.
· ESG Reporting Systems
 Purpose-built platforms are increasingly being 
integrated with Building Management Systems 
(BMS) to automate the monitoring, analysis, and 
reporting of ESG metrics, supporting sustainability 
goals and regulatory compliance.
Management Discussion & Analysis (Contd.)
MANAGEMENT REVIEW
48
Indian Real Estate Industry Review
India’s real estate sector is on the cusp of transformational 
growth, projected to expand from USD 482 billion in 
2024  to a USD 1 trillion market by 2030. This surge is 
driven by rapid urbanization, growing digital adoption, 
and a shift toward tech-first consumer engagement. As 
a result, technology-led solutions in rental, distribution, 
and capital financing are gaining unprecedented traction 
across the industry.
With urban population projected to reach 680 million 
by 2047 , the country will need over 230 million new 
housing units. Simultaneously, 75% of homebuyers 
now use digital platforms, and 50% take virtual tours—
highlighting a clear move toward digital real estate 
experiences.
Rental housing demand is rising sharply, especially 
in co-living, student, and family segments, requiring 
over 20 million units. In sales and marketing, nearly 
70% of spending now goes to digital channels, while 
CRM adoption is reshaping how leads are managed. On 
the capital side, demand for 1.7 billion sq. ft. of office 
space by 2034 is accelerating the role of PropTech in 
investment and asset management.
In 2024, real estate firms raised approximately ₹23,703 
Crore via QIPs and IPOs, reflecting strong investor 
confidence. With continued institutional interest and 
a pipeline of public listings—particularly from flexible 
workspace operators—capital markets are expected to 
remain active into 2025.
Together, these trends signal a shift toward a more 
digital, data-driven, and consumer-centric real estate 
ecosystem.
COMPANY OVERVIEW
Aurum PropTech is reimagining real estate for a digital-
first world. Emerging from the strategic transformation 
of Majesco Limited and acquired by Aurum Ventures in 
2021, the Company has evolved into India’s leading listed 
PropTech platform, offering a full-stack ecosystem. 
Anchored in innovation and driven by purpose, the 
Company seamlessly integrates technology with real 
estate to offer solutions that span the entire property 
lifecycle from discovery and rentals to investments and 
asset management.
Aurum PropTech operates India’s only fully integrated 
technology ecosystem spanning the entire real estate 
value chain. Serving both consumers and businesses, 
the Company offers a comprehensive suite of C2C, B2C, 
and B2B products, platforms, and services. Operating 
under a three-pronged strategy: Rental, Distribution, 
and Capital - Aurum PropTech is building a unified digital 
infrastructure that to empower property seekers, owners, 
developers, and investors to make smarter, data-driven 
decisions. Through a series of strategic acquisitions and 
platform integration, the Company has curated a robust 
portfolio of innovative solutions that includes NestAway 
(rental housing), HelloWorld (co-living), Sell.do (real 
estate CRM), HouseMonk, KuberX and AMSA Investment 
SM- REIT . Together, these solutions create a connected 
ecosystem that addresses deep-rooted inefficiencies 
in a traditionally fragmented industry—unlocking value 
across every stage of the real estate journey. 
Aurum PropTech holds the distinction of being India’s 
first publicly listed Company in the PropTech space. 
The Company’s integrated ecosystem spans over 15 
products, catering to 25,000 active customers, 30,800+ 
beds under management  Rental units capacity. The 
company is supported by a robust network 840+ 
real estate developer relations. Aurum PropTech has 
established its footprint across 15 cities in India.
At the heart of Aurum PropTech’s offering lies a deep 
commitment to technology. With robust architecture 
built on AI, ML, and big data, the Company is deploying 
tools like automated valuation models, sentiment 
analysis, geospatial mapping, and AR/VR visualisation 
to elevate customer experience and decision-making. 
Its digital platforms are purpose-built to strengthen the 
real estate ecosystem by connecting key stakeholders, 
streamlining workflows, and enabling a more 
transparent, efficient, and trusted value chain through 
intelligent automation and actionable data insights. 
The Company’s strong performance is visible in both its 
financial growth and its expanding operational scale. 
Guided by a clear objective to democratize access 
and unlock value across the real estate ecosystem, 
the Company is shaping a more inclusive, transparent 
and efficient sector by enabling collaboration, trust 
and scalable innovation. With initiatives such as the 
India PropTech Summit, Aurum PropTech continues to 
lead the industry’s digital transformation, setting new 
benchmarks for how real estate is consumed, managed, 
and monetized.
Management Discussion & Analysis (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
49
===== PDF PAGE 46 =====
BUSINESS OVERVIEW
Aurum PropTech commands a dominant 
position in India’s PropTech landscape.  
Anchored in the three core pillars of Rental, 
Distribution and Capital, the Company 
has positioned itself as a category leader, 
advancing innovation and seamless 
integration across the real estate value chain.
Its future-focused strategy aims to fast-track the 
sector’s digital evolution, laying the groundwork for the 
next wave of India’s PropTech revolution. 
RENTAL BUSINESS SEGMENT
India’s urban rental housing market represents a vast, 
underserved opportunity, with over 2 Crore rental 
consumers comprising students, young professionals, 
and urban families actively seeking accommodation. 
Despite this strong demand, the organized rental supply 
remains limited to just 8 lakh units, reflecting a 25-fold 
mismatch between demand and availability. This gap is 
most pronounced in high-growth urban centers such 
as NCR, MMR, Bengaluru, Hyderabad, Chennai, and 
Pune, highlighting the pressing need for scalable, tech-
enabled solutions across co-living and family rental 
segments.
Aurum PropTech’s rental business spanning 
student housing, co-living, family rentals, 
and rental management software, continued 
to scale effectively, now managing 30,800  
rental units across 15 cities maintaining an 
overall occupancy  of 77%.
NestAway reinforced its position as India’s largest 
technology-enabled rental marketplace, registering 
a 29% year-on-year growth  in total income in  
FY 2024-25. NestAway Lite achieved record booking 
volumes, increased revenue from value-added services, 
and successfully entered the resale segment, expanding 
its platform offerings. 
HelloWorld, the Company’s co-living offering, delivered 
120% growth in short-stay bookings in FY 2024–25, with 
Monthly Recurring Revenue (MRR) reaching ₹ 40 lakh. 
The brand also expanded into three new micro-markets 
- Ahmedabad, Chennai and Goa, and significantly 
enhanced its customer experience by reducing query 
resolution turnaround by 80%. 
DISTRIBUTION BUSINESS SEGMENT
The Distribution segment comprising Aurum PropTech’s 
data analytics, lead generation, marketing automation, 
and sales automation platforms, continued to power the 
digital transformation journey of real estate enterprises 
in FY 2024-25. The Company’s core technology 
businesses, Sell.do and Aurum Analytica, delivered a 
combined 90% year-on-year growth in income with 
a healthy net margin of 14%, underscoring strong 
profitability. 
Aurum Analytica sustained its momentum 
in FY 2024–25, recording a 95% increase in 
revenue, driven by deeper client penetration, 
high retention rates, and successful 
geographic expansion into Ahmedabad and 
Hyderabad, along with new market launches 
in Kolkata and Lucknow. 
During the year, it signed up over 100 new projects, 
further strengthening its market presence. The platform 
now serves over 250 micro-markets nationwide through 
its Data Lake solution, enabling data-driven decision-
making for real estate developers and marketers. 
Regional performance surpassed targets, with the 
West achieving 120%, South 109%, and North 105%, of 
their revenue goals—highlighting the effectiveness of 
its localized strategies. In recognition of its continued 
growth and innovation, Aurum Analytica was honored as 
Times Realty’s PropTech Company of the Year. 
Sell.do advanced its technology leadership by launching 
several AI-driven innovations during the year, including 
conversational reporting via AI-assisted chats, natural 
language–based report generation, and an integrated 
WhatsApp feature via Meta to streamline communication 
and enhance client engagement. 
Management Discussion & Analysis (Contd.)
MANAGEMENT REVIEW
50
CAPITAL BUSINESS SEGMENT
The Company’s Capital business continued to advance 
its objective of transforming real estate investment 
through technology and regulatory foresight. 
Strengthening the operational foundation, Integrow, a 
core pillar of the Capital segment, achieved ISO 9001, 
ISO 27001, and ISO 22301 certifications, strengthening 
its credentials in quality management, information 
security, and business continuity. These certifications 
reinforce Aurum PropTech’s focus on governance and 
operational excellence as it builds India’s most trusted 
PropTech-led capital platform. 
GOVERNANCE, RISK AND COMPLIANCE
At the core of Aurum PropTech’s philosophy lies a 
continuous commitment to Governance, Risk, and 
Compliance (GRC), forming the foundation for responsible 
decision-making and long-term value creation. Anchored 
in integrity, the Company navigates complexities with 
a disciplined approach, always striving to exceed 
stakeholder expectations through transparency and 
accountability.
As the GRC framework continues to evolve, Aurum 
PropTech remains focused on embedding its principles 
more deeply across the Company. The Company’s values, 
transparency, empowerment, agility, focus, diligence, 
passion, and mutual care, serve as guiding principles 
that collectively drive ethical conduct, operational 
excellence, and resilient performance.
To institutionalize GRC, each of its three pillars is 
stewarded by a senior leadership owner, ensuring 
ownership, strategic alignment, and consistent oversight. 
Management Discussion & Analysis (Contd.)
In a major regulatory milestone, Aurum 
PropTech receives a SEBI registration 
certificate for a Small and Medium Real 
Estate Investment Trust (SM REIT) under 
the name “AMSA SM REIT Investment Trust” 
(‘AMSA ’). 
With this approval, AMSA aims to democratize access 
to institutional-grade real estate investments for retail 
investors across India. Backed by Aurum’s integrated 
ecosystem and sectoral expertise, AMSA is poised to 
set new benchmarks in transparency, governance, and 
investor experience.
Segment wise performance:   
(` in Crore)
FY 25 FY 24 % change
Revenue
Rental 168.62 132.89 26.89
Distribution 79.28 74.44 6.50
Capital 15.94 6.72 137 .12
Total 263.84 214.05  
FY 25 FY 24 % change
Results
Rental (14.54) (17 .66) 17 .67
Distribution 11.01 (6.17) 278.41
Capital (7 .39) (14.72) 49.82
Total (10.91) (38.55)  
For more details refer page  28-35
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
51
===== PDF PAGE 47 =====
This leadership-led model reinforces Aurum PropTech’s 
commitment to strong governance structures, proactive 
risk management, and a culture rooted in compliance.
The GRC framework is holistically integrated across the 
Company’s five capital domains, intellectual, financial, 
human, social, and natural, ensuring that responsible 
practices are embedded in every layer of enterprise 
value creation.
· Intellectual Capital
· Human Capital
· Social and Brand Capital
· Ecosystem Capital
· Financial Capital
Intellectual Capital
In a sector defined by rapid disruption and digital 
transformation, Aurum PropTech views Intellectual 
Property (IP) not merely as a legal safeguard but as a core 
strategic asset, integral to shaping the trajectory of real 
estate innovation. As a Company built at the intersection 
of innovation and real estate, Aurum actively invests in 
the creation, protection, and evolution of proprietary 
technologies, platforms, and processes that define its 
competitive edge.
Aurum PropTech is the proud owner of the registered 
brand ‘PropTech’, underscoring its early commitment 
and thought leadership in this domain. The Company’s 
IP strategy extends beyond brand defense; it reflects 
a long-term vision to drive sustainable value through 
differentiated, market-relevant solutions.
In an environment where ideas are currency, 
the Company’s approach is rooted in proactive 
IP management, constant innovation, and agile 
technological adoption. This includes fostering a culture 
where innovation is systemically embedded, and every 
new product or platform is engineered to be defensible, 
scalable, and future-ready. By leveraging its IP portfolio 
as a driver of strategic growth and staying ahead of 
the curve in emerging technologies, Aurum PropTech is 
helping define the evolution of PropTech. This sustained 
focus on intellectual capital ensures the Company’s 
continued relevance, resilience, and market leadership 
in an increasingly digital real estate landscape.
For more details refer page 21
Human Capital
People are at the core of Aurum PropTech’s purpose 
and progress. The Company’s human capital, its people, 
practices, and culture is not only foundational to daily 
operations but also pivotal in shaping long-term, 
responsible growth. Aurum PropTech views its workforce 
as a strategic asset that drives innovation, upholds 
ethical governance, manages risk with foresight, and 
sustains its competitive edge in an evolving PropTech 
landscape.
Over the past year, the Company’s talent base has 
expanded significantly from a founding team of just five 
to a group-wide strength of over 686 professionals. This 
growth represents more than numerical scale; it reflects 
the Company’s ability to attract, develop, and retain 
high-performing talent aligned with its mission. Aurum 
PropTech’s commitment to diversity and inclusivity 
continues to guide the creation of a workplace where 
every individual feels seen, supported, and inspired to 
reach their full potential.
To deepen collaboration and align talent with strategic 
goals, Aurum PropTech launched the ‘Culture and Domain’ 
initiative, a company-wide program aimed at fostering 
cross-functional cohesion, enhancing domain depth, 
and embedding a culture of shared accountability. This 
initiative reinforces the Company’s belief that culture is 
not incidental to performance, but essential to it.
Complementing this is Aurum Uni, the Company’s 
integrated learning and development platform, designed 
to instill core values, elevate competencies, and prepare 
future leaders. With personalised learning paths, role-
based upskilling, and values-based training, Aurum Uni 
ensures that employees grow not only in capability, 
but also in character. Together, these initiatives reflect 
Aurum PropTech’s conviction that empowering people is 
key to building sustainable, high-impact organizations. 
As it continues to grow, the Company remains deeply 
invested in cultivating a workplace where talent, 
technology, and purpose converge to shape the future 
of PropTech.
For more details refer page 22
Social and Brand Capital
Customer-centricity is deeply embedded in Aurum’s 
operating model, shaping its strategy, structure, and 
solutions. The Company is committed to delivering 
exceptional value by aligning innovation with customer 
Management Discussion & Analysis (Contd.)
MANAGEMENT REVIEW
52
needs and ensuring that every touchpoint enhances the 
user experience. This unwavering focus on the end-user 
fuels ongoing product refinement and fosters enduring 
loyalty across the Company’s platform ecosystem.
Aurum’s commitment to value creation extends beyond 
business to social impact. Through its flagship IKIGAI 
initiative, the Company contributes meaningfully 
to grassroots development via six core pillars: Tree 
Plantation, Animal Haven, Nutritious Meals, Safe Man 
Hours, Girls’ Education, and Medical Interventions. 
By embedding social, environmental, and ethical 
considerations into its governance practices, Aurum 
reinforces its belief that sustainable success is built on 
shared progress and purpose-driven action.
For more details refer page 23
Ecosystem Capital
At Aurum, transparency and trust are not just 
foundational values, they are key drivers of innovation, 
collaboration, and sustained impact. The Company 
has consciously cultivated a culture where purpose 
meets passion, and where bold ideas are encouraged to 
thrive. This culture fuels internal transformation while 
positioning Aurum as a catalyst for change across the 
broader PropTech ecosystem.
The Comapny had organised Aurum PropTech Summit 
2024 which brings together industry leaders, innovators, 
and investors to explore the transformative power of 
technology in real estate. This premier event focuses 
on the latest trends and advancements in property 
technology, showcasing how digital solutions are 
reshaping real estate development, investment, and 
management.
As a thought leader and ecosystem builder, Aurum 
champions several pioneering initiatives to accelerate 
the evolution of real estate through technology. The 
Aurum Entrepreneurs’ Forum has emerged as a dynamic 
platform that convenes innovators, founders, and 
change-makers to share insights, collaborate, and co-
develop solutions for a connected PropTech future. 
Complementing this is the Entrepreneurs in Residence 
Programme, which nurtures high-potential ventures 
by providing them access to Aurum’s infrastructure, 
expertise, and strategic guidance. Through these efforts, 
Aurum is helping shape a next-generation ecosystem 
designed to transform the real estate sector.
For more details refer page 24
Financial Capital
Aurum places strong emphasis on disciplined financial 
capital management, with a clear focus on liquidity, 
profitability, and sustainable growth. The Company 
has built a resilient financial framework that ensures 
stability while enabling strategic expansion across its 
businesses. By maintaining a prudent balance between 
operational efficiency and long-term value creation, 
Aurum drives consistent performance and future-
ready growth. This approach reinforces its commitment 
to financial strength as a foundation for sustained 
innovation and ecosystem leadership.
For more details refer page 25
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Financial highlights: Consolidated
Revenue from operations increased by 23.26%, from 
₹214.05 Crore in FY24 to ₹263.84 Crore in FY25.
Employee costs were also well managed, with the 
percentage to Revenue from operations decreasing 
from 41.18% in FY24 to 29.79% in FY25.
Depreciation and amortization expense increased by 
13.58%, from ₹72.51 Crore in FY24 to ₹82.36 Crore in 
FY25, mainly on increase in the right of use assets in the 
Rental segment of business.
Other operating expenses increased by 25.52%, from 
₹76.83 Crore in FY24 to ₹96.44 Crore in FY25, mainly 
due to an increase in repairs and maintenance expenses 
in the Rental segment and advertisement and publicity 
expense in the Distribution segment.
Selling and distribution expense decreased by 31.53%, 
from ₹22.36 Crore in FY24 to ₹15.31 Crore in FY25, 
mainly due to reduction of advertisement and publicity 
expense in the Distribution segment.
Other expenses increased by 16.43%, from ₹23.62 Crore 
in FY24 to ₹27 .50 Crore in FY25, mainly due to onetime 
expense on assets written off expenses in the Rental 
segment.
Finance costs increased by 12.55%, from ₹25.97 Crore in 
FY24 to ₹29.23 Crore in FY25, mainly on increase in the 
right of use assets in the Rental segment of business.
Loss before tax as a ratio to Total income decreased from 
33.38% in FY24 to 15.60% in FY25. This improvement 
is contributed by revenue from operations, offset by 
increased expenses.
Management Discussion & Analysis (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
53
===== PDF PAGE 48 =====
Table 3: Standalone abridged Profit and Loss statement  
(₹ Crore )
FY 25 FY 24
Revenue from operations 12.21 10.79
Other income 21.76 14.33
Employee benefit expense 9.12 12.97
Depreciation and amortization expense 6.60 7 .95
Repairs and maintenance - buildings 1.47 1.18
Electricity 1.72 2.08
Rates and taxes 0.54 0.47
Professional fees 0.43 0.26
Other expenses 9.40 7. 2 2
Finance costs 7. 2 4 9.10
Total expenses 36.52 41.23
Loss before exceptional items and tax (2.55) (16.11)
Exceptional items - expense 0.00 0.79
Loss before tax (2.55) (16.90)
Tax expense / (credit) 0.20 (3.51)
Loss for the year (2.75) (13.39)
Other comprehensive income / (loss) (net of income tax) 0.07 (0.05)
Total comprehensive loss for the year (2.68) (13.44)
Table 4: Significant changes in key financial ratios
FY 25 FY 24 % change
Current ratio 8.70 1.52 472.50 
Debt-equity ratio 0.22 0.58 (61.98)
Debt service coverage ratio 0.11 0.39 (72.34)
Return on equity ratio (0.01) (0.06) (83.63)
Trade receivables turnover ratio 3.65 3.62 1.03 
Net capital turnover ratio 0.10 0.33 (68.33)
Net profit ratio (0.22) (1.24) (81.87)
Return on capital employed 0.01 (0.02) (148.66)
Return on investment 0.83 - -
Management Discussion & Analysis (Contd.)
Standalone
The standalone financial statements reflect the operating structure of Aurum PropTech Group. Since its new launch 
under the Aurum management in FY 2021-22, the Company started developing new products, Aurum Liv, Aurum KuberX 
along with a multiple of other products to cater to its PropTech ecosystem. These products over the last two years have 
started penetrating markets and started generating revenue through a fully owned subsidiary of the Company. As these 
businesses evolve, strategic investments have been made in entities , assets that support the PropTech ecosystem in 
their respective domain. These businesses remain as investments and are not included in the standalone financials.
At the standalone level, revenue is primarily generated as rent from the office buildings the Company owns. Cash and 
cash equivalents are used to generate other income including interest from subsidiaries on loans given to them as growth 
capital. Table 3 provides a summary of the Company’s Standalone Profit and Loss statement.
MANAGEMENT REVIEW
54
 % change from March 31, 2024 to March 31, 2025
Current ratio The % increase in current ratio is attributable to increase in current assets on account of 
grant of loans to subsidiaries and reduction of current liabilities on account of reduction 
of borrowings.
Debt-equity ratio A reduction in total debt due to repayment of borrowings during the year, and a 
corresponding increase in total equity from driven by internal accruals and capital 
infusion.
Debt service coverage ratio Debt Service Coverage Ratio (DSCR) for the year ended March 31, 2025, is 0.11 (previous 
year: 0.39). The decline is due to higher debt repayment obligations during the year. This 
is attributed to repayment of borrowings.
Return on equity ratio The % change is attributable to a reduction in net loss during the current  year and an 
increase in the average equity base. 
Net capital turnover ratio The % change is net capital turnover ratio is primarily attributable t o a higher working 
capital base, which has impacted the efficiency with which the company is able t o 
generate revenue from its net capital employed. The company is taking steps to optimise 
working capital management and improve overall operational efficiency going forward.
Net profit ratio The % change in net profit ratio is primarily due to a reduction in net lo sses and a 
corresponding increase in revenue. The narrowing of losses indicates pro gress toward 
improved operational performance. The management remains focused on enhancing 
revenue streams and controlling costs to achieve sustainable profitability.
Return on capital employed The % change is primarily on account of a turnaround in operating performance, resulting 
in positive earnings before interest and taxes. The increase in capital employed, through 
a combination of higher net worth and reduced debt, has also contributed to the change. 
Risk Management 
Aurum’s Risk Management Framework 
ensures a structured and proactive approach 
to identify, assess, and mitigate potential 
risks. The framework is designed to safeguard 
our assets, ensure regulatory compliance, and 
support informed decision-making across all 
levels of the organization.
Aurum’s Risk management framework demonstrates a 
well-structured and robust risk management mechanism 
with an approach to identify, assess, and mitigate 
the potential risks that could impact our operations, 
stakeholders, and reputation. By addressing risks 
proactively, we aim to create a resilient organization that 
can navigate challenges, capitalize on opportunities, and 
achieve long term success.
The Company’s Governance, Risk, and Compliance 
(GRC) framework is structured to proactively manage 
a wide spectrum of risks across its operations. Risk 
management at Aurum is a collective responsibility. The 
Board of Directors sets the risk appetite, the Functional 
head oversees the risk governance, and all employees are 
expected to act in accordance with our risk management 
principles.
These include strategic and commercial risk, Oversight 
over Investee Companies/Alliances Resource Planning 
and Management, Customer Experience and Retention, 
Regulatory Risk, Data Privacy Risk and Cybersecurity.
Mergers and Acquisitions
Aurum PropTech continues to pursue a focused and 
disciplined approach to scaling its presence within the 
PropTech ecosystem through strategic mergers and 
acquisitions. All strategic decisions—whether to acquire, 
build, or partner—are evaluated through the Company’s 
Governance, Risk, and Compliance (GRC) framework. 
This framework provides a structured methodology 
for assessing opportunities based on key factors such 
as market potential, strategic alignment, execution 
Management Discussion & Analysis (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
55
===== PDF PAGE 49 =====
feasibility, competitive advantage, time-to-market, and 
expected shareholder value creation.
This dual-track strategy allows Aurum PropTech to 
drive targeted growth while remaining aligned with 
its long-term vision of building a unified, technology-
driven real estate platform. By maintaining a balanced 
focus on innovation, scalability, and financial discipline, 
the Company continues to improve unit economics and 
deliver sustainable value to its stakeholders.
Internal Control Systems and their Adequacy
The Company maintains a comprehensive internal 
control framework over financial reporting, aligned with 
the nature and scale of its operations. These internal 
controls are designed to provide reasonable assurance 
regarding the reliability of financial reporting, the 
safeguarding of assets, and compliance with applicable 
laws and regulations.
The control environment is supported by documented 
policies, standard operating procedures, and regular 
oversight by management and the internal audit 
function. Key financial controls, including those related 
to authorization, recording, and reconciliation processes, 
are subject to periodic review to ensure continued 
relevance and effectiveness.
In addition, the Company has implemented robust 
mechanisms to ensure compliance with accounting 
policies, validate critical estimates and provisions, and 
monitor risk exposures. These efforts contribute to the 
overall integrity and accuracy of financial reporting and 
demonstrate the adequacy of the Company’s internal 
control systems.
Cautionary Statement
Statements made in the Management Discussion 
and Analysis regarding the Company’s objectives, 
projections, estimates, and expectations may constitute 
‘forward-looking’ statements within the meaning of 
applicable securities laws and regulations. Actual results 
may differ from those expressed or implied. Key factors 
that could impact the Company’s operations include 
economic conditions affecting demand, supply, and 
price conditions in domestic and international markets, 
changes in government regulations, tax laws, and other 
statutes, as well as other incidental factors.
Management Discussion & Analysis (Contd.)
MANAGEMENT REVIEW
56
BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ REPORT
To the Members,
The Board of Directors present the Company’s 5th Annual Report (Post – Aurum Man agement) and the Company’s 
audited standalone and consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended March 31, 2025.
1. Financial results
  The Company’s financial performance (standalone and consolidated) for the year ended March 31, 2025 is 
summarized below:
(` in lakhs)
Particulars Standalone Consolidated
2024 - 25 2023 - 24 2024 - 25 2023 - 24
Revenue from operations
Information technology services 20 20 9,682 8,618
Rent income 1046 888 16,547 12,616
Reimbursement of expenses from 
customers
155 171 155 171
Total revenue from operations 1,221 1,079 26,384 21,405 
Other income 2,176 1,433 2,114 1,902 
Total income 3,397 2,512 28,498 23,307 
Employee benefit expense 912 1,297 7 ,860 8.814
Finance costs 724 910 2,923 2,597
Depreciation and amortization expenses 660 795 8,236 7 ,251
Other expenses 1,356 1,121 13.926 12,281
Total expenses 3,652 4,123 32,945 30,943
Exceptional items - - - (144)
Loss before tax (255) (1,690) (4,447) (7 ,780)
Tax expense / (credit) 20 (351) (324) (1,185)
Loss for the year (275) (1,339) (4,123) (6,595)
Other comprehensive income / (loss) 7 (5) (29) (37)
Total comprehensive income / (loss) (268) (1,344) (4,152) (6,632)
Earnings per share–face vale ` 5/- each
Basic (`) (0.51) (3.39) (6.16) (14.16)
Diluted (`) (0.51) (3.39) (6.16) (14.16)
No amount is proposed to be transferred to reserves for the year ended March 31, 2025.
2.  Results of operations and state of company’s 
affairs
  The highlights of the Company’s financial 
performance for the year ended March 31, 2025 are 
as follows:
 Standalone
• Total income: ` 3,397 lakhs
• EBIDTA: ` 405 lakhs
• Loss before tax: ` 255 lakhs
• Loss after tax: ` 275 lakhs
 •  Cash generated from / used in operations:  
` 102 lakhs
Consolidated
• Total income: ` 28,498 lakhs
• EBIDTA: ` 3,789 lakhs
• Loss before tax: `4,447 lakhs
• Loss after tax: ` 4,123 lakhs
•  Cash generated from / used in operations: ` 965 
lakhs
Dividend
The Board of Directors has not recommended any 
dividend for the financial year 2024-25.
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
57
===== PDF PAGE 50 =====
 Unclaimed Dividend
In accordance with the provisions of Section 125 of 
the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) read with the 
Investor Education and Protection Fund Authority 
(Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 
2016 (IEPF Rules’), the dividends declared by the 
Company and remaining unclaimed for seven years 
needs to be transferred to the Investor Education 
and Protection Fund (IEPF).
Out of the dividends declared by the Company 
during the financial year 2016-17 , an amount of  
` 2,49,496/-, pertaining to 2,49,496 corresponding 
equity shares, remained unclaimed for a period 
of seven years. Accordingly, the said amount was 
transferred to the Investor Education and Protection 
Fund (IEPF) during the financial year 2024-25.
 
Change in Share Capital
The authorized share capital of the Company is ` 
10,000 lakhs and the paid-up share capital increased 
from ` 1,993 lakhs to ` 2,756 lakhs, during the  
FY 2024-25, pursuant to shares issued on exercise 
of employee stock options ( ` 8 lakhs) and call 
money on Rights issue received (` 755 lakhs).
3.  Details of material changes from the end of the 
financial year till the date of the report
 i.  The Rights Issue Committee of the Company 
at its meeting held on February 26, 2025, has 
approved the Second and Final Call of ` 30/- 
per share on the partly paid-up equity shares 
issued on Rights basis and the call period 
commenced from April 01, 2025 to April 30, 
2025, pursuant to which a total of ` 13,115.04 
lakhs has been received (representing around 
96% of the aggregate amount due on the 
Second and Final Call and pending first call) on 
4,15,70,175 equity shares, which are now fully 
paid up. 
   Further, in June 2025, a reminder notice on the 
unpaid call money was given, for payments to 
be made between June 16, 2025 and June 30, 
2025. Pursuant to this, the Company received 
`305.75 lakhs (including interest on delayed 
payments) towards 9,24,811 shares and the 
corporate action for the same is under process.
 ii.  The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(“SEBI”), vide notification dated on March 
08, 2024, introduced a regulatory framework 
for the facilitation of Small and Medium Real 
Estate Investment Trusts (“SM REITs”) by 
amending the SEBI (Real Estate Investment 
Trusts) Regulations, 2014 (“REIT Regulations”), 
through SEBI (Real Estate Investment Trusts) 
(Amendment) Regulations, 2024 (“Amended 
REIT Regulations”), thereby, paving the way to 
make real estate investment more accessible 
to wider set of investors and to regulate and 
foster growth in the segment. The Company 
through one of its subsidiaries, applied for 
registration to SEBI under the regulation, and 
has received the certificate of registration as 
Small and Medium REIT , in the nature of ‘Amsa 
Small and Medium Real Estate Investment 
Trust’ on July 17 , 2025.
4.  Material Events During the Year Under Review
 i.  The Board of Directors of the Company in 
its meeting held on September 10, 2024, 
approved the strategic realignment of its 
material subsidiary K2V2 Technologies 
Private Limited (“K2V2”) to enhance focus on 
its core technology offerings and leverage its 
established scale. Based on the approval of 
the Boards of the Company and K2V2, during 
the current financial year, (i) the Company 
increased its stake in K2V2 to 81.94% from 
44.44% for additional investment of ` 112.30 
lakhs (ii) K2V2 has sold its operations of the 
business units Beyond Walls and Kylas w.e.f. 
July 01, 2024. Accordingly, on and from the 
quarter starting July 01, 2024 the financial 
results of K2V2 comprise of assets in relation 
to Sell.do. 
 ii.  The Board of Directors of the Company, 
at its meeting held on October 21, 2024, 
approved the execution of a Share Purchase 
Agreement (“SPA”) with Aurum Facility 
Management Private Limited (“Acquirer” or 
“AFM”) for transfer of its entire shareholding 
of Wisetechno Private Limited (WPL), a wholly 
owned subsidiary of the Company and the 
Share Purchase Agreement was executed on 
October 21, 2024. The shares are y et to be 
transferred as on March 31, 2025.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ REPORT (Contd.)
GOVERNANCE
58
5. Change in objects of Rights issue
  The shareholders, at their meeting held on September 26, 2024, approved a variation in the estimated utilization of 
the proceeds from the Rights Issue. The variation, to a limited extent, is detailed as under: 
Objects of the Issue Estimated Cost as 
per LOF
Revised Cost as 
per Shareholders 
approval in  
FY 2022-23
Utilized Till 
March 2024
Estimated cost- 
revised as per 
shareholder's 
approval in  
FY 2023-24
Product Development ` 3,750 ` 3,750 ` 327 ` 1,060
Product Marketing ` 3,100 ` 3,100 ` 20 ` 1,021
Identified Investments ` 15,670 ` 15,281 ` 6,053 ` 13,559
Funding Inorganic growth 
General corporate purpose
` 11,387 ` 11,776 ` 1,850 ` 10,017
Total ` 33,907 ` 33,907 ` 8,250 ` 25,657
Further, the shareholders through a postal ballot on June 7 , 2025, approv ed the widening of the definition of 
Identified Investment to include (a) Investments made in Aurum Analytica Private Limited, NestAway Technologies 
Private Limited, YieldWiseX Technologies Private Limited, and Bondsbrain Technologies  Private Limited through 
equity/loan/ line of credit / convertible note, etc., (b) repayment of loan and interest thereon separately taken by the 
Company and utilized for the Identified Investment. (ii) (a). The unutilized amount of objects in Product Development 
and Product Marketing be utilized for the purpose mentioned in the Identified Investment. (b) repayment of loan and 
interest thereon separately taken by the Company and utilized for the Product Development and Product Marketing.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ REPORT (Contd.)
6.  Management Discussion and Analysis Report
Management Discussion and Analysis Report for the 
year under review, as stipulated under the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
(“Listing Regulations”), is presented in a separate 
section, which forms part of this Annual Report.
7 .  Business operations of the Company and its major 
subsidiaries
  The Company’s and its subsidiaries (Group) 
operations predominantly relate to providing 
software solutions in the real estate sector. The 
organizational structure of the Group is based on 
the Strategic Business Units (SBU) concept. Major 
developments and business performance of the 
SBUs are given below:
 Rental
  Rental SBU delivered resilient performance with 
another year of strong revenue growth and improved 
profitability. The business has its geographical 
footprint across 15+ cities in India. Increasing the 
number of units under operations and filling up the 
units remains a priority as business continues to 
deepen its presence.
  The business recorded a Revenue of ` 16,862 lakhs 
for the year 2024- 25 with a growth of 26.9% over 
last year. It continues to improve its profitability.
 Distribution
  The Distribution segment grew marginally year-
on-year in terms of revenue, inspite of exiting from 
BeyondWalls operations. This helped the segment 
to manage the working capital in a much more 
efficient way and also making 26% profit.
  The business recorded a Revenue of ` 7 ,928 lakhs 
for the year 2024-25 with a growth of 6.50% over 
last year. It continues to improve its profitability.
 Capital
  With contributions from Integrow, Yield WiseX 
and also the SPVs, the capital segment grew 
significantly in terms of revenue. With an increase 
in revenue, the segment reduced its losses 
considerably during the financial year 2024-25.
 The business recorded a Revenue of ` 1.594 lakhs 
for the year 2024-25 with a growth of 137 .20% over 
last year. It continues to improve its profitability.
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
59
===== PDF PAGE 51 =====
8. Credit rating
 During the year under review, the Company has not 
obtained any credit ratings.
9. Consolidated Financial Statement
 In accordance with the provisions of the Companies 
Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and the Listing Regulations 
read with Ind AS 110-Consolidated Financial 
Statements, Ind AS 28-Investments in Associates 
and Joint Ventures and Ind AS 31-Interests in 
Joint Ventures, the consolidated audited financial 
statement forms part of this Annual Report.
10.  Subsidiary, Joint Venture and Associate 
companies 
 The details of the Company’s subsidiaries, joint 
ventures, and associate companies are provided in 
Annexure I to this Report.
 During the year under review, companies listed 
in Annexure I  to this Report have become and/
or ceased to be the subsidiary, joint venture or 
associate of the Company. 
 A statement providing details of performance 
and salient features of the financial statements 
of subsidiary, associate, joint venture companies, 
as per Section 129(3) of the Act, is provided as 
Annexure II.
 The audited financial statements including the 
consolidated financial statements of the Company 
and all other documents required to be attached 
thereto are available on the Company’s website and 
can be accessed at https://www.aurumproptech.in/.
  The financial statements of the subsidiaries are 
available on the Company’s website and can be 
accessed at https://www.aurumproptech.in/.
  During the year under review, K2V2 Technologies 
Private Limited, Helloworld Technologies India 
Private Limited, Aurum Analytica Private Limited 
and Nestaway Technologies Private Limited were 
material subsidiaries of the Company as per the 
Listing Regulations. The policy for determining 
material subsidiaries as approved by the Board can 
be accessed on the website of the Company at link 
https://aurumproptech.in/investor/policies/.
11. Secretarial Standards
  The Company has complied with all applicable 
mandatory Secretarial Standards issued by the 
Institute of Company Secretaries of India.
12. Directors’ Responsibility Statement
 Your Director’s state that:
a) in the preparation of the annual accounts for 
the year ended March 31, 2025, the applicable 
accounting standards read with requirements 
set out under Schedule III to the Act have been 
followed and there are no material departures 
from the same;
b) the Directors have selected such accounting 
policies and applied them consistently and 
made judgements and estimates that are 
reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and 
fair view of the state of affairs of the Company 
as at March 31, 2025, and of the loss of the 
Company for the year ended on that date;
c) the Directors have taken proper and sufficient 
care for the maintenance of adequate 
accounting records in accordance with the 
provisions of the Act for safeguarding the 
assets of the Company and for preventing and 
detecting fraud and other irregularities;
d) the Directors have prepared the annual 
accounts on a going concern basis;
e) the Directors have laid down internal financial 
controls to be followed by the Company 
and that such internal financial controls are 
adequate and are operating effectively; and
f) the Directors have devised proper systems 
to ensure compliance with the provisions of 
all applicable laws and that such systems are 
adequate and operating effectively.
13. Corporate Governance
  The Company is committed to maintain the 
highest standards of governance and has also 
implemented several of the best governance 
practices. The Corporate Governance Report as per 
the Listing Regulations forms part of this Annual 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ REPORT (Contd.)
GOVERNANCE
60
Report. Certificate from the Secretarial Auditors 
of the Company confirming compliance with the 
conditions of Corporate Governance is attached 
to the Corporate Governance Report and forms an 
integral part of this Annual Report.
14.  Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
  Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report 
(BRSR) is not applicable to the Company, in 
accordance with Regulation 34 of SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), as 
amended.
15.  Contracts or arrangements with related parties
 During the year under review:
a) all contracts/arrangements/ transactions 
entered by the Company with related parties 
were in the ordinary course of business and on 
an arm’s length basis.
b) contracts/arrangements/ transactions which 
were material, were entered into with related 
parties in accordance with the policy of the 
Company on materiality of Related Party 
Transactions and on dealing with Related 
Party Transactions.
  Details of contracts/arrangements/ transactions 
with related parties which are required to be 
reported in Form No. AOC-2 in terms of Section 
134(3) (h) read with Section 188 of the Act and Rule 
8(2) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 are 
provided in Annexure III to this Report. 
  The Policy on Materiality of Related Party 
Transactions and on dealing with Related Party 
Transactions is available on the Company’s website 
and can be accessed at https://aurumproptech.in. 
There were no materially significant related party 
transactions which could have potential conflict 
with the interests of the Company at large. 
Members may refer to Note 21 of the Standalone 
Financial Statement which sets out Related Parties 
Disclosures pursuant to Ind AS.
16. Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)
  The Board of Directors of the Company has formed 
a CSR Committee, in compliance with Section 
135 of the Act. For the financial year 2024-25, 
the Company did not met the eligibility criteria 
pursuant to Section 135 of the Companies Act, 
2013, for making contribution to the Corporate 
Social Responsibility (CSR) Initiatives hence, the 
Company made no contribution for the financial 
year 2024-25.
 The composition of the CSR Committee and a brief 
outline of the CSR policy of the Company in the 
format prescribed in the Companies (Corporate 
Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 is set out 
in Annexure IV of this report .
 The composition of the CSR Committee and a 
brief outline of the CSR policy of the Company is 
available on the website of the Company at https://
aurumproptech.in/investor/policies/. 
17 . Risk Management
 The Company has established a well-structured and 
robust risk management mechanism which serves 
as a cornerstone for its enterprise risk management 
practices. This framework is supported by a 
comprehensive risk register that identifies key 
risks, evaluates their potential impact, and outlines 
appropriate mitigation strategies. 
 By leveraging this comprehensive framework, the 
Company aim to create a resilient organization that 
can navigate challenges, capitalize on opportunities, 
and achieve long term success.
 To ensure effective oversight, a detailed report 
on risk management is quarterly submitted to the 
Board for review and guidance. It enables the Board 
to monitor the adequacy and effectiveness of the 
risk management practices and ensure alignment 
with the Company’s strategic objectives.
 Further details on the risk management activities 
including the implementation of a risk management 
policy, key risks identified and their mitigations 
are covered in the Management Discussion and 
Analysis Report, which forms part of this Annual 
Report. 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ REPORT (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
61
===== PDF PAGE 52 =====
18. Internal Financial Controls
 The key internal financial controls have been 
documented, automated wherever possible and 
embedded in the respective business processes. 
 Assurance to the Board on the effectiveness of 
internal financial controls is obtained through 
Three Lines of Defence which include:
 a)  Management reviews and self-assessment; 
 b)   Continuous controls monitoring by functional 
experts; and 
 c)   Independent design and operational testing by 
the Group Internal Audit function.
 The Company believes that these systems provide 
reasonable assurance that the Company’s internal 
financial controls are adequate and operate 
effectively as intended. 
19. Directors and Key Managerial Personnel
 i)  In accordance with the provisions of Section 
152 of the Act and in terms of the Articles 
of Association of the Company, Mr. Srirang 
Athalye (DIN: 02546964) retires by rotation 
at the forthcoming AGM, and being eligible, 
offers himself for re-appointment. 
    However, Mr. Srirang Athalye has tendered 
his resignation from the Directorship of the 
Company with effect from July 31, 2025. Taking 
the same into consideration, Mr. Ramashrya 
Yadav has been identified as the Director 
liable to retire by rotation at the 12th Annual 
General Meeting of the Company. Necessary 
resolution for approval of the reappointment 
of Mr. Ramashrya Yadav has been included 
in the Notice of the forthcoming AGM of 
the Company. The Board of Directors of the 
Company recommend the same for approval 
by the Members. The profile of Mr. Ramashrya 
Yadav as required under Regulation 36(3) of 
the Listing Regulations and Clause 1.2.5 of the 
Secretarial Standard – 2 is given in the Notice 
of the AGM, which forms part of this Annual 
Report. 
 ii)  The Board of Directors of the Company 
recommended the appointment of Mr. 
Ashish Deora as a Non-Executive Director 
of the Company and the shareholders of the 
Company approved the appointment through 
Postal Ballot on June 07 , 2025. Mr. Ashish Deora 
assumed office as Non-Executive director on 
April 30, 2025.  
 iii)  The Company has received declarations from 
all the Independent Directors of the Company 
confirming that: 
a.  they meet the criteria of independence 
prescribed under the Act and the Listing 
Regulations; and 
b.  they have registered their names in the 
Independent Directors’ Databank.
   The Independent Directors have complied with 
the Code for Independent Directors prescribed 
under Schedule IV of the Companies Act, 2013 
and the Listing Regulations. The Board of 
Directors of the Company are of the opinion 
that the Independent Directors of the Company 
possess requisite qualifications, experience 
including proficiency and expertise and they 
hold the highest standards of integrity.
   The Company has devised, inter alia, the 
following policies viz.:
a.  Familiarization Programme for 
Independent Directors
b.  Nomination and Remuneration Policy
   The Policy for Familiarization Programme 
for Independent Directors familiarizes its 
Independent Directors with their roles, rights, 
responsibilities in the Company, nature of 
the industry in which the Company operates, 
business model and related risks of the 
Company, etc. There has been no change in the 
policy during the year under review. The said 
policy is available on the Company’s website 
and can be accessed at https://aurumproptech.
in/investor/policies/.  
BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ REPORT (Contd.)
GOVERNANCE
62
  iv)  The Company’s remuneration policy is directed 
towards rewarding performance, based on 
review of achievements. The remuneration 
policy is in consonance with existing industry 
practice. There has been no change in the 
policy during the year under review. The said 
policy is available on the Company’s website 
and can be accessed at https://aurumproptech.
in/investor/policies/.
 v)  None of the Directors of the Company are 
disqualified for being appointed as Directors 
as specified in Section 164(2) of the Act and 
Rule 14(1) of the Companies (Appointment and 
Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014.
20. Performance Evaluation
 The Company has a policy for performance 
evaluation of the Board, Committees and other 
individual Directors (including Independent 
Directors) which includes criteria for performance 
evaluation of Non-Executive Directors and 
Executive Directors. 
 The Board of Directors has carried out an 
annual evaluation of its own performance, board 
committees, and individual Directors pursuant 
to the provisions of the Act and SEBI Listing 
Regulations. 
 The performance of the Board was evaluated 
by the Board after seeking inputs from all the 
Directors on the basis of criteria such as the board 
composition and structure; degree of fulfilment of 
key responsibilities towards stakeholders (by way 
of monitoring corporate governance practices, 
participation in the long term strategic planning, 
etc.); effectiveness of board processes, information 
and functioning, etc.; extent of co-ordination 
and cohesiveness between the Board and its 
Committees; and quality of relationship between 
Board Members and the Management. The Company 
has a policy for performance evaluation of the 
Board, Committees and other individual Directors 
(including Independent Directors) which includes 
criteria for performance evaluation of Executive 
and Non-Executive Directors. In compliance with 
the requirement of the provisions of Section 178 
of the Act read with Rules framed thereunder and 
Schedule IV to the Act as well as Regulation 17(10) 
of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the performance 
evaluation of individual directors, Board committees 
and Board as a whole were carried out during the 
year under review. For the Financial Year 2024-25, 
the Company adopted the Internal methodology for 
carrying out the Board Evaluation exercise.
  In a separate meeting of Independent Directors, 
performance of Non-Independent Directors, the 
Board as a whole was evaluated, taking into account 
the views of Executive Director and Non-Executive 
Directors.
  The performance evaluation process of the 
Independent Director was based on the declarations 
received from the Independent Directors that they 
fulfilled the criteria of independence as required 
under the Act and SEBI Listing Regulations.
21. Employees’ Stock Option Scheme
  The Company has formulated the Aurum PropTech 
Employee Stock Option Plan 2021 with an objective 
of enabling the Company to attract and retain 
talented human resources by offering them the 
opportunity to acquire a continuing equity interest 
in the Company, which will reflect their efforts in 
building the growth and the profitability of the 
Company.
  During the financial year, the Company has allotted 
1,43,100 equity shares to Directors and employees 
of the Company and its subsidiaries under the 
“Aurum PropTech Employee Stock Option Plan 
2021” on exercise of the employee stock options.  
 
The disclosure relating to ESOPs required to be 
made under the provisions of the Companies 
Act, 2013 and the Rules made thereunder and the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share 
Based Employee Benefit and Sweat Equity) 
Regulations, 2021 (SBEB Regulations) is provided on 
the website of the Company http://aurumproptech.
in/investor. 
  Pursuant to Regulation 13 of the Securities 
Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee 
Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021, a 
certificate from Secretarial Auditor is available on 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ REPORT (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
63
===== PDF PAGE 53 =====
the Company’s website and can be accessed at 
http://aurumproptech.in/investor.
22. Auditors and Auditors’ Report
 Auditors
  The Board of Directors, at its meeting held 
on September 25, 2024, recommended the 
appointment of M/s. Kirtane & Pandit LLP, 
Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration No. 
105215W/W100057), as the Statutory Auditors 
of the Company from the conclusion of ensuing 
Extra-Ordinary General Meeting till the conclusion 
of 12th Annual General Meeting of the Company. 
The said appointment was duly approved by the 
Shareholders at the Extraordinary General Meeting 
held on October 19, 2024. 
  The Board of Directors recommends the re-
appointment of M/s. Kirtane & Pandit LLP, Chartered 
Accountants for further period of five years from 
the conclusion of ensuing Annual General Meeting 
upto the conclusion of the 6th consecutive Annual 
General Meeting to be held in the year 2030.       
  The Auditors’ Report does not contain any 
qualification, reservation, adverse remark or 
disclaimer. The Notes to the financial statements 
referred in the Auditors’ Report are self-explanatory 
and do not call for any further comments. 
  Pursuant to Section 139(1) and other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 M/s. M S K 
A & Associates, Chartered Accountants (ICAI Firm 
Registration no.: 105047W) were appointed as the 
Statutory Auditors of the Company at the 6th AGM 
held on August 06, 2019, to hold office for a period 
of 5 consecutive years from the conclusion of the 
6th AGM till the conclusion of the 11th AGM of the 
Company. M S K A & Associates had confirmed 
that they are not disqualified from continuing as 
Auditors of the Company. M/s. M S K A & Associates, 
Chartered Accountants, who were reappointed by 
the Board of Directors at its meeting held on April 
29, 2024, for a second term of five consecutive 
years, subsequently withdrew their consent to act 
as Statutory Auditors of the Company, vide their 
mail dated September 25, 2024.
 Secretarial Auditor
  The Board has appointed M/s Ainesh Jethwa & 
Associates, Practicing Company Secretary, to 
conduct Secretarial Audit of the Company. The 
Secretarial Audit Report for the financial year 
ended March 31, 2025 of the Company and its 
Material Subsidiaries is annexed and marked as 
Annexure V and Annexure VA & Annexure VB  to 
this Report. The Management shall be more vigilant 
and ensure timely compliance with the applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act 2013 and SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015. The rest of the report is self-
explanatory. 
  The Board of Directors, on the recommendation 
of the Audit Committee, has appointed M/s 
Ainesh Jethwa & Associates, Practicing Company 
Secretary, Mumbai as the secretarial auditor for a 
period of five years from the financial year 2025-26 
to financial year 2029-30, subject to the approval 
of the shareholders in the ensuing Annual General 
Meeting. They have confirmed their eligibility for 
the appointment.
 Internal Auditor
  The Board of Directors had appointed M/s. 
Protune KSA Consultants Private Limited (CIN: 
U74999MH2017PTC293746) as the Internal 
Auditor for conducting the internal audit of the 
Company for the financial year 2024-25.
  The Board of Directors, on the recommendation 
of the Audit Committee, has re-appointed 
Protune KSA Consultants Private Limited (CIN: 
U74999MH2017PTC293746) to conduct the 
internal audit of the Company for financial year 
2025-26. The Internal Auditor have confirmed their 
eligibility and consented to continue as the Internal 
Auditor of the Company. 
 Cost Audit
  The provisions of Companies (Cost Records 
and Audit) Rules, 2014 are not applicable to the 
Company.
23. Meetings of the Board
  During the financial year, six meetings of the 
Board of Directors were held. The details of these 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ REPORT (Contd.)
GOVERNANCE
64
meetings, including the attendance of each 
Director, are provided in the Corporate Governance 
Report, which forms part of this Annual Report.
  The meetings were conducted in compliance with 
the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013 and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015. The quorum was 
there for all the meetings, and maximum interval 
between any two consecutive meetings did not 
exceed 120 days.
24. Committees of the Board
The Company has duly constituted the Committees 
required under the Act read with applicable Rules 
made there under and the SEBI Listing Regulations.
The Company has an Audit Committee with the 
constitution, powers, and role as prescribed under 
Section 177 of the Act and Regulation 18 of the 
SEBI Listing Regulations. 
  The other statutory committees of the Board are 
given below:
i) Investors’ Grievances and Stakeholders’ 
Relationship Committee
ii) Nomination and Remuneration Committee
iii) Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
iv) Executive Investment Committee
v) Rights Issue Committee
vi) Fund Raising Committee 
  Details about composition, powers, role, meetings 
held and attendance of members at meetings of 
the relevant Committee are provided in the Report 
on Corporate Governance which forms part of this 
Annual Report.
25.  Vigil Mechanism and Whistle-blower Policy
  The Company has established a robust Vigil 
Mechanism and Whistleblower Policy in accordance 
with the provisions of the Act and the Listing 
Regulations.
  Employees and other stakeholders are required to 
report actual or suspected violations of applicable 
laws and regulations and the Code of Conduct. Such 
genuine concerns can be raised by a Whistle-blower 
through an e-mail or dedicated telephone hotline 
or directly to the Ombudsperson or to Members of 
the Compliance Committee within the Organization 
through face to face meeting, e-mail, telephone, or 
fax. The Vigil Mechanism and Whistle-blower Policy 
is available on the Company’s website and can be 
accessed at https://aurumproptech.in/investor/
policies/. 
26.  Prevention of sexual harassment at workplace
  The Company has zero tolerance for sexual 
harassment at workplace and has adopted a 
gender neutral Policy on the Prevention of Sexual 
Harassment at its workplaces in line with the 
provisions of the Sexual Harassment of Women at 
Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) 
Act, 2013 and the Rules made thereunder for 
prevention and redressal of complaints of sexual 
harassment at workplace.
  All employees (permanent, contractual, temporary 
and trainees) are covered under the said policy. 
During the financial year under review, the 
Company has not received any complaint of Sexual 
Harassment of Women at Workplace. The Company 
has constituted Internal Committee(s) (“ICs”) to 
redress and resolve any complaints arising under 
the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace 
(Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013. 
 For the financial year under review:
 -  Number of complaints received- NIL
 -  Number of complaints resolved- NA
 -   Number of cases pending for more than 90 
days- NA
  The Company remains committed to providing a 
safe, respectful, and inclusive work environment for 
all its employees. 
27 . The Maternity Benefit Act, 1961
  The Company has duly complied with the provisions 
of the Maternity Benefit Act, 1961, which aims 
to regulate the employment of women in certain 
establishments for specified periods before and 
after childbirth, and provides for maternity and 
other related benefits.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ REPORT (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
65
===== PDF PAGE 54 =====
  All eligible female employees are extended the 
benefits as prescribed under the Act, including 
paid maternity leave, nursing breaks, and other 
entitlements. The Company remains committed 
to supporting the health, well-being, and work-life 
balance of its women employees in accordance 
with applicable laws and best practices.
28.  Particulars of loans, investments, guarantees and 
securities
  Particulars of loans given, investments made, 
guarantees given and securities provided along 
with the purpose for which the loan or guarantee or 
security provided is proposed to be utilized by the 
recipient are disclosed in the Standalone Financial 
Statement. (Please refer to Note 4.a.1, 4.a.2, 4.b.1, 
4.b.2 to the Standalone Financial Statement).
29.  Conservation of energy, technology absorption, 
foreign exchange earnings and outgo
  The particulars relating to conservation of energy, 
technology absorption, foreign exchange earnings 
and outgo, as required to be disclosed under the 
Act, are provided in Annexure VI to this Report.
30. Annual Return
  The Annual Return of the Company as on March 31, 
2025 is available on the Company’s website and can 
be accessed at https://aurumproptech.in/investor/
financial-information/annual-reports/.
31.  Particulars of employees and related disclosures
  The remuneration paid to the Directors, Key 
Managerial Personnel is in accordance with the 
Nomination and Remuneration Policy formulated 
in accordance with Section 178 of the Act and 
Regulation 19 read with Schedule II of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015. Further details on the same are 
given in the Corporate Governance Report which 
forms part of this Annual Report.
  The information required in terms of Section 197(12) 
of the Act read with Rule 5 of the Companies 
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial 
Personnel) Rule, 2014 is given below: 
 I.  Information as per Rule 5(1) of the Companies 
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial 
Personnel) Rules, 2014
  a)  Ratio of the remuneration of each director 
to the median remuneration of the 
employees (“MRE”) of the Company for 
the financial year 2024-25.
Name of the Director Ratio to MRE
Executive Directors
Mr. Onkar Shetye 15.72
Non-Executive Directors
Mr. Vasant Gujarathi Not Applicable
Mr. Ajit Joshi Not Applicable
Dr. Padma Deosthali Not Applicable
Mr. Srirang Athalye Not Applicable
Mr. Ramashrya Yadav Not Applicable
b) Percentage increase in remuneration of 
each Director/ KMP in the financial year 
2024-25:
Name of the Director/ 
Key Managerial 
Personnel
% increase in 
remuneration               
in the Financial 
Year 2024-25
Directors
Mr. Onkar Shetye 10%
Mr. Vasant Gujarathi N.A
Mr. Ajit Joshi N.A
Dr. Padma Deosthali N.A
Mr. Srirang Athalye N.A
Mr. Ramashrya Yadav N.A
Key Managerial 
Personnel
Mr. Kunal Karan, Chief 
Financial Officer
10% 
Ms. Sonia Jain, 
Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer
10%
  c)  Percentage increase in the MRE during 
the financial year 2024-25: Nil
  d)  Number of permanent employees on the 
rolls of the Company as on March 31, 
2025: 57
  e)  Average percentage increase made 
in salaries of employees other than 
Managerial Personnel in the financial 
year was 15% vis-a-vis an increase of 10% 
in the salaries of Managerial Personnel.
  f)  Affirmation that the remuneration is 
as per the remuneration policy of the 
Company:
    We affirm that the remuneration is as per 
the remuneration policy of the Company.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ REPORT (Contd.)
GOVERNANCE
66
 II.  Information as per Rule 5(2) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) 
Rules, 2014
   The statement containing particulars of employees in terms of remuneration drawn is pr ovided in a separate 
annexure forming part of this report. However, having regard to Section 136  of the Act, the Annual Report 
excluding the aforesaid annexure, is being sent to all the members of the Company and others entitled thereto. 
The said annexure is open for inspection and any member who wishes to inspect shall send a request for the 
same on the e-mail id of the Company i.e. investors@aurumproptech.in 
32.  Particulars of employees and related disclosures
  Your Directors state that no disclosure or reporting is required in resp ect of the following matters as there were no 
transactions on these matters during the year under review: 
 −  Details relating to deposits covered under Chapter V of the Act.
 −   Issue of equity shares with differential rights as to dividend, voting or otherwise
 −  Issue of shares (including sweat equity shares) to employees of the  Company, except for the grant of options 
under Employees’ Stock Options Scheme referred to in this Report.
 −  Neither the Managing Director nor the Whole-time Directors of the Comp any receive any salary or commission 
from any of the subsidiaries of the Company.
 −  No significant or material orders were passed by the Regulators or Co urts or Tribunals which impact the going 
concern status and Company’s operations in future
 −  No fraud has been reported by the Auditors to the Audit Committee or the Boar d.
 −  There has been no change in the nature of business of the Company.
 −  There is no proceeding pending under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016.
 −  There was no instance of one-time settlement with any Bank or Financial Insti tution.
33.  Acknowledgment
  The Board places on record its deep sense of appreciation for the services committed by all the employees of 
the Company. The Board would also like to express their sincere appreciation for the assistance and co-operation 
received from the financial institutions, banks, government and regulatory authorities, stock exchanges, customers, 
vendors and members during the year under review.
For and on behalf of the Board
                                              Aurum PropTech Limited
Onkar Shetye Vasant Gujarathi 
Date: July 23, 2025 Executive Director       Non-Executive and Independent Director
Place: Navi Mumbai  DIN: 06372831                 DIN: 06863505
BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ REPORT (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
67
===== PDF PAGE 55 =====
Annexure - I
Companies/bodies corporate which became/ceased to be subsidiary, joint venture or associate as per the provisions 
of the Companies Act, 2013:
1.  The Company has the following subsidiaries and associates:
Sr. 
no.
Name of the Company Nature
1. Liv Real Solutions Private Limited (formerly known as 
Aurum RealTech Services Private Limited)
Wholly owned Subsidiary
2. Aurum Softwares and Solutions Private Limited Wholly owned Subsidiary
3. Helloworld Technologies India Private Limited Wholly owned Subsidiary
4. Aurum Analytica Private Limited (formerly known as 
Blink Advisory Services Private Limited)
Wholly owned Subsidiary
5. YieldWiseX Technologies Private Limited (formerly 
known as Vartaman Consultants Private Limited)
Wholly owned Subsidiary
6. Cuneate Services Private Limited
7. Bonds Brain Technologies Private Limited Wholly owned Subsidiary
8. NestAway Technologies Private Limited Subsidiary
9. K2V2 Technologies Private Limited Subsidiary
10. MonkTech Venture Private Limited Subsidiary
11. Monk Tech Labs Pte. Limited Foreign Subsidiary
12. Integrow Asset Management Private Limited Subsidiary
13. Imogentechno Delta Park Private Limited Wholly owned Subsidiary
(January 09, 2024 to June 26, 2024)
14. Wisetechno Private Limited Wholly owned Subsidiary
(January 10, 2024 to September 28, 2024)
2.  Companies/bodies corporate which became subsidiary during the financial year 2024-25: Nil
3.  Companies/bodies corporate which ceased to be subsidiary during the financial year 2024-25:
Sr. 
no.
Name of the Company Nature
1. Imogentechno Delta Park Private Limited Wholly owned Subsidiary
(January 09, 2024 to June 26, 2024)
2. Wisetechno Private Limited Wholly owned Subsidiary
(January 10, 2024 to September 28, 2024)
4.  Companies/bodies corporate which became joint venture or associate during the financ ial year 2024-25: Nil
5.  Companies/bodies corporate which ceased to be joint venture or associate during th e financial year 2024-25: Nil
GOVERNANCE
68
Annexure - II
Form AOC-I
(Pursuant to first proviso to sub-section (3) of section 129 read with rule 5 of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014) 
Statement containing salient features of the financial statement of subsidiaries/associates/joint ventures
Part “A ”: Summary of financial information of subsidiaries
(Amount in INR. lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Sr. 
No
Name of the 
Company
The date 
since which 
Subsidiary 
was acquired
Reporting 
currency
Reporting 
period for the 
subsidiary 
concerned, if 
different from 
the holding 
company's 
reporting 
period
Exchange 
Rate
Share 
capital
Reserves 
& surplus
Total 
Assets 
Total 
Liabilities
Total 
Investments 
Turnover Profit 
before 
taxation 
Provision 
for 
taxation 
Profit 
after 
taxation
Proposed 
Dividend
% of 
shareholding
1 K2V2 
Technologies 
Private Limited
October 01, 
2021
INR April 01, 2024 to 
March 31, 2025
1.00 5 528 2,612 2,079 - 2,664 370 - 386 - 81.94%
2 Aurum Softwares 
and Solutions 
Private Limited
December 
01, 2021
INR April 01, 2024 to 
March 31, 2025
1.00 600 11 612 1 - 3 31 8 23 - 100.00%
3 Liv Real 
Solutions Private 
Limited (formerly 
known as 
Aurum RealTech 
Services Private 
Limited)
December 
06, 2021
INR April 01, 2024 to 
March 31, 2025
1.00 1,000 (335) 1,550 885 - 1,021 (16) (8) (8) - 100.00%
4 Monk Tech Labs 
Pte. Limited
March 17 , 
2022
USD April 01, 2024 to 
March 31, 2025
85.58 0 (948) 654 1,601 - 406 (380) - (380) - 40.00%
5 Helloworld 
Technologies 
India Private 
Limited
June 17 , 2022 INR April 01, 2024 to 
March 31, 2025
1.00 11 (1,753) 20,597 22,339 - 11,437 (1,291) (282) (1,009) - 100.00%
6 Integrow Asset 
Management 
Private Limited
September 
01, 2022
INR April 01, 2024 to 
March 31, 2025
1.00 1,382 (372) 2,490 1,480 1,050 28 (1,225) - (1,225) - 49.13%
7 Aurum Analytica 
Private Limited 
(formerly known 
as Blink Advisory 
Services Private 
Limited) 
October 15, 
2022
INR April 01, 2024 to 
March 31, 2025
1.00 18 1,086 2,427 1,323 - 4,457 808 162 646 - 100.00%
8 MonkTech 
Venture Private 
Limited
April 10, 
2023
INR April 01, 2024 to 
March 31, 2025
1.00 10 34 568 524 - 514 25 8 17 - 51.00%
9 Cuneate Services 
Private Limited
April 17 , 2023 INR April 01, 2024 to 
March 31, 2025
1.00 100 (3) 109 12 - 7 (3) - (3) - 100.00%
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
69
===== PDF PAGE 56 =====
(Amount in INR. lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Sr. 
No
Name of the 
Company
The date 
since which 
Subsidiary 
was acquired
Reporting 
currency
Reporting 
period for the 
subsidiary 
concerned, if 
different from 
the holding 
company's 
reporting 
period
Exchange 
Rate
Share 
capital
Reserves 
& surplus
Total 
Assets 
Total 
Liabilities
Total 
Investments 
Turnover Profit 
before 
taxation 
Provision 
for 
taxation 
Profit 
after 
taxation
Proposed 
Dividend
% of 
shareholding
10 YieldWiseX 
Technologies 
Private Limited 
(formerly known 
as Vartaman 
Consultants 
Private Limited)
April 29, 
2023
INR April 01, 2024 to 
March 31, 2025
1.00 73 (448) 2,023 2,398 - 541 (627) (155) (472) - 100.00%
11 Bondsbrain 
Technologies 
Private Limited
February 29, 
2024
INR April 01, 2024 to 
March 31, 2025
1.00 1 (14) 2 15 - - (14) - (14) - 100.00%
12 NestAway 
Technologies 
Private Limited
July 13, 2024 INR April 01, 2024 to 
March 31, 2025
1.00 7 (4,059) 3,264 7 ,154 - 3,865 (1,170) - (1,170) - 98.73%
Notes :          
1  The following SPVs which were subsidiaries of the Company as on March 31,  2024, ceased to be subsidiary during the financial year 2024 -25, with the onboarding of external 
investors, Board control of these entities has been transferred.          
a. Imogentechno Delta Park Private Limited, subsidiary upto June 26, 2024         
b. Wisetecho Private Limited, subsidiary upto September 28, 2024         
2 Name of subsidiary which is yet to commence operations : Bonds Brain Technologies Priv ate Limited       
3 Names of subsidiaries which have been liquidated or sold during the year - NA 
        
Annexure - II (Contd.)
GOVERNANCE
70
(Pursuant to first proviso to sub-section (3) of section 129 read with rule 5 of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014) 
Statement containing salient features of the financial statement of subsidiaries/associates/joint ventures
Part “B”: Summary of financial information of associates
(Amount in INR. lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Sr. 
No
Name of the 
Company
"The date 
since which 
Subsidiary 
was 
acquired"
Reporting 
currency
"Reporting 
period for the 
subsidiary 
concerned, if 
different from 
the holding 
company's 
reporting 
period"
Exchange 
Rate
Share 
capital
Reserves 
& surplus
Total 
Assets 
Total 
Liabilities
Total 
Investments 
Turnover Profit 
before 
taxation 
Provision 
for 
taxation 
Profit 
after 
taxation
Proposed 
Dividend
% of 
shareholding
N.A N.A N.A N.A N.A N.A N.A N.A N.A N.A N.A N.A N.A N.A N.A N.A N.A
1 Names of associates or joint ventures which are yet to commence opera tions:. N.A   
2 Names of associates or joint ventures which have been liquidated or sold during the year: N .A
 Note: This Form is to be certified in the same manner in which the Balance Sheet is to be certified.
 
Annexure - II (Contd.)
For and on behalf of the Board
                                              Aurum PropTech Limited
Onkar Shetye Vasant Gujarathi 
Date: July 23, 2025 Executive Director       Non-Executive and Independent Director
Place: Navi Mumbai  DIN: 06372831                 DIN: 06863505
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
71
===== PDF PAGE 57 =====
Form AOC-2
[Pursuant to clause (h) of sub-section (3) of Section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 8(2)  
of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014]
Form for disclosure of particulars of contracts/ arrangements entered into by the Compan y with related parties 
referred to in sub-section (1) of Section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 including certain arm’s length transactions 
under third proviso thereto
1. Details of contracts or arrangement or transactions not at arm’s length basis: 
  During financial year 2024-25, the Company has not entered into any contract or arrangement or transaction with 
its related parties which is not at arm’s length basis.
2. Details of material contracts or arrangement or transactions at arm’s length ba sis:
  The details of material contract or arrangement or transaction at arm’s lengt h basis for the year ended March 31, 
2025 are as follows:
Name of the 
Related Party
Nature of 
Relationship
Nature of 
Contract/ 
Arrangement/ 
Transaction
Duration of 
Contract/ 
Arrangement/ 
Transaction
Salient terms 
of Contract/ 
Arrangement/ 
Transaction 
including the 
value
Date of 
approval of 
the Board, if 
any
Amount paid 
as advance, if 
any
Not Applicable
ANNEXURE - III
For and on behalf of the Board
                                              Aurum PropTech Limited
Onkar Shetye Vasant Gujarathi 
Date: July 23, 2025 Executive Director       Non-Executive and Independent Director
Place: Navi Mumbai  DIN: 06372831                 DIN: 06863505
GOVERNANCE
72
ANNEXURE - IV
ANNUAL REPORT ON CSR ACTIVITIES
1. A brief outline on CSR Policy Company 
The CSR Policy has been laid out for the Company to comply with the provisions of Section 135 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 and the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014. We, at Aurum PropTech Limited, 
are committed to spending up to 2% of the average net profits for the p receding three financial years on CSR 
projects/ programs related to activities specified in Schedule VII to the Companies Act, 2013 or such activities as 
may be notified from time to time. CSR Committee was constituted by the Board of Directors of the Company, at its 
meeting held on June 1, 2015, to meet the requirements of the Companies Act , 2013. The Committee has adopted 
CSR Policy and same is uploaded on the Company’s website at https://aurumproptech.in/investor/policies/.
2. Composition of CSR Committee:
Sr. 
No.
Name of Director Designation / Nature of 
Directorship
Number of meetings of 
CSR Committee held 
during the year
Number of meetings of 
CSR Committee attended 
during the year
1. Mr. Srirang Athalye Non-Executive Director
(Chairman)
1 1
2. Mr. Vasant Gujarathi Independent Director
(Member)
1 1
3. Mrs. Padma Deosthali Independent Director
(Member)
1 1
4. Mr. Ramashrya Yadav Non-Executive Director
(Member)
1 0
3. The web-link where Composition of CSR committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved by  the board are 
disclosed on the website of the Company. https://www.aurumproptech.in/. 
4.  The details of Impact assessment of CSR projects carried out in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 8 of the Companies 
(Corporate Social responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014, if applicable (attach the report):  Not Applicable
5. A) Average net profit of the Company as per section 135(5): NA
 B)  Two percent of average net profit of the Company as per sub-section (5) of section 135: NA
 C)  Surplus arising out of the CSR Projects or programmes or activities of the  previous financial years: NA
 D)  Amount required to be set-off for the financial year, if any: NA
 E)  Total CSR obligation for the financial year [(b)+(c)-(d)]: NA
6. A)   Amount spent on CSR Projects (both Ongoing Project and other than Ongoing P roject). (` in lakhs): The Company 
did not meet the eligibility criteria pursuant to Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013, for making contribution 
to the Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Initiatives. Hence, the Company  made no contribution for the 
financial year 2024-25.
 B) Amount spent in Administrative Overheads: Nil
  C) Amount spent on Impact Assessment, if applicable: Not applicable
 D) Total amount spent for the Financial Year [(a)+(b)+(c)]: ` Nil
 E) CSR amount spent or unspent for the Financial Year
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
73
===== PDF PAGE 58 =====
ANNEXURE - IV (Contd.)
Total Amount 
Spent for the 
Financial Year.
(in `)
Amount Unspent (` in lakhs)
Total Amount transferred to 
Unspent CSR Account as per 
subsection (6) of section 135.
Amount transferred to any fund specified under 
Schedule VII as per second proviso to sub-section 
(5) of section 135
Amount Date of transfer Name of the 
Fund
Amount Date of transfer
         - - - - - -
 F) Excess amount for set-off, if any:
Sr. 
No.
Particular Amount  
(` in lakhs)
(1) (2) (3)
i
Two percent of average net profit of the Company as per sub-section (5) of section 
135
- 
ii Total amount spent for the Financial Year - 
iii Excess amount spent for the Financial Year [(ii)-(i)] -
iv Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous 
Financial Years, if any
-
v Amount available for set off in succeeding Financial Years [(iii)-(iv)] 0.05
7 . Details of Unspent Corporate Social Responsibility amount for the preceding three  Financial Years: 
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
Sr. 
no
Preceding 
Financial 
Year(s)
Amount 
transferred 
to Unspent 
CSR Account 
under 
subsection 
(6) of section 
135 (in `)
Balance 
Amount in 
Unspent 
CSR Account 
under 
subsection 
(6) of section 
135 (in `)
Amount 
Spent 
in the 
Financial 
Year (in `)
Amount transferred 
to a Fund as specified 
under Schedule VII 
as per second proviso 
to subsection (5) of 
section 135, if any
Amount 
remaining 
to be 
spent in 
succeeding 
Financial 
Years  
(in `)
Deficiency, 
if any
1 FY -1 (2022-23) - - - - - - -
2 FY-2 (2023-24) - - - - - - -
3 FY-3 (2024-25) - - - - - - -
8.  Whether any capital assets have been created or acquired through Corpor ate Social Responsibility amount spent 
in the Financial Year: No
9.  Specify the reason(s), if the Company has failed to spend two per cent of the average net profit as per subsection 
(5) of section 135: Not applicable
For and on behalf of the Board
                                              Aurum PropTech Limited
Onkar Shetye Srirang Athalye  
Date: July 23, 2025 Executive Director       Director and Chairman of CSR Committee
Place: Navi Mumbai  DIN: 06372831                DIN: 02546964
GOVERNANCE
74
To,
The Members,
Aurum PropTech Limited 
Aurum Q1, Aurum Q Parc, Thane Belapur Road, 
Navi Mumbai, Thane 400710, Maharashtra, India
I have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance 
of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence 
to good corporate practices by M/s. Aurum PropTech 
Limited (CIN L72300MH2013PLC244874) (hereinafter 
called the ‘Company’). Secretarial Audit was conducted 
in a manner that provided me a reasonable basis 
for evaluating the corporate conducts/statutory 
compliances and expressing my opinion thereon.
Based on my verification of the M/s. Aurum PropTech 
Limited’s books, papers, minute books, forms and returns 
filed and other records maintained by the Company 
and also the information provided by the Company, 
its officers, agents and authorized representatives 
electronically during the conduct of secretarial audit, 
I hereby report that in my opinion, the Company has, 
during the audit period covering the financial year ended 
on March 31, 2025 complied with the statutory provisions 
listed hereunder and also that the Company has proper 
Board-processes and compliance-mechanism in place 
to the extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting 
made hereinafter:
I have examined electronically the books, papers, 
minute books, forms and returns filed and other records 
maintained by the Company for the financial year 
ended on March 31, 2025 and found them to be in order, 
according to the provisions of:
(i) The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the rules 
made thereunder:
(ii) The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 
(‘SCRA’) and the rules made thereunder;
(iii) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and 
Bye-laws framed thereunder;
(iv) Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the 
rules and regulations made thereunder to the extent 
Form No. MR-3
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and rule No.9 of the Companies 
(Appointment and Remuneration Personnel) Rules, 2014]
of Foreign Direct Investment, Overseas Direct 
Investment and External Commercial Borrowings;
(v) The following Regulations and Guidelines 
prescribed under the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India Act, 1992 (‘SEBI Act’) read with the 
notifications, guidelines and circulars issued by 
Securities and Exchange Board of India or Stock 
Exchanges in this regards, to the extent applicable 
to the Company: 
(a) The Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing 
Regulations’); 
(b) The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Substantial Acquisition of Shares and 
Takeovers) Regulations, 2011; 
(c) The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 
2015;
(d) The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2018; 
(e) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share 
Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) 
Regulations, 2021; 
(f) The Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Issue and Listing of Non-Convertible 
Securities) Regulations, 2021; 
  
-   Not applicable to the Company during the 
Audit period
 (g)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Depositories and Participant) Regulations, 
2018;  
 (h)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021; 
 
 -   Not applicable to the Company during the 
Audit period) 
ANNEXURE - V
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
75
===== PDF PAGE 59 =====
  and
 (i)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018; 
  -   Not applicable to the Company during the 
Audit period.
 (j)  We have relied on the representations made by 
the Company and its officers for compliance 
under other laws specifically applicable to the 
industry to which the Company belongs, as 
under subject to the explanation given below.
  a.  Information Technology Act, 2000 and the 
rules made thereunder. 
Based on the review of systems and processes adopted 
by the Company and the Statutory Compliance self-
certification by functional head of the Company 
which was taken on record by the Board of Directors, 
there are adequate systems and processes in the 
Company commensurate with the size and operations 
of the Company to monitor and ensure compliance with 
applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines as 
per the list of such laws as mentioned above in point 
no. j. During the period under review the Company 
has complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, 
Regulations, Guidelines, Standards etc. mentioned 
above.
I have also examined the compliance with regard to the 
applicable clauses of the following and are generally 
complied with.
(i) Secretarial Standards issued by The Institute of 
Company Secretaries of India with respect to Board 
and general meetings.
(ii) The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 as entered into by the Company 
with Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) and National 
Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSEIL). 
During the period under review the Company has 
complied with the applicable provisions of the Act, Rules, 
Regulations, Guidelines, Standards, etc. mentioned 
above subject to the following observations:
1) There were three instances where the Company 
was required to intimate the stock exchanges within 
thirty minutes of the conclusion of the meeting; 
however, the disclosures were not submitted within 
the prescribed timeline. The following are such 
instances
- The Intimation dated April 29th, 2024 
pertaining to Appointment of M/s. M S K A & 
Associates, Chartered Accountants as the 
Auditor.
- The Intimation dated September 26th, 2024 
pertaining to Appointment of M/s. Kirtane 
& Pandit LLP, Chartered Accountants as the 
Auditor.
- The Intimation dated October 21st, 2024, 
pertaining, Share Purchase Agreement 
entered between the Company, and Aurum 
Facility Management Private Limited.
I further report that:
The Board of Directors of the Company is duly 
constituted with proper balance of Executive Directors, 
Non-Executive Directors and Independent Directors 
including women Director. 
There were no changes took place in the composition of 
the Board of Directors other than the reappointment of 
Mr. Vasant Gujarathi (DIN:06863505) as an Independent 
Director (w.e.f. March 03, 2025) during the period under 
review.
Adequate notice is given to all directors to schedule the 
Board Meetings, agenda and detailed notes on agenda 
were sent at least seven days in advance for meetings 
other than those held at shorter notice, and a system 
exists for seeking and obtaining further information and 
clarifications on the agenda items before the meeting 
and for meaningful participation at the meeting.
All decisions at Board Meetings and Committee Meetings 
were carried out unanimously as recorded in the minutes 
of the meetings of the Board of Directors or Committees 
of the Board, as the case may be.
I further report that there are adequate systems and 
processes in the Company commensurate with the size 
and operations of the Company to monitor and ensure 
compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and 
guidelines.
I further Report that, during the period under review;
(a) The Board of Directors and the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee (NRC) of the Company 
approved the allotment of equity shares pursuant 
to the ‘Aurum PropTech Employee Stock Option 
Plan 2021’ as follows.
ANNEXURE - V (Contd.)
GOVERNANCE
76
- 53,300 Equity Shares by Board of Directors on 
April 29, 2024
- 6,000 Equity Shares by NRC on July 19, 2024
- 63550 Equity Shares by Board of Directors on 
October 21, 2024
- 230,250 Equity Shares by Board of Directors 
on January 20, 2025
(b) The Board of Directors at its Meeting held on 
April 29, 2024 approved execution of Contributor 
Agreement between the Company, Integrow Asset 
Management Private Limited (Investment Manager) 
and Catalyst Trusteeship Limited (Trustee) for 
Investment of a sum of ` 12.00 Crore in the Integrow 
Real Estate Special Situation Fund (Category II AIF).
(c) The Company, vide a special resolution passed at 
the Annual General Meeting held on September 
26, 2024, approved and fixed the borrowing limits 
under Section 180(1)(c) of the Companies Act, 
2013, authorizing the Board of Directors to borrow 
monies in excess of the aggregate of the paid-up 
share capital, free reserves, and securities premium 
of the Company, up to an overall limit not exceeding 
` 600 Crore.
(d) The Board, at its meeting held on September 10, 
2024, approved the execution of an Asset Sale 
Agreement among the Company, K2V2 Technologies 
Private Limited. (subsidiary), its promoters, Kylas 
Technologies Private Limited, and Beyondwalls 
Technologies Private Limited, for the sale of K2V2’s 
undertakings “KYLAS” and “BEYONDWALLS”. The 
Company resolved to increase its stake in Kylas 
Technologies from 44.44% to 83.67%.
(e) The Board, at its meeting held on October 21, 
2024, approved the execution of a Share Purchase 
Agreement with Aurum Facility Management 
Private Limited for the sale of 100% shareholding 
in Wisetechno Private Limited (wholly owned 
subsidiary) for a consideration of ` 33,97 ,000 
(Rupees Thirty-Three lakhs Ninety-Seven Thousand 
only).
For Ainesh Jethwa & Associates
Practicing Company Secretaries 
Peer Review Certificate No. 1727/2022  
Ainesh Jethwa
Proprietor 
Place: Mumbai   M No. ACS 27990  l  COP No. : 19650 
Date: July 23, 2025 UDIN: A027990G000906395
This report is to be read with my letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of this 
report.
ANNEXURE - V (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
77
===== PDF PAGE 60 =====
Annexure A
To,
The Members,
AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED 
Aurum Q1, Aurum Q Parc, Thane Belapur Road, 
Navi Mumbai, Thane 400710, Maharashtra, India
My report of even date is to be read along with this letter:
1.    Maintenance of Secretarial record is the responsibility of the management o f the Company. My responsibility is to 
express as opinion on these secretarial records based on my audit.
2. I have followed the audit practices and process as appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness 
of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are 
reflected in secretarial records. I believe that the process and practices , followed by me, provide as reasonable 
basis of my opinion.
3. I have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial recor ds and books of accounts of the Company.
4. Wherever required, I have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws and regulations 
and happening
5. The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rul es, regulations, standards are the 
responsibility of management. My examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.
6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viabili ty of the Company nor of the efficacy or 
effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
For Ainesh Jethwa & Associates
Practicing Company Secretaries 
Peer Review Certificate No. 1727/2022  
Ainesh Jethwa
Proprietor 
Place: Mumbai   M No. ACS 27990  l  COP No. : 19650 
Date: July 23, 2025 UDIN: A027990G000906395
ANNEXURE - V (Contd.)
GOVERNANCE
78
To,
The Members,
K2V2 TECHNOLOGIES PRIVATE LIMITED
(CIN: U72900PN2019PTC182955)
Sr. No. 9/6, H. No 1/2, 2nd and 3rd Floor, Near Holiday Inn, 
Mhalunge, Pune-411045, Maharashtra, India
We have conducted the Secretarial Audit of the 
compliance of applicable statutory provisions and 
the adherence to good corporate practices by K2V2 
TECHNOLOGIES PRIVATE LIMITED  (hereinafter 
called ‘ the Company ’) for the audit period covering 
the financial year ended on March 31, 2025 (the ‘ audit 
period’). Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner 
that provided us a reasonable basis for evaluating 
the corporate conducts / statutory compliances and 
expressing our opinion thereon.
Based on our verification of the Company’s books, 
papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and 
other records maintained by the Company and also the 
information provided by the Company, its officers, agents 
and authorized representatives during the conduct of 
Secretarial Audit, the explanations and clarifications 
given to us and the representations made by the 
Management and considering the relaxations granted 
by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs and Securities 
and Exchange Board of India, we hereby report that in 
our opinion, the Company has, during the audit period 
covering the financial year ended on March 31, 2025 
generally complied with the statutory provisions listed 
hereunder and also that the Company has proper Board-
processes and compliance-mechanism in place to the 
extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting made 
hereinafter:
We have examined the books, papers, minute books, 
forms and returns filed and other records maintained by 
the Company for the financial year ended on March 31, 
2025 according to the provisions of:
i. The Companies Act, 2013 (‘ the Act’) and the Rules 
made thereunder;
Form No. MR-3
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule No. 9 of the Companies 
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]
ii. The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 
(‘SCRA’) and the rules made thereunder; ( Not 
applicable to the Company during the audit 
period);
iii. The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and 
Bye-laws framed thereunder;
iv. The Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and 
the rules and regulations made thereunder to the 
extent of Foreign Direct Investment, Overseas Direct 
Investment and External Commercial Borrowings; 
(Not applicable to the Company during the audit 
period);
v. The following Regulations and Guidelines 
prescribed under the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India Act, 1992 (‘SEBI Act’):-
(a) The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Substantial Acquisition of Shares and 
Takeovers) Regulations, 2011; ( Not applicable 
to the Company during the audit period);
(b) The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 
2015; (Not applicable to the Company during 
the audit period);
(c) The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2018; ( Not applicable to the 
Company during the audit period);
(d) The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat 
Equity) Regulations, 2021; ( Not applicable to 
the Company during the audit period);
(e) The Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Issue and Listing of Debt Securities) 
Regulations, 2008; ( Not applicable to the 
Company during the audit period);
(f) The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer 
ANNEXURE - VA
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
79
===== PDF PAGE 61 =====
Agents) Regulations, 1993 regarding the 
Companies Act and dealing with client; ( Not 
applicable to the Company during the audit 
period);
(g) The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021; 
(Not applicable to the Company during the 
audit period); and
(h) The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018; 
(Not applicable to the Company during the 
audit period).
vi. Other Applicable Laws: As informed by the 
management, there were no other laws specifically 
applicable to the Company.
We have also examined compliance with the applicable 
clauses of the followings: 
a. Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute of 
Company Secretaries of India (‘the ICSI’); and
b. The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (‘ SEBI LODR ’) - Regulation 24A 
for applicability of Secretarial Audit to material 
unlisted subsidiaries incorporated in India.
As per the representations and clarifications made to 
us, during the audit period under review, the Company 
has complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, 
Regulations, Guidelines, Standards, etc. mentioned 
above.
We further report that:
The Board of Directors of the Company is duly 
constituted with proper balance of Executive
Directors, Non-Executive Directors and Independent 
Directors. There were no changes took
place in the composition of the Board of Directors during 
the period under review.
Adequate notice is given to all directors to schedule the 
Board Meetings, agenda and detailed notes on agenda 
were sent at least seven days in advance for meetings 
other than those held at shorter notice for which 
necessary consents have been sought at the meeting, 
and a system exists for seeking and obtaining further 
information and clarifications on the agenda items 
before the meeting and for meaningful participation at 
the meeting.
All decisions at Board Meetings were taken unanimously 
as recorded in the minutes of the meetings of the Board 
of Directors.
We further report that there are adequate systems and 
processes in the Company commensurate with the size 
and operations of the Company to monitor and ensure 
compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations, 
standards and guidelines.
We further report that during the audit period the 
Company had following events which had bearing on the 
Company’s affairs in pursuance of the above referred 
laws, rules, regulations, guidelines, standards, etc:
The members of the Company at the Annual General 
Meeting held on August 12, 2024 accorded its approval 
by way of Special Resolution for: 
a. waiver of recovery of excess managerial 
remuneration of `10,00,000/- each paid to Mr. Ketan 
Sabnis (DIN: 02809471) and Mr. Vinayak Katkar 
(DIN: 02827601), Directors of the Company, for the 
financial year 2023-24, which was in excess of the 
limits prescribed under Schedule V of the Act; 
b. the payment of remuneration to Mr. Ketan Sabnis 
(DIN: 02809471) and Mr. Vinayak Katkar (DIN: 
02827601), Directors of the Company, in excess of 
the limits specified in case of no profits /inadequate 
profits in accordance with the provisions of 
Schedule V of the Act or such other sum as may 
be permitted under the applicable provisions for a 
period of w.e.f. April 01, 2024 till March 31, 2025;
c. pursuant to the provisions of Section 180(l)(a) of 
the Companies Act 2013, read with rules made 
thereunder and other applicable provisions, if any, 
of the Companies Act, 2013 (including any statutory 
modifications, amendments or re-enactments 
thereto for the time being in force), to sell, transfer 
or otherwise dispose of the whole or substantially 
the whole of the undertakings of the Company 
namely ‘Kylas’ and ‘BeyondWalls’ by way of 
Specie Sale to Kylas Technologies Private Limited 
and Beyondwalls Technologies Private Limited 
respectively at such consideration, in such manner 
ANNEXURE - VA (Contd.)
GOVERNANCE
80
and such terms as per the terms decided in the 
Memorandum of Understanding executed between 
Aurum PropTech Limited (the Holding Company), 
Mr. Ketan Sabnis, Mr. Vinayak Katkar, Mr. Vikram 
Kotnis and the Company with effect from 30th 
June, 2024; and
d.  pursuant to the provisions of Section 180(l)(b) of 
the Companies Act 2013, read with rules made 
thereunder and other applicable provisions, if any, 
of the Companies Act, 2013 (including any statutory 
modifications, amendments or re-enactments 
thereto for the time being in force), for sale of the 
undertakings of the Company namely ‘Kylas’ and 
‘BeyondWalls’ to Kylas Technologies Private Limited 
and Beyondwalls Technologies Private Limited 
respectively for a consideration as per the terms 
decided in the Memorandum of Understanding 
executed between Aurum PropTech Limited (the 
Holding Company), Mr. Ketan Sabnis, Mr. Vinayak 
Katkar, Mr. Vikram Kotnis and the Company with 
effect from 30th June, 2024.
This Report is to be read with our letter of even date 
which is attached as ANNEXURE-A and forms an 
integral part of this Report.
For MAURYA & ASSOCIATES
COMPANY SECRETARIES
Firm Unique Code: S2019MH680700
CS Sanjay Maurya
Practicing Company Secretary
UDIN: F013622G000753889 FCS No: 13622 | COP No: 22070
Mumbai, July 15, 2025 PR No: 2759/2022
ANNEXURE - VA (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
81
===== PDF PAGE 62 =====
ANNEXURE-A
To,
The Members,
K2V2 TECHNOLOGIES PRIVATE LIMITED
(CIN: U72900PN2019PTC182955)
Sr. No. 9/6, H. No 1/2, 2nd and 3rd Floor, Near Holiday Inn, 
Mhalunge, Pune-411045, Maharashtra, India
Our report of even date is to be read along with this letter.
In accordance with the ICSI Auditing Standards (CSAS-1 to CSAS14), we wish to state as under:
1. Maintenance of Secretarial records is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is 
to express an opinion on these Secretarial records based on our audit.
2. We have followed the audit practices and processes as wer e appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about 
the correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that 
correct facts are reflected in Secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices we followed proved 
a reasonable basis for our opinion.
3. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and books of account of the Company.
4. Wherever required, we have obtained the Management Representation about the  compliance of laws, rules and 
regulations and happening of events etc.
5. The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rule s, regulations, standards is the 
responsibility of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.
6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viabili ty of the Company nor of the efficacy or 
effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
ANNEXURE - VA (Contd.)
For MAURYA & ASSOCIATES
COMPANY SECRETARIES
Firm Unique Code: S2019MH680700
CS Sanjay Maurya
Practicing Company Secretary
UDIN: F013622G000753889 FCS No: 13622 | COP No: 22070
Mumbai, July 15, 2025 PR No: 2759/2022
GOVERNANCE
82
To,
The Members,
HELLOWORLD TECHNOLOGIES INDIA PRIVATE 
LIMITED
(CIN: U72200KA2019PTC122146)
556, Tattvam, 14th Main Road, 7th Sector, HSR Layout, 
Bangalore South, Bangalore 560102, Karnataka, India
We have conducted the Secretarial Audit of the 
compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the 
adherence to good corporate practices by HELLOWORLD 
TECHNOLOGIES INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED  
(hereinafter called ‘the Company’) for the audit period 
covering the financial year ended on March 31, 2025  
(the ‘audit period’). Secretarial Audit was conducted in a 
manner that provided us a reasonable basis for evaluating 
the corporate conducts / statutory compliances and 
expressing our opinion thereon.
Based on our verification of the Company’s books, 
papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and 
other records maintained by the Company and also the 
information provided by the Company, its officers, agents 
and authorized representatives during the conduct of 
Secretarial Audit, the explanations and clarifications 
given to us and the representations made by the 
Management and considering the relaxations granted 
by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs and Securities 
and Exchange Board of India, we hereby report that in 
our opinion, the Company has, during the audit period 
covering the financial year ended on March 31, 2025 
generally complied with the statutory provisions listed 
hereunder and also that the Company has proper Board-
processes and compliance-mechanism in place to the 
extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting made 
hereinafter:
We have examined the books, papers, minute books, 
forms and returns filed and other records maintained by 
the Company for the financial year ended on March 31, 
2025 according to the provisions of:
Form No. MR-3
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule No. 9 of the Companies 
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]
ANNEXURE - VB
i.  The Companies Act, 2013 (‘ the Act’) and the Rules 
made thereunder;
ii.  The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 
(‘SCRA’) and the rules made thereunder; ( Not 
applicable to the Company during the audit period);
iii.  The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and 
Bye-laws framed thereunder; (Not applicable to the 
Company during the audit period);
iv.  The Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and 
the rules and regulations made thereunder to the 
extent of Foreign Direct Investment, Overseas Direct 
Investment and External Commercial Borrowings; 
(Not applicable to the Company during the audit 
period);
v.  The following Regulations and Guidelines 
prescribed under the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India Act, 1992 (‘SEBI Act’):-
(a) The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Substantial Acquisition of Shares and 
Takeovers) Regulations, 2011; ( Not applicable 
to the Company during the audit period);
(b) The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 
2015; (Not applicable to the Company during 
the audit period);
(c) The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2018; ( Not applicable to the 
Company during the audit period);
(d) The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat 
Equity) Regulations, 2021; ( Not applicable to 
the Company during the audit period);
 (e)  The Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Issue and Listing of Debt Securities) 
Regulations, 2008; ( Not applicable to the 
Company during the audit period);
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
83
===== PDF PAGE 63 =====
ANNEXURE - VB (Contd.)
 (f)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer 
Agents) Regulations, 1993 regarding the 
Companies Act and dealing with client; ( Not 
applicable to the Company during the audit 
period);
 (g)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021; 
(Not applicable to the Company during the 
audit period); and
 (h)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018; 
(Not applicable to the Company during the 
audit period).
vi. Other Applicable Laws: As informed by the 
management, there are no other laws specifically 
applicable to the Company.
We have also examined compliance with the applicable 
clauses of the followings: 
a. Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute of 
Company Secretaries of India (‘the ICSI’); and
b. Regulation 24A of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘ SEBI LODR ’) 
for applicability of Secretarial Audit to material 
unlisted subsidiaries incorporated in India.
As per the representations and clarifications made to 
us, during the audit period under review, the Company 
has complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, 
Regulations, Guidelines, Standards, etc. mentioned 
above.
We further report that:
The Board of Directors of the Company is duly 
constituted with proper balance of Executive Directors, 
Non-Executive Directors and Independent Directors. 
There were no changes took place in the composition of 
the Board of Directors during the period under review.
Adequate notice is given to all directors to schedule the 
Board Meetings, agenda and detailed notes on agenda 
were sent at least seven days in advance for meetings 
other than those held at shorter notice for which 
necessary consents have been sought at the meeting, 
and a system exists for seeking and obtaining further 
information and clarifications on the agenda items 
before the meeting and for meaningful participation at 
the meeting.
All decisions at Board Meetings were taken unanimously 
as recorded in the minutes of the meetings of the Board 
of Directors.
We further report that there are adequate systems and 
processes in the Company commensurate with the size 
and operations of the Company to monitor and ensure 
compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations, 
standards and guidelines.
We further report that during the audit period the 
Company had following events which had bearing on the 
Company’s affairs in pursuance of the above referred 
laws, rules, regulations, guidelines, standards, etc:
The members of the Company in the Annual General 
Meeting held on September 17 , 2024 accorded its approval 
by way of Special Resolution for waiver of recovery of 
excess managerial remuneration of ` 12,00,000/- paid 
to Mr. Jitendra Jagadev (DIN: 03469330), Director of the 
Company, for the financial year 2023-24, which was in 
excess of the limits prescribed under Schedule V of the 
Act and to the payment of remuneration to him, in excess 
of the limits specified in case of no profits /inadequate 
profits in accordance with the provisions of Schedule V 
of the Act or such other sum as may be permitted under 
the applicable provisions for a period of w.e.f. April 01, 
2024 till March 31, 2027 .
This Report is to be read with our letter of even date 
which is attached as ANNEXURE-A and forms an integral 
part of this Report.
For MAURYA & ASSOCIATES
COMPANY SECRETARIES
Firm Unique Code: S2019MH680700
CS Sanjay Maurya
Practicing Company Secretary
UDIN: F013622G000753889 FCS No: 13622 | COP No: 22070
Mumbai, July 15, 2025 PR No: 2759/2022
GOVERNANCE
84
ANNEXURE-A 
To,
The Members,
HELLOWORLD TECHNOLOGIES INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED
(CIN: U72200KA2019PTC122146)
556, Tattvam, 14th Main Road, 7th Sector, HSR Layout, 
Bangalore South, Bangalore 560102, Karnataka, India
Our report of even date is to be read along with this letter.
In accordance with the ICSI Auditing Standards (CSAS-1 to CSAS-4), we wish to state as under:
1. Maintenance of Secretarial records is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is 
to express an opinion on these Secretarial records based on our audit.
2. We have followed the audit practices and processes as wer e appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about 
the correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that 
correct facts are reflected in Secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices we followed proved 
a reasonable basis for our opinion.
3. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and books of account of the Company.
4. Wherever required, we have obtained the Management Representation about the  compliance of laws, rules and 
regulations and happening of events etc.
5. The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rule s, regulations, standards is the 
responsibility of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.
6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viabili ty of the Company nor of the efficacy or 
effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
For MAURYA & ASSOCIATES
COMPANY SECRETARIES
Firm Unique Code: S2019MH680700
CS Sanjay Maurya
Practicing Company Secretary
UDIN: F013622G000753713 FCS No: 13622 | COP No: 22070
Mumbai, July 15, 2025 PR No: 2759/2022
ANNEXURE - VB (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
85
===== PDF PAGE 64 =====
Particulars of energy conservation, technology absorption, foreign exchange earnings and outgo required under the 
Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014:
(a)  Conservation of energy:  considering the nature of the business of the Company, energy costs constitute a small 
portion of the total cost and there is not much scope for energy conservation.
(i) the steps are taken or impact on the conservation of energy.
Not Applicable(ii) the steps taken by the Company for utilizing alternate sources of energy
(iii) the capital investment in energy conservation equipment’s
(b) Technology absorption:
(i) the efforts made towards technology absorption
Not Applicable
(ii) the benefits derived like product improvement, cost reduction, product development, 
or import substitution
(iii) in case of imported technology (imported during the last three years reckoned from 
the beginning of the financial year)-
(a) the details of technology imported
(b) the year of import
(c) whether the technology has been fully absorbed
(d)  if not fully absorbed, areas where absorption has not taken place, and the 
reasons thereof
(iv) the expenditure incurred on Research and Development Nil
(c) Foreign exchange earnings and outgo
Total foreign exchange used and earned by Aurum PropTech Limited
(` in lakhs)
Year ended  
March 31, 2024
Year ended  
March 31, 2023
Exchange used 19.28 11.00
Exchange earned Nil Nil
ANNEXURE - VI
GOVERNANCE
86
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
INTRODUCTION: 
A Report on compliance with the principles of Corporate 
Governance as prescribed by The Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (SEBI) in terms of Regulation 
34 read with Chapter IV and Schedule V of SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 [SEBI Listing Regulations] and the report contains 
the details of Corporate Governance systems and 
processes at Aurum PropTech Limited.
COMPANY’S PHILOSOPHY ON CORPORATE 
GOVERNANCE 
Aurum PropTech Limited (“the Company”) is committed 
to strong corporate governance, believing it drives 
sustainable growth and long-term stakeholder value. The 
Company conducts its business ethically, transparently, 
and responsibly, adhering to legal and regulatory 
standards while upholding the highest corporate ethics.
Aurum PropTech’s Governance structure broadly 
comprises of the Board of Directors and the Committees 
of the Board at the apex level and the Management 
structure at the operational level. The Board sets out 
the overall corporate objectives and provides direction 
and independence to the management to achieve these 
objectives for value creation through sustained growth. 
The Board seeks accountability of the management in 
creating long-term sustainable growth to ensure that 
the aspirations of stakeholders are fulfilled thereby 
bringing about an enabling environment for value 
creation through sustainable and profitable growth. 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE, POLICIES 
AND PRACTICES
Aurum PropTech has a well-defined policy framework, 
inter alia consisting of the following:
  Code of Conduct for Directors and Senior 
Management Personnel
 Code of fair disclosures of unpublished price 
sensitive information
 Code of Conduct for Prohibition of Insider Trading
 Code of Ethics for all Employees
 Nomination and Remuneration Policy for Directors 
and KMP 
 Corporate Social Responsibility Policy
 Policy on Related Party Transactions
 Policy On Materiality of Related Party Transactions
 Policy for determining Material Subsidiaries
 Whistle Blower Policy
 Policy on Archival of Disclosures
 Policy on Board Diversity
 Policy on evaluation of performance of directors
 Familiarisation Programme for Independent 
Directors
 Policy on prevention of Sexual Harassment at 
workplace
 Policy on Disclosure of Material Events
 Information Technology Backup & Recovery Policy
 Information Technology Asset Management Policy
A. BOARD OF DIRECTORS (“THE BOARD”)
a. Size and Composition of the Board
  The Board of Directors as on March 31, 2025, 
comprised of 6 (six) Directors with an optimum 
combination of   Executive Director and Non-
Executive Directors. i.e. One Executive Director, two 
Non-Executive Directors and three Non-Executive 
Independent Directors, including one Woman 
Independent Director. 
  The Board Members are not related to each other, 
and the number of Directorships/Committee 
memberships held by Executive and Non-Executive 
Independent Directors are within the permissible 
limits under SEBI (LODR), Regulations, 2015 and 
Companies Act, 2013.
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
87
===== PDF PAGE 65 =====
   The details of each member of the Board as on March 31, 2025, along with the number of directorship(s)/committee 
membership(s) held by Directors in companies other than the Company along with all other requisite information 
are given herein below.
 None of the Director(s) on the Board: 
 - holds directorships in more than ten public companies. 
 - serves as Director or as Independent Director in more than seven listed entities. 
 and The Whole-Time director does not serve as an Independent Director in any listed enti ty.
Name of the Director 
& DIN
Designation Original 
Date of 
Appointment
Directorship 
in other 
Indian 
Companies
Position held in 
Committees of the 
Board of other Indian 
Companies
Share
holding 
as on             
March 31, 
2025As Chair 
-person
As Member
Mr. Vasant Gujarathi
(DIN: 06863505)
Non-Executive 
Independent 
Director  
March 03, 2020 5 2 2 NIL 
Mr. Ajit Joshi  
(DIN: 08108620)
Non-Executive 
Independent 
Director  
July 23, 2021 1 NIL NIL NIL 
Dr. Padma Deosthali 
(DIN: 09250994)
Non-Executive 
Independent 
Director  
July 23, 2021 2 NIL NIL NIL 
Mr. Ramashrya Yadav 
(DIN: 00145051)
Non-Executive 
Director  
July 23, 2021 6 NIL NIL 47 ,900
Mr. Srirang Athalye  
(DIN: 02546964)
Non- Executive 
Director 
May 04, 2021 17 NIL 1 1,23,152
Mr. Onkar Shetye  
(DIN: 06372831)
Executive Director May 04, 2021 5 NIL NIL 39,474
 Notes:
1) Directorships in other companies include public companies only. 
2)  Number of directorships of the Directors are within the permissible limits a s prescribed under Section 165 of 
the Act and Regulation 17A of SEBI Listing Regulations. 
3)  Necessary disclosures regarding changes in Committee positions, if any, have been made by all the Directors 
during the year under review. None of the Director is a member of more than ten Committ ees or Chairman/
Chairperson of more than five Committees across all Indian Public limited companies. For this purpose, only 
Audit Committee and Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee has been considered as required under Regulation 
26(1) of the SEBI Listing Regulations.
4) The Company has not issued any convertible instruments.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Contd.)
GOVERNANCE
88
 List of Directorship in other Listed Entities
Name of the Director Name of other Listed Entity Category of 
Directorship
Mr. Vasant Vitthaldas Gujarathi  
(DIN: 06863505)
S H Kelkar and Company Limited   
(CIN: L74999MH1955PLC009593)
Independent 
Director
Mr. Ajit Joshi  
(DIN: 08108620)
None Not Applicable
Dr. Padma Deosthali  
(DIN: 09250994)
None Not Applicable
Mr. Ramashrya Yadav  
(DIN: 00145051)
None Not Applicable
Mr. Srirang Athalye   
(DIN: 02546964)
None Not Applicable
Mr. Onkar Shetye  
(DIN: 06372831)
None Not Applicable
b. Attendance of the Directors at Board Meetings and Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) 
During the year ended March 31, 2025, Six Board meetings were held April 29, 2024, July 19, 2024, September 
10, 2024, September 25, 2024, October 21, 2024, January 20, 2025, and the gap of betw een two meetings did not 
exceed one hundred and twenty days. The Board Meetings are prescheduled, and adequate notice is given to the 
Board members. The necessary quorum was present for all the meetings.
Board Meetings are generally held at the registered office of the Company  either through video conference or 
through physical presence.
Attendance of the Directors at Board meetings held during the Financial Year (FY) 2024-25 and AGM held on 
September 26, 2024, is given below.
Name of the Director Attendance at
Board Meeting Last AGM
Mr. Vasant Gujarathi  
(DIN: 06863505)
6/6 Present
Mr. Ajit Joshi  
(DIN: 08108620)
6/5 Present
Mrs. Padma Deosthali  
(DIN: 09250994)
6/6 Present
Mr. Ramashrya Yadav  
(DIN: 00145051)
6/5 Absent
Mr. Srirang Athalye   
(DIN: 02546964)
6/6 Present
Mr. Onkar Shetye  
(DIN: 06372831)
6/6 Present
c. Skills, Expertise and Competence of the Board of Directors
The Board comprises qualified and experienced members who possess required skills, expertise and competencies 
that allow them to make effective contributions to the Board and its Committees.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
89
===== PDF PAGE 66 =====
The following skills/expertise/competencies have been identified for the effective functioning of the Company and 
are currently available with the Board:
  Information Technology
  Financial Acumen
  Strategic Management
 Mergers and Acquisitions
 Market Understanding
 Board Governance
All the Board members possess the skills and core expertise.
Considering size and nature of business of the Company and its material subsidiary, the Directors possess one or 
more skills, expertise and competencies as mentioned below
Skill/Expertise/Competencies Description Name of the Director
Information Technology Significant experience and knowledge in 
technology industry to identify opportunities 
& threats for the Company’s core business 
and ability to review the competitive business 
strategies.
• Mr. Onkar Shetye
Financial Acumen Ability to evaluate and analyze the Company’s 
financial performance, experience in financial 
management and financial reporting processes.
• Mr. Vasant Gujarathi
• Mr. Srirang Athalye
• Mr. Ramashrya Yadav
Mergers and Acquisitions Ability to evaluate potential target in line with 
the Company’s strategy, appropriate valuation of 
transaction and operational integration structure 
with the Company’s culture.
• Mr. Srirang Athalye
• Mr. Ramashrya Yadav
• Mr. Ajit Joshi
Strategic Management Ability to think strategically, identify and acces s 
strategic opportunities and threats.
• Mr. Srirang Athalye
• Mr. Ramashrya Yadav
Market Understanding Understanding of Real estate market trends and 
dynamics
• Onkar Shetye
• Srirang Athalye
Board Governance Ability to contribute to the Board’s role towards 
setting & upholding the highest standards of 
governance & ethics, integrity and protection of 
shareholders’ interests.
• Mr. Vasant Gujarathi
• Mr. Ramashrya Yadav
• Mr. Srirang Athalye
• Dr. Padma Deosthali
d.  Familiarization Programme for Independent 
Directors
In order to familiarize the Independent Directors 
with the business of the Company, an appropriate 
induction program for new Directors and an ongoing 
familiarization program for the Independent 
Directors were conducted by the Company. The 
details of the said familiarization program are 
available on the Company’s website at the web link 
https://www.aurumproptech.in/investor/policies. 
Further, regular updates are provided to the Board 
by the Company’s Senior Management in the 
areas of operations, industry trends, regulatory 
compliances, competition, strategy and future 
outlook.
At the time of appointment/re-appointment, a formal 
letter of appointment/re-appointment is issued to 
every Director, including an Independent Director. 
The letter of the appointment, inter alia, explains 
role, functions, duties and responsibilities as a 
Director of the Company under various provisions 
of the Act and the SEBI Listing Regulations. 
Format of the letter of appointment is available on 
the Company’s website at weblink https://www.
aurumproptech.in/investor/policies .
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Contd.)
GOVERNANCE
90
The aforesaid programs help the Directors to 
understand the Company, its business and the 
regulatory framework in which the Company 
operates and equip them to effectively fulfil their 
role as a Director of the Company.
e. Meeting of Independent Directors
  The Independent Directors of the Company met 
once in Financial Year , without the attendance of 
non-independent directors and members of the 
Management. In the said meeting, the Independent 
Directors reviewed the matters as stated in the SEBI 
Listing Regulations and as per the Act. Action items, 
if any, are communicated and tracked to closure, to 
the satisfaction of Independent Directors.
f. Confirmation from the Board from Directors
The Independent Directors have furnished 
declarations that they meet the criteria of 
independence as laid down under Section 149(6) of 
the Act and Regulation 16(1) (b) of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations. In terms of Regulation 25(8) of SEBI 
Listing Regulations, they have confirmed that they 
are not aware of any circumstance or situation 
which exists or may be reasonably anticipated that 
could impair or impact their ability to discharge 
their duties. The maximum tenure of Independent 
Directors is in compliance with the Companies Act, 
2013 (“the Act”) and the Listing Regulations. The 
Independent Directors have also confirmed that 
they have registered themselves in the databank of 
persons offering to become Independent Directors.
Every Independent Director, at the first meeting 
of the Board in which he participates as a Director 
and thereafter at the first meeting of the Board 
in every financial year, gives a declaration that he 
meets the criteria of independence and submits the 
declaration regarding the status of holding other 
directorship and membership as provided under 
law. 
Based on the intimations/disclosures received from 
the Directors periodically, none of the Director is a 
Director in more than 10 public limited companies (as 
specified in section 165 of the Act) and Director in 
more than 7 listed entities (as specified in Regulation 
17A of the Listing Regulations, 2015) or acts as 
an Independent Director (including any alternate 
directorships) in more than 7 listed companies or 
3 equity listed companies in case he/she serves as 
a Whole-time Director/Managing Director in any 
listed company (as specified in Regulation 17A of 
the Listing Regulations, 2015). Further, none of the 
Directors on the Board is a member of more than 
10 Committees and Chairperson of more than 5 
Committees (as specified in Regulation 26 of the 
Listing Regulations, 2015), across all the Indian 
public limited companies in which he/she is a 
Director.
Further, the Independent Directors have included 
their names in the data bank of Independent 
Directors maintained with the Indian Institute of 
Corporate Affairs in terms of Section 150 of the Act 
read with Rule 6 of the Companies (Appointment 
and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014. Further, 
none of the Independent Directors serve as Non-
Independent Director of any company on the Board 
of which any of the Non-Independent Director is an 
Independent Director.
The Board of Directors be and hereby confirm 
that in the opinion of the Board, the Independent 
Directors fulfil the conditions specified by the 
Listing Regulations, 2015 and they are independent 
of the management.
g.  Disclosure of relationship between Directors 
inter-se
None of the Directors are related to any other 
Director of the Company.
h. Conflict of Interests 
Each Director informs the Company on an 
annual basis about the Board and the Committee 
positions he occupies in other companies including 
Chairmanships and notifies changes during the year. 
The Members of the Board while discharging their 
duties, avoid conflict of interest in the decision-
making process. The Members of the Board restrict 
themselves from any discussions and voting in 
transactions in which they have concern or interest.
B. COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD
  The Board has constituted the following committees 
and laid out terms of reference for each committee.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
91
===== PDF PAGE 67 =====
(i) Audit Committee
(ii) Nomination and Remuneration Committee
(iii) Investors’ Grievances and Stakeholders’ 
Relationship Committee
(iv) Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
(v) Executive Investment Committee
  Mrs. Sonia Jain acted as secretary to all the 
committees constituted by the Board.
 (i) Audit Committee 
   The powers, role and terms of reference 
of the Audit Committee cover the areas as 
contemplated under Regulation 18 of the SEBI 
Listing Regulations and Section 177 of the 
Act, as applicable along with other terms as 
referred by the Board of Directors.
   The extract of primary terms of reference, 
inter alia, include:
(a) Oversight of the Company’s financial 
reporting process and disclosure of its 
financial information to ensure that 
the financial statements are correct, 
sufficient and credible;
(b) Recommendation for appointment, 
remuneration and terms of appointment 
of auditors;
(c) Review, with the management, of the 
annual financial statements and Auditor’s 
report thereon before submission to 
the Board for approval, with particular 
reference to following:
 Matters required to be included in the 
Director’s Responsibility Statement 
to be included in the Board’s Report 
in terms of Section 134(3)(c) of the 
Companies Act, 2013;
 Any changes in accounting policies & 
practices and reasons for the same;
 Major accounting entries involving 
estimates based on the exercise of 
judgment by the management;
 Significant adjustments made in the 
financial statements arising out of 
audit findings;
 Compliance with listing and other 
legal requirements relating to 
financial statements;
 Disclosure of any related party 
transactions;
 Modified opinion(s), if any, in the 
draft audit report
(d) Review and monitoring of the auditor’s 
independence & performance and 
effectiveness of audit process;
(e) Approval or any subsequent modification 
of related party transactions of the 
Company;
(f) Evaluation of Internal Financial Controls 
and Risk Management Systems/Policies;
(g) Review the functioning of the Whistle-
Blower Mechanism;
(h) Approve policies in relation to the 
implementation of the Insider Trading 
Code and supervise implementation of 
the same.
The Statutory Auditors of the Company 
are invited to attend and participate in the 
meetings of the Audit Committee.
Details of composition, meetings held and 
attendance during 2024-25 
The Committee met five times during the year 
on April 29, 2024, July 19, 2024, September 25, 
2024, October 21, 2024 and January 20, 2025.
Name of the 
Member
Category Number of 
meetings 
attended
Mr. Vasant 
Gujarathi 
(Chairman)
Independent 
Director
5/5
Mr. Ajit Joshi Independent 
Director
5/5
Mr. Srirang 
Athalye
Non- Executive 
Director
5/5
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Contd.)
GOVERNANCE
92
 (ii) Nomination and Remuneration Committee
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
of the Company is constituted in line with the 
provisions of Regulation 19 of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations, 2015 read with Section 178 of the 
Act.
The primary terms of reference, inter alia, 
include:
(a) To formulate criteria for determining 
qualifications, positive attributes 
and independence of a director and 
recommend to the Board a policy relating 
to the remuneration of the directors, 
key managerial personnel and other 
employees;
(b) For every appointment of an independent 
director, the Committee shall evaluate 
the balance of skills, knowledge and 
experience on the Board and on the 
basis of such evaluation, prepare a 
description of the role and capabilities 
required of an independent director. The 
person recommended to the Board for 
appointment as an independent director 
shall have the capabilities identified in 
such description. 
  For the purpose of identifying suitable 
candidates, the Committee may:
a.  use the services of an external 
agencies, if required;
b.  consider candidates from a wide 
range of backgrounds, having due 
regard to diversity; and
c.  consider the time commitments of 
the candidates.
(c) To formulate criteria for evaluation of 
performance of Independent Directors 
and the Board of Directors;
(d) To identify persons who are qualified 
to become Director or who may be 
appointed in senior management of the 
Company in accordance with the criteria 
laid down and recommend to the Board 
their appointment and removal;
(e) To ascertain whether to extend or 
continue the term of appointment of 
the Independent Director, on basis 
of performance evaluation report of 
Independent Directors;
(f) Recommend to the board, the 
remuneration of the Directors, Key 
Managerial Personnel and other 
employees and in whatever form payable 
to senior management.
(g) Oversee familiarization programs for 
Directors.  
(h) Undertake any other matters as the Board 
may decide from time to time.
Details of composition, meetings held and 
attendance during 2024-25
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
met twice during the year on April 26, 2024 
and July  19, 2024. 
Name of the 
Member
Category Number of 
meetings 
attended
Mr. Ajit Joshi 
(Chairman)
Independent 
Director
2/2
Mr. Vasant 
Gujarathi
Independent 
Director
2/2
Mr. Srirang 
Athalye
Non- Executive 
Director
2/2
During the year, performance evaluation 
exercise of the Board as a whole, 
Board  Committees and Peer Evaluation of 
the Directors were carried out by following 
internal  methodology, details of which are 
provided in the Board of Directors’ Report.
   Criteria of Performance Evaluation of 
Independent Directors
i. Independent Directors are expected to 
bring in objectivity and independent view 
during the Board’s deliberations relating 
to the Company’s strategy, performance 
and risk management and ensure the 
highest standards of financial probity and 
corporate governance.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
93
===== PDF PAGE 68 =====
ii. Independent Directors are also expected 
to commit and allocate sufficient time to 
meet the expectations of their role, to the 
satisfaction of the Board.
iii. Conflict of Interest: The Independent 
Directors shall not involve themselves in 
situations which directly or indirectly may 
conflict with the interests of the Company. 
It is accepted and acknowledged that they 
may have business interests, other than 
those of the Company. As a precondition 
to their appointment as Independent 
Directors, they are required to declare 
their directorships and interest to the 
Board, in writing in the prescribed format, 
at the time of their appointment.
iv. The performance evaluation criteria for 
Independent Directors are determined by 
NRC. An indicative list of Factors on which 
evaluation carried was carried out includes 
participation and contribution by director, 
commitment, effective deployment of 
knowledge and expertise, integrity and 
maintenance of confidentiality, and 
independence of behavior and judgement.
 (iii)  Investors’ Grievances and Stakeholders’ 
Relationship Committee
The Investors’ Grievances and Stakeholders 
Relationship Committee of the Company 
is constituted in line with the provisions of 
Regulation 20 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, 
2015 read with Section 178 of the Act.
The Investors’ Grievances and Stakeholders 
Relationship Committee is responsible for the 
satisfactory redressal of investor complaints 
and recommends measures for overall 
improvement in the quality of investor services.
The terms of reference, inter alia, include:
(a) Review and resolve the grievances of 
the security holders of the Company 
including complaints related to transfer/
transmission of shares, non-receipt of 
annual report, non-receipt of declared 
dividends, issue of new/duplicate 
certificates, general meetings etc.
(b) Review measures taken for effective 
exercise of voting rights by shareholders.
(c) Review the adherence to the service 
standards adopted by the listed entity in 
respect of various services being rendered 
by the Registrar & Share Transfer Agent. 
(d) Review the various measures and 
initiatives taken by the listed entity for 
reducing the quantum of unclaimed 
dividends and ensuring timely payment 
of dividend/dispatch of annual reports/
statutory notices to the shareholders of 
the Company.
Details of composition, meetings held and 
attendance during 2024-25
The Investors’ Grievances and Stakeholders 
Relationship Committee met once during the 
year on April 26, 2024.
Name of the 
Member
Category Number of 
meetings 
attended
Mr. Ramashrya 
Yadav 
(Chairman)
Non-Executive 
Director
1/0
Mr. Ajit Joshi Non-Executive 
Independent 
Director
1/1
Mr. Onkar 
Shetye
Executive 
Director
1/1
Your Company has designated e-mail ID, 
investors@aurumproptech.in for the redressal 
of any shareholders’ related grievances 
exclusively for the purpose of registering 
service requests by members/stakeholders. 
Your Company has also displayed the 
said e-mail ID under the Investors section 
on the website at weblink  https://www.
aurumproptech.in/investor/investor-faqs  
and other relevant details prominently for 
investors/shareholders’ awareness.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Contd.)
GOVERNANCE
94
Nature of Complaints and Redressal Status:
Investor Complaint No. of complaints 
including through 
SEBI SCORES 
platform
Complaints pending at 
the beginning of the 
2024-25
0
Number of Complaints 
received during the 
2024-25
3
Number of Complaints 
redressed during the 
2024-25
3
Complaints pending at 
the end of the 2024-25
0
All requests were resolved to the satisfaction 
of shareholders.
 (iv)  Corporate Social Responsibility Committee 
(CSR Committee)
The Board has constituted the CSR Committee 
as per the requirement of the Companies Act, 
2013 along with applicable rules.
The terms of reference, inter alia, include:
(a) Formulation and recommendation to the 
Board, a Corporate Social Responsibility 
Policy which shall indicate the activities 
to be undertaken by the Company 
as specified in Schedule VII of the 
Companies Act, 2013.
(b) To identify the areas of CSR activities and 
recommend the amount of expenditure to 
be incurred on such activities.
(c) To coordinate with such other agency 
for transparent monitoring mechanisms, 
implementing programs and executing 
initiatives as per CSR policy and shall 
review the performance of such other 
agency periodically.
(d)      To report regularly to the Board.
   Details of composition, meetings held and 
attendance during 2024-25
The Corporate Social Responsibility 
Committee met once during the year on April 
26, 2024.
Name of the 
Member
Category Number of 
meetings 
attended
Mr. Srirang 
Athalye 
(Chairman)
Non- Executive 
Director
1/1
Mr. Ramashrya 
Yadav
Non-Executive 
Director
1/0
Mr. Vasant 
Gujarathi
Independent 
Director
1/1
Mrs. Padma 
Deosthali
Independent 
Director
1/1
 (v) Executive Investment Committee
The Executive Investment Committee is formed 
to exercise such powers as specified in clauses 
(d) to (f) of sub-section 2 of Section 179  of the 
Companies Act, 2013. The Committee reports 
and note the matters approved/transacted, on 
a quarterly basis or subsequent board meeting 
whichever is earlier.
The terms of reference, inter alia, include: 
1.  To approve the opening/operation/closing 
of bank accounts and authorization to 
persons to operate the same. 
2.  To approve revisions to authorized 
signatories of the Company. 
3.  To approve the issuance of letters of 
authority/powers of attorney on behalf of 
the Company. 
4.  To take decisions on other administrative 
matters. 
5.   To review proposals related to 
acquisitions, divestments and business 
restructuring proposals.
6.  To delegate any one or more of its powers 
as the Executive Investment Committee 
may deem fit.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
95
===== PDF PAGE 69 =====
   The terms of reference of all the above 
committees are available on the website 
https://www.aurumproptech.in/investor
   Details of composition, meetings held and 
attendance during 2024-25
The Executive Investment Committee was 
constituted on October 30, 2021 and consists 
of five (5) members:
The Committee met two times during the year 
on April 10, 2024 and March 01, 2025.
Name of the 
Member
Category Number of 
meetings 
attended
Mr. Ajit Joshi 
(Chairman) 
Independent 
Director
1/2
Mr. Ramashrya 
Yadav
Non-Executive 
Director
2/2
Name of the 
Member
Category Number of 
meetings 
attended
Mr. Onkar 
Shetye
Executive 
Director
2/2
Mr. Srirang 
Athalye
Non-Executive 
Director
2/2
Mr. Kunal Karan Chief Financial 
Officer
2/2
  COMMITTEE MINUTES
  Minutes of all the Committees of the Board are 
prepared by the Secretary of the Committee, 
approved by the Chairman of the Meeting, entered 
in their respective Minutes Book within stipulate 
time frame, circulated to the Board in the Agenda 
for the succeeding meeting, adopted and taken on 
record.
C. SENIOR MANAGEMENT:
 Particulars of senior management including the changes therein since the close of the previous financial year:
Sr 
no.
Name Designation Function Date of 
appointment
Date of cessation
1 Kunal Karan Chief Financial Officer Finance June 01, 2015 -
2 Sonia Jain Company Secretary Legal and 
Compliance
June 01, 2022 -
3 Sonia Jain Compliance Officer February 17 , 2023 -
4 Sachin Gharat* Program Manager Technology May 25, 2021
5 Hirenkumar Ladva# EVP-Investment Investment 
Management
April 04, 2022 -
6 Himanshu Thosar Chief Digital Officer IT Infrastructure April 17 , 2023 -
*Mr. Sachin Gharat resigned w.e.f July 31, 2025. 
#Hirenkumar Ladva elevated as CEO in Bonds Brain Technologies Private Limited (Wholly Owned Subsidiary) w.e.f 
March 13, 2025
D. REMUNERATION PAID TO DIRECTORS DURING THE FY ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(i) During the year, there was no pecuniary relationship or transaction between t he Company and any of its Non-
Executive Director/Independent Directors apart from sitting fees for attending m eetings of the Board and 
Committees.
 (ii) Criteria for making payment to Non-Executive/Independent Directors 
 All the Independent Directors are Independent of management and free from any b usiness or other 
relationship that could materially influence their judgment. All the independent directors satisfy the criteria of 
independence as defined under Regulation 16 (1) (b) of SEBI Listing Regulations.
 The criteria for making payment to Non-Executive/Independent Directors is av ailable on the website of the 
Company at the web link https://www.aurumproptech.in/investor/policies. 
 Non-Executive/Independent Directors were only paid sitting fees for attending Board and Board Committee 
meetings for the 2024-25. None of the Non-Executive Independent Directors held any share in the Company.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Contd.)
GOVERNANCE
96
 The sitting fees [Remuneration] paid to the Non-Executive/Independent Directors  during the 2024-25 are as 
below:
Sr. 
No.
Name Category Sitting Fees  
(in lakhs)
Stock Options 
(ESOP) Exercised
1 Vasant Gujarathi Independent Director 8.00 Nil
2 Ajit Joshi Independent Director 7.7 5 Nil
3 Padma Deosthali Independent Director 4.50 Nil
4 Ramashrya Yadav Non-Executive Director 4.25 Nil
5 Srirang Athalye Non-Executive Director 8.00 Nil
 (iii) Remuneration paid to Executive Directors 
The appointment and remuneration of all the Executive Director of the Company  is governed by the 
recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee; Resolutions passed by the Board of 
Directors and Shareholders of the Company. 
The remuneration package of all the Executive Directors comprises salary,  perquisites allowances and 
Performance linked incentives and other Retirement Benefit Funds as approved by the shareholders at the 
General Meetings. Annual increments are linked to performance and are decided by the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee and recommended to the Board for approval thereof.
The remuneration policy is directed towards rewarding performance, based on review of achievements. It is 
aimed at attracting and retaining high-caliber talent. The Nomination and Remuneration Policy is displayed on 
the Company’s website at the web link https://aurumproptech.in/investor/policies/
The remuneration paid to the Executive Directors during the 2024-25 is as below:
Name of 
Director and 
Designation
Salary Commission Gratuity Bonus Pension Performance
linked
incentives
Performance
criteria
Notice
Period/
service 
contracts
Stock 
Options
Onkar 
Shetye
(Executive 
Directors)
53,13,000 - As per 
Rules 
of the 
Company
- - 15,93,900 Performance
criteria is
based on the
performance
of the
Director
and as may
decided by
the Board
from time to
time.
 Three 
months
* 51,97 ,548 
  *Mr. Onkar Shetye has exercised 70,000 ESOPs during the FY 2024-25.
E. GOVERNANCE TO SHAREHOLDERS 
1. AGM held during last three years
FY Details of date, day, time and venue 
of AGM 
Summary of Special Resolution(s) passed
2023-24 Date: September 26, 2024
Day: Thursday, Time: 02:00 P.M.
Venue: Through Video Conferencing 
(“VC”)/Other Audio Visual Means 
(“OAVM”)
i. Re-appointment of Mr. Vasant Gujarathi (DIN: 06863505) 
as an Independent Director of the Company
ii. Approve the borrowing limits in excess of the Paid-up 
Share Capital, Free Reserves and Securities Premium of 
the Company pursuant to 180(1)(c) of the Companies Act, 
2013
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
97
===== PDF PAGE 70 =====
FY Details of date, day, time and venue 
of AGM 
Summary of Special Resolution(s) passed
iii. Approval in respect of waiver of excess managerial 
remuneration of Mr. Onkar Shetye (DIN: 06372831), 
Executive Whole Time Director and waiver of excess 
remuneration of Mr. Srirang Athalye (DIN: 02546964), 
pursuant to exercise of stock options
iv. To approve revision of remuneration to Executive and Non-
Executive Directors of the Company by way of exercise of 
stock options
2022-23 Date: September 28, 2023
Day: Thursday, Time: 02:00 P.M.
Venue: Through Video Conferencing 
(“VC”)/Other Audio Visual Means 
(“OAVM”
i.  Approve the variation in the estimated amount of objects   
of rights issue proceeds.
2021-22 Date: September 29, 2022
Day: Thursday, Time: 02:00 P.M.
Venue: Through Video Conferencing 
(“VC”)/Other Audio Visual Means 
(“OAVM”)
i. Increase in limits for raising of funds by way of issue of 
securities including but not limited to Equity Shares and/
or any other securities convertible into or exchangeable 
with Equity Shares and/or Non-Convertible Debentures 
with or without warrants through Rights Issue/Further 
Public Offer/Qualified Institutions Placement (QIP)/
Preferential Issue or through any other permissible mode 
or a combination thereof, as may be permitted under 
applicable laws, subject to the approval of the members of 
the Company, if required and other appropriate approvals, 
the existing limit from ` 6,00,00,00,000/- (Rupees Six 
Hundred Crore Only) to ` 10,00,00,00,000 (Rupees One 
Thousand Crore Only).
ii. Increasing the limits applicable for making investments 
from ` 3,00,00,00,000/- (Rupees Three Hundred Crore 
Only) to ` 6,00,00,00,000/- (Rupees Six Hundred Crore 
Only) and for extending loans and giving guarantees or 
providing securities in connection with loans to any Person 
or other Body Corporate from ` 3,00,00,00,000/- (Rupees 
Three Hundred Crore Only) to ` 6,00,00,00,000/- (Rupees 
Six Hundred Crore Only).
iii. Approve the borrowing limits in excess of the Paidup 
Share Capital, Free Reserves and Securities Premium of 
the Company pursuant to 180 (1) (c) of the Companies Act, 
2013.
iv. Approve the creation of charges on the assets of the 
Company under Section 180(1)(a) of the Companies
 Act, 2013 to secure the borrowings made/to be made 
under section 180(1)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013.
v. Approve the Issuance of ESOP to the employees of the 
Subsidiary/ies of the Company.
vi. Approve the change in objects of rights issue proceeds.
2. Whether Special resolutions were put through Postal Ballot last year? No 
3. During the year under review, Extraordinary General Meeting of the members of t he Company was convened on 
October 19, 2024
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Contd.)
GOVERNANCE
98
VI. COMMUNICATION WITH THE SHAREHOLDERS
(i) Financial Results
 The quarterly Financial Results of the Company are 
published in accordance with the requirements of 
the SEBI Listing Regulations.
(ii)  Newspapers wherein results are normally 
published
 The Board of Directors of the Company approves 
the quarterly, half yearly and annual financial 
results in the format prescribed under Regulation 
33 of the SEBI Listing Regulations. The approved 
financial results are submitted to the Stock 
Exchanges within the prescribed time. The financial 
results and other statutory notices are published in 
newspapers Financial Express (English), Mumbai 
Lakshadeep (Marathi), Freepress Journal (English), 
and Navshakti (Marathi)
(iii) Any website, where displayed
 The Company’s website has a separate section 
where the shareholders’ information is available. 
The financial results are also displayed on the 
Company’s website at https://aurumproptech.
in/investor/financial-information/quarterly-
earnings/. Annual reports of the Company are also 
available on the website in a user-friendly and 
downloadable form. Other information relating to 
quarterly shareholding pattern, quarterly corporate 
governance report are available on the Company’s 
website at the web link https://www.aurumproptech.
in/investor/cg-report. 
(iv) Whether it also displays official news releases
 Official news releases are displayed on the 
Company’s website: https://aurumproptech.in/
investor/news-press-releases/. 
(v)  Earning conference calls and presentations to 
Institutional Investors/Analysts
 During the 2024-25, audio recordings and transcript 
of the meetings available on the Company’s 
website at the web link https://aurumproptech.in/
investor/financial-information/quarterly-earnings/. 
No unpublished price sensitive information is 
discussed in the meetings with institutional 
investors and financial analysts.
(vi) Annual Report
 Annual Report containing, inter alia, Audited Annual 
Accounts, Consolidated Financial Statements 
Director’s Report, Auditor’s Report and other 
important information is circulated to members 
and others entitled thereto. The Management 
Discussion and Analysis Reports forms part of the 
Annual Reports and is displayed on the Company’s 
website at the web link https://aurumproptech.in/
investor/financial-information/annual-reports/
(vii) SEBI Complaints Redress System (SCORES)
  The investor complaints are processed in a 
centralised web-based complaints redress system. 
The salient features of this system are: Centralized 
database of all complaints, online upload of Action 
Taken Reports (ATRs) by concerned companies and 
online viewing by investors of actions taken on the 
complaint and its current status.
VII. GENERAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INFORMATION
(i) Twelfth AGM
  Twelfth AGM of the Company for the 2024-25 is 
scheduled to be held on, September 23, 2025 at 
2:00 P. M. through Video Conferencing (VC)/Other 
Audio Visual Means (OAVM) mode.
(ii) Financial Year (FY)
 The Company follows April-March as the FY. 
  Tentative Calendar for FY ending March 31, 2025-
26
  The tentative dates of the meeting of the Board 
of Directors for consideration of quarterly/annual 
financial results are as follows.
For the quarter ending Tentative Date of 
Announcement of 
financial results 
(subject to change)
June 30, 2025 July 15, 2025
September 30, 2025 On or before November 
14, 2025
December 31, 2025 On or before February 
14, 2026
March 31, 2026 On or before May 30, 
2026
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
99
===== PDF PAGE 71 =====
Annual General Meeting for the Year ending March 
31, 2025: On or before September 30, 2025.
(iii) Dividend
During the year no dividend was declared by the 
Company.
(iv) Listing on Stock Exchanges 
Equity Shares:
1.  Name: BSE Limited
  Address: Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal 
Street,
 Mumbai – 400 001
 Stock Code: 539289 and 890168
2.   Name: National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited
  Address: Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla
 Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051.
 Stock Code: AURUM and AURUMPP1
(v) Listing Fees payment: 
The Company has paid listing fees to the Stock 
Exchanges for the FY 2025-26.
(vi) Payment of Depository Fees
Annual Custody/Issuer fee is being paid by the 
Company within the due date based on invoices 
received from the Depositories.
(vii)  Registrar & Share Transfer Agent (RTA) and 
Contact details
Kfin Technologies 
Limited
Telephone: +91 40 6716 
1633
Selenium Tower B, Plot 
31-32, 
Toll Free no.: 1800-345-
4001
Financial District, 
Nanakramguda,
Fax: +91 40 2342 0814
Hyderabad – 500 032, 
India
E-mail: einward.ris@
kfintech.com 
Website: www.kfintech.
com
(viii) Share Transfer System
With effect from April 1, 2019, SEBI has barred 
physical transfer (except cases of transmission 
or transposition) of shares of listed companies 
and mandated transfer of securities only in the 
dematerialized form. However, investors are not 
barred from holding shares in physical form.
Transfer of equity shares in electronic form 
are affected through the depositories with no 
involvement of the Company.
We request shareholders whose shares are in 
physical mode to dematerialize their shares and 
update their bank accounts and email IDs with the 
respective depository participants to enable us to 
provide better service.
Share transfer and related operations for the 
Company is conducted by M/s Kfin Technologies 
Ltd. Share transfer is normally affected within 
maximum period of 30 days from the date of receipt, 
subject to the documents being valid and complete 
in all respects.
 Shareholding as on March 31, 2025
(ix) Distribution of Shareholding as on March 31, 2025
Distribution Schedule - Consolidated As on 31-03-2025
Category (Amount) No. of Cases % of Cases Total Shares Amount % of Amount
01-5,000 59,768 95.874238 53,58,910 2,67 ,94,550 7 .420464
5,001- 10,000 1,173 1.881617 17 ,33,599 86,67 ,995 2.400509
10,001- 20,000 649 1.041065 18,29,902 91,49,510 2.533859
20,001- 30,000 226 0.362528 11,25,199 56,25,995 1.558059
30,001- 40,000 98 0.157202 6,98,527 34,92,635 0.967248
40,001- 50,000 90 0.14437 8,39,663 41,98,315 1.162678
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Contd.)
GOVERNANCE
100
Distribution Schedule - Consolidated As on 31-03-2025
Category (Amount) No. of Cases % of Cases Total Shares Amount % of Amount
50,001- 1,00,000 136 0.218158 19,65,265 98,26,325 2.721296
1,00,001 & Above 200 0.320821 5,86,66,924 29,33,34,620 81.235887
Total 62,340 100 7 ,22,17 ,989 36,10,89,945 100
(x) Dematerialization of Shares
As on March 31, 2025, 99.80% of our shares were held in dematerialized form and the rest in physical form. Shares 
held in demat, and physical mode (folio-based) are as follows:
Date Status of shares - Physical versus Demat Mode
Physical % Demat % Total
March 31, 2025 13,3401 0.18 7 ,20,84,588 99.81 7 ,22,17 ,989
March 31, 2024 1,41,989 0.20 7 ,19,32,900 99.80 7 ,20,74,889
(xi) Summary of Shareholding Pattern as on March 31, 2025
Sr. 
No. 
Description As on March 31, 2025
No. of Shares % Equity
I Promoter Shareholding 
Indian Promoters 3,60,32,859 49.89
Non-Resident/Foreign Promoters - -
Total (I) 3,60,32,859 49.89
II Institutional Shareholding
Mutual Funds 1,600 0.00
Alternate Investment Fund - -
Foreign Portfolio Investors & Foreign Institutional Investor          2,77 ,684 0.38
Banks 415 0.00
Total (II) 2,79,879 0.38
III Public Shareholding (excluding above categories) 3,59,05,431 50.00
 Grand Total (I+II+III)  7 ,22,17 ,989 100.00
(xii)  Outstanding GDRs/ADRs/Warrants or any 
convertible instruments: 
There are no outstanding GDRs/ADRs/Warrants 
except stock options granted to the employees 
of the Company and its subsidiaries. Outstanding 
stock options after vesting, when exercised, shall 
increase the paid-up equity share capital of the 
Company to that extent.
(xiii)  Commodity price risk or foreign exchange risk & 
hedging activity:
The Company is not exposed to foreign exchange 
risk and the Company does not have any exposure 
hedged through commodity derivatives.
The Company does not deal in commodities and 
hence the disclosure is not required to be given for 
commodity hedging activities.
(xiv) Off-shore Development Centers:
The Company do not have any off-shore 
development centers.
(xv)  Address for correspondence by shareholders/
investors:
Company Registrar & Share 
Transfer Agent
Mrs. Sonia Jain Kfin Technologies Limited 
Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer
(Unit: Aurum PropTech 
Limited)
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 
2024-25
101
===== PDF PAGE 72 =====
Company Registrar & Share 
Transfer Agent
Aurum Q1, Aurum Q Parc, Selenium Tower B, 
Plot 31-32, Financial 
District, Nanakramguda, 
Hyderabad – 500 032
Thane Belapur Road, Navi 
Mumbai – 400 710, India
Ph. No. : (040) 6716 1633
Phone: +91 22 6911 1800 | 
https://aurumproptech.in/
Toll Free no.: 1800 345 
4001
E-mail ID:  investors@
aurumproptech.in
Fax No. : (040) 2342 0814
E-mail ID: einward.ris@
kfintech.com 
Website: www.kfintech.
com 
(xvi) Credit Rating obtained during the FY under review 
The Company did not obtain any Credit Rating 
during the year.
VIII. OTHER DISCLOSURES
 Disclosure of Related Party Transactions
During the year all RPTs entered by the Company 
were in the ordinary course of business and in 
respect of transactions with related parties under 
Section 2(76) of the Act, are at arm’s length basis 
and were approved by the members of the Audit 
Committee including Independent Directors. The 
Company had sought the approval of shareholders 
at the 11th AGM held on September 26, 2024 for 
material RPT as per Regulation 23 of SEBI Listing 
Regulations. Similarly, members of the Company 
approved  material related party transactions for FY 
2025-26 and 2026-27 , through Postal Ballot which 
concluded on June 07 , 2025 .
The Company has formulated a policy on the 
materiality of related party transactions and also 
on dealing related party transactions. This policy 
is available on the website of the Company at 
the web link https://aurumproptech.in/investor/
policies/. Details of related party transactions are 
disclosed in the notes to the financial statements. 
All related party transactions were executed with 
prior approval/ratification of the Audit Committee.
  Details of non-Compliance by the Company, 
penalties, strictures imposed on the listed entity 
by the Stock Exchange(s) or SEBI or any statutory 
authority
The Company has complied with all requirements 
specified under the SEBI Listing Regulations as 
well as other Regulations and guidelines of SEBI. No 
penalties or strictures imposed on the listed entity 
by the Stock Exchange(s) or SEBI or any statutory 
authority, on any matter related to capital markets, 
during last three years.
 Vigil Mechanism/Whistle Blower Policy 
The Company has in place the necessary vigil 
mechanism as envisaged under Section 177 of 
the Act and Regulation 22 of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations. During the year under review, no 
personnel has been denied access to the Audit 
Committee. The Whistle Blower Policy is posted 
on the website of the Company at the link https: 
https://www.aurumproptech.in/investor/policies.
  Details of compliance with mandatory 
requirements and adoption of non-mandatory 
requirement of SEBI Listing Regulations
The Company has disclosed and complied with all 
mandatory requirements under the SEBI Listing 
Regulations. The details of these compliances have 
been given in the relevant sections of this report.
Among non-mandatory requirements of the SEBI 
Listing Regulations, the Company has complied 
with the following:
The Board - Chairman’s Office and tenure of 
Independent Directors: As on March 31, 2025, the 
Company does not have identified Chairman hence 
this clause is not applicable.
Shareholders’ Rights: Quarterly/half-yearly 
financial Results along with the press release 
and key highlights are made available on the 
website of the Company at the web link https://
aurumproptech.in/investor/financial-information/
quarterly-earnings/. 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Contd.)
GOVERNANCE
102
Unmodified Opinion in audit report: The Auditors 
of the Company have issued Audit Reports 
with unmodified opinion on the standalone and 
consolidated financial statements for the year 
ended March 31, 2025.
Reporting of Internal Auditor: The Internal Auditor 
reports directly to the Audit Committee, attends the 
Audit Committee meetings and interacts directly 
with the Audit Committee.
 Policy for Determining Material Subsidiaries
In terms of Regulation 16 (1) (c) SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 The Company has a policy 
on Material Subsidiary and same is placed on 
the website of the Company at https://www.
aurumproptech.in/investor/policies.
 Policy on dealing with Related Party Transactions
The Policy on dealing with Related Party 
Transactions is available on the Company’s website 
at https://www.aurumproptech.in/investor/policies.
  There was no suspension of trading in the 
Securities of the Company during the year under 
review.
The Company decided to make Second and Final call 
along with pending First call on 4,29,44,533 due to 
this reason trading under (ISIN IN9898S01027) has 
been suspended w.e.f. March 04, 2025.
  Details of utilization of funds raised through 
preferential allotment or qualified institutional 
placement 
During the year 2024-25, the Company has not 
raised any funds through preferential allotment or 
qualified institutional placement as specified under 
Regulation 32(7A) of the SEBI Listing Regulations.
 Certificate from Company Secretary in Practice
M/s. Ainesh Jethwa, Company Secretary in Practice, 
has issued a certificate as required under the SEBI 
Listing Regulations, confirming that none of the 
Directors on the Board of the Company has been 
debarred or disqualified from being appointed or 
continuing as director of companies by the SEBI/
Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any other statutory 
authority. The certificate is enclosed with this 
section as Annexure A.
 Recommendations of Committees of the Board
There were no instances during the 2024-25, wherein 
the Board had not accepted recommendations 
made by any committee of the Board.
  Total fees for all services paid by the Company 
and its subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, to the 
statutory auditor and all entities in the network 
firm/network entity of which the statutory auditor 
is a part.
Total fees of ` 81,70,000/- Lakhs for 2024-25, 
for all services, was paid by the Company, on a 
consolidated basis, to the statutory auditor.
  Disclosure in relation to the Sexual Harassment of 
Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and 
Redressal) Act, 2013
Aurum PropTech Limited follows a strict zero 
tolerance towards sexual harassment at workplace 
and has adopted a Policy on prevention, prohibition 
and redressal of sexual harassment at workplace in 
line with the provisions of the Sexual Harassment of 
Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and 
Redressal) Act, 2013 and the Rules thereunder, for 
prevention and redressal of complaints of sexual 
harassment at workplace.
i. Number of complaints filed during the FY – Nil 
ii.  Number of complaints disposed of during the 
FY – Nil 
iii.  Number of complaints pending as on end of 
the FY – Nil 
  Disclosure by listed entity and its subsidiaries 
of ‘Loans and advances in the nature of loans to 
firms/companies in which directors are interested
Details of loans and advances to any firm/Company 
in which directors are interested are given in Notes 
to the standalone Financial Statement.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
103
===== PDF PAGE 73 =====
   Details of material subsidiaries of the listed entity incorporated, including the date and place of incorporation 
and the name and date of appointment of the statutory auditors of such subsidiaries:
Sr. 
No.
Name of the Material 
Subsidiary
Date & Place of 
Incorporation
Name of the Statutory 
Auditor
Date of appointment of 
Statutory Auditor
1 K2V2 Technologies Private 
Limited
Maqrch 25, 2019 and 
Pune
M/s Kirtane and Pandit 
LLP
December 31, 2020
2 Helloworld Technologies 
India Private Limited
March 06, 2019 and 
Bangalore
 M/s M S K A and 
Associates
September 27 , 2023
3 Nestaway Technologies 
Private Limited
December 30, 2014 and 
Bangalore 
M/s Kirtane and Pandit 
LLP
June 03, 2025
4 Aurum Analytica Private 
Limited
December 16, 2011 and 
Noida, Uttar Pradesh
M/s M S K A and 
Associates
September 27 , 2023
  Policies for:
  i) determining Ma terial Subsidiaries 
  ii) dealing with Related Party Transactions can be accessed on below given weblink  https://www.aurumproptech.
in/investor/policies
 Disclosure of Non-Compliance with Corporate Governance Requirement
There is no Non-Compliance of any requirement of Corporate Governance Report of sub-para (2) to (10) of the Part 
C of Schedule V of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
 D&O Insurance for Directors
In line with the requirements of Regulation 24(10) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Company has taken Directors 
and Officers Insurance (D&O) for all its Directors and Members of the Senior Management for such quantum and for 
such risks as determined by the Board.
 Compliances with Corporate Governance disclosure requirements as specified in the SEBI Lis ting Regulations
The Company complies with all mandatory requirements as per Regulations 17 to 27  and Regulation 46(2) of the 
SEBI Listing Regulations. There were no instances of non-compliance on any matter related to the capital markets.
•   Disclosures of the Compliance with Corporate Governance requirements s pecified in Regulation 17 to 27 and 
clauses (b) to (i) of Sub-regulation (2) of Regulation 46 are as follows:
Regulation Particulars of Regulations Compliance Status (Yes/No)
17 Board of Directors Yes
17 A Maximum number of directorships Yes
18 Audit Committee Yes
19 Nomination and Remuneration Committee Yes
20 Stakeholders Relationship Committee Yes
21 Risk Management Committee Yes
22 Vigil mechanism Yes
23 Related Party Transactions Yes
24 Corporate Governance requirements with respect to 
subsidiary of listed entity
Yes
24A Secretarial Audit & Secretarial Compliance Report Yes
25 Obligations with respect to Independent Directors Yes
26 Obligation with respect to employees including Senior 
Management, Key Managerial Persons, Directors and 
Promoters
Yes
27 Other Corporate Governance requirements Yes
46 (2) (b) to (i) Website (Updation) Yes
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Contd.)
GOVERNANCE
104
 Managing Director & Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Compliance Certificate
Pursuant to Regulation 17(8) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, Managing Direct or and CFO is required to issue 
Compliance Certificate certifying that the financial statements do not contain any untrue statement and these 
statements represent a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs. As th e Company does not have a Managing 
Director this certificate is issued by Executive Director & Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of the Company
The said certificate is annexed and forms part of the Annual Report as Annexure C.
 Auditor’s certificate on corporate governance
The Company has obtained the certificate from the Secretarial Auditor of the Company regarding compliance with 
the provisions relating to the Corporate Governance laid down the certificate annexed to the report on Corporate 
Governance Schedule V of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 for the 2024-
25 annexed as Annexure B, and will be sent to the stock exchanges along with this annual report to be filled by the 
Company.
  Transfer of unpaid/unclaimed amounts and shares to investor education and protection  fund
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 124(5) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the rules framed thereunder, the 
dividend lying in the Unpaid Dividend Account which remains unpaid or unclaimed for a period of seven consecutive 
years along with underlying shares are transferred by the Company to Investor Education and Protection Fund 
(IEPF).
Outof the dividends declared by the Company during the Financial Year 2016-17 INR 2,49,496/- remained unclaimed 
for the period of seven years. Accordingly the was transferred to IEPF during the Financial year 2024-25
The voting rights on the shares transferred to IEPF Authority shall remain frozen till the  rightful owner claims the 
shares.
Details of date of declaration and due date for transfer to IEPF:
Financial Year Declaration Date Last Date for claiming Unpaid Dividend
2018-19 (Final Dividend) August 06, 2019 August 06, 2026
2019-20 (Interim Dividend) March 16, 2020 March 16, 2027
2020-21 (Interim Dividend) December 15, 2020 December 15, 2027
 Disclosures with respect to demat suspense account/unclaimed suspense account
Regulation 39(4) of the Listing Regulations read with Schedule VI provides for the manner of dealing with unclaimed 
shares. As per the provisions, the Company is required to dematerialize such sh ares which have been returned as 
undelivered by postal authorities and hold the same in Unclaimed Suspense Account with a Depository. 
 Disclosure pursuant to the unclaimed shares as on March 31, 2025, is given below:
Particulars Aggregate number 
of Shareholders
Outstanding 
shares
Aggregate number of shareholders and the outstanding shares in the 
Unclaimed Suspense Account at the beginning of the year i.e. April 01, 2024.
Nil Nil
Number of Shareholders who approached the Company for transfer of 
shares from the Unclaimed Suspense Account during the year.
Nil Nil
Number of Shareholders to whom shares were transferred from the 
Unclaimed Suspense Account during the year.
Nil Nil
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
105
===== PDF PAGE 74 =====
Particulars Aggregate number 
of Shareholders
Outstanding 
shares
Aggregate number of shareholders and the outstanding shares in the 
Unclaimed Suspense Account at the end of the year i.e. March 31, 2025.
Nil Nil
 Reconciliation of Share Capital Audit
The ‘Reconciliation of Share Capital Audit’ was 
undertaken on a quarterly basis and the audit 
covers the reconciliation of the total admitted 
capital with NSDL and CDSL and the total issued 
and listed capital.
The audit has also confirmed that the aggregate 
of the total issued/paid-up capital is in agreement 
with the total number of shares in physical form 
and the total number of dematerialized shares held 
with NSDL and CDSL.
  Accounting treatment in preparation of Financial 
Statements
Indian Accounting Standards (IND-AS) as 
prescribed under Section 133 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 read with Rule 3 of the Companies (Indian 
Accounting Standards) Amendment Rules, 2016, 
have been followed in preparation of the financial 
statements of the Company in all material aspect.
 Internal Controls
The Company has a formal system of internal 
control testing which examines both the design 
effectiveness and operational effectiveness to 
ensure reliability of financial and operational 
information and all statutory/regulatory 
compliances. 
 Information for shareholders on the internet
The Company actively communicates its strategy 
and the developments of its business to the 
financial markets. The Press release, Analysts’ 
conference calls as well as the presentations at 
analysts meetings are organized by Chorus Call 
Conferencing Services (I) Pvt. Ltd. Decisions in such 
meetings are always limited to information that is 
already in the public domain. Please access the 
homepage at https://www.aurumproptech.in/and 
register yourself for regular updates.
 Management Discussion and Analysis
As required by the SEBI Listing Regulations, the 
Management Discussion and Analysis is provided 
separately in the Annual Report.
 Code of Conduct
The Board of Directors has approved a Code of 
Business Conduct which is applicable to the 
Members of the Board and all employees. The 
Company believes in “Zero Tolerance” to bribery 
and corruption in any form.
The Code lays down the standard of conduct 
which is expected to be followed by the Directors 
and the employees in their business dealings and 
in particular on matters relating to integrity in the 
workplace, in business practices and in dealing 
with stakeholders. The Code gives guidance 
through examples on the expected behaviour from 
an employee in a given situation and the reporting 
structure.
All the Board Members and the Senior Management 
personnel have confirmed compliance with the 
Code. All Management staff were required to 
complete an e-learning module in this regard.
 Prevention of Insider Trading
The Company has adopted a Code of Conduct for 
Regulating, Monitoring and Reporting of Trading by 
Designated Persons and Immediate Relatives with a 
view to regulate trading in securities by the Directors 
and designated employees of the Company. The 
Code requires pre-clearance for dealing in the 
Company’s shares and prohibits the purchase 
or sale of Company shares by the Directors and 
the designated employees while in possession of 
unpublished price sensitive information in relation 
to the Company and during the period when the 
trading window is closed. The Company Secretary 
is responsible for implementation of the Code.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Contd.)
GOVERNANCE
106
In order to have proper Internal Control System 
as mandated by the SEBI, the Company has 
implemented an Insider Trading Monitoring tool. 
This tool facilitates obtaining pre-clearance 
approval, submitting initial disclosures, period-
end disclosures and continuous disclosures on 
trading in shares of Aurum PropTech Limited. It 
helps the Company to monitor trading in shares of 
the Company by Promoters/Directors/Designated 
Employees/other Insiders and maintain the data in 
electronic form.
 Agreements relating to the Company 
There are no agreements with any party which 
impact the management or control of the Company 
or impose any restriction or create any liability upon 
the Company.
 Declaration by Executive Director
I, Onkar Shetye, Executive Director of Aurum 
PropTech Limited hereby confirm pursuant to SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, that:
The Board of Directors of Aurum PropTech Limited 
has laid down a code of conduct for all the Board 
Members and Senior Management Personnel 
of the Company. The said code of conduct has 
also been posted on Company’s website https://
aurumproptech.in/investor/policies/
All the Board members and senior management 
personnel have affirmed their compliance with the 
said code of conduct for the year ended on March 
31, 2025.
Yours faithfully,
Onkar Shetye
Executive Director
Date: July 23, 2025
Place: Navi Mumbai
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
107
===== PDF PAGE 75 =====
Annexure A
CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS
(Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Para C Clause (10)(i) of the  
SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015)
To, 
The Members, 
Aurum PropTech Limited  
Aurum Q1, Aurum Q Parc, Thane Belapur Road,  
Navi Mumbai 400710
We have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns and disclosure received from the Directors of AURUM 
PROPTECH LIMITED (CIN L72300MH2013PLC244874) having registered office at Aurum Q1, Aurum Q Parc, Thane 
Belapur Road, Navi Mumbai 400710 (hereinafter referred to as ‘the Company’) produced before us by the Company for 
the purpose of issuing this certificate in accordance with Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V Para C sub Clause (10)
(i) of the SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015.
In our opinion and to the best of our knowledge and according to the verifications including Directors Identification 
Number (DIN) status from the portal of Ministry of Corporate Affairs at www.mca.gov.in, as considered necessary and 
explanation furnished to us by the Company and its officers , we hereby certify that none of the Directors on the Board 
of the Company as stated below for the financial year ending on 31st March, 2025 ha ve been debarred or disqualified 
from being appointed or continuing as Directors of Companies by the Securities Exc hange Board of India, Ministry of 
Corporate Affairs or such other statutory Authority. 
Sr. 
No.
Name of the Director DIN Date of appointment 
in the Company
1. Vasant Vitthaldas Gujarathi 06863505 March 03, 2020
2. Ajit Ravindra Joshi 08108620 July 23, 2021
3. Padma Samir Deosthali 09250994 July 23, 2021
4. Ramashrya Ramjag Yadav 00145051 July 23, 2021
5. Srirang Yashwant Athalye 02546964 May 04, 2021
6. Onkar Sunil Shetye 06372831 May 04, 2021
Ensuring the eligibility for the appointment or continuity of every Director on the Board of the above referred Company is 
the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion as stated above based 
on our verification. This certificate is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company or the effectiveness 
with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.  
For Ainesh Jethwa & Associates
Practicing Company Secretaries 
Peer Review Certificate No. 1727/2022  
Aineshkumar Jethwa
Proprietor 
Membership No. ACS 27990
COP No. : 19650 
UDIN: A027990G000839911
Place: Mumbai   
Date: July 22, 2025 
GOVERNANCE
108
Annexure B
CERTIFICATE FROM PRACTICING COMPANY SECRETARY ON COMPLIANCE WITH THE CONDITIONS OF CORPORATE 
GOVERNANCE UNDER SCHEDULE V OF THE LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS: 
I have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance by Aurum PropTech Limited (Formerly known 
as Majesco Limited), for the financial year ended March 31, 2025, as stipulated under Chap ter IV , Regulations 17 to 
27 ,  in clauses (b) to (i) and (t) of sub-regulation (2) of Regulation 46 and para C, D & E of Schedule V of the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regul ations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing 
Regulations”).
The compliance of the conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility  of the Management, our  examination 
was limited to the procedure and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring the compliance of the 
conditions of Corporate Governance. 
It is neither an audit nor an expression of the opinion on the financial statements of the Company. In my opinion, and to 
the best of my information and according to the explanations given to me, I certify that the Company has complied with 
the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in the provisions of Chapter IV of Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
I further state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency 
or effectiveness with which the Management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
For Ainesh Jethwa & Associates 
Practising Company Secretaries  
Peer Review Certificate No. 1727/2022  
Aineshkumar Jethwa 
Proprietor  
Membership No. ACS 27990 
COP No. : 19650  
UDIN: A027990E000626368
Place: Mumbai   
Date: July 22, 2025
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
109
===== PDF PAGE 76 =====
Annexure C
COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE BY EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
[Pursuant to Regulation 17(8) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015]
We, the undersigned, in our respective capacities as Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer of Aurum PropTech 
Limited, (“the Company”) to the best of our knowledge and belief, certify that:
1)   We have reviewed Financial Statements and Cash Flow Statements for the financial year ended March 31, 2025 and 
that to the best of our knowledge, information and belief, we state that:
 a)  these statements do not contain any material untrue statement or omit  any material fact or contain statements 
that might be misleading;
 b)  these statements together present, a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance with 
existing accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.
2)   There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions en tered into by the Company during the year 
which are fraudulent, illegal or violates of the Company’s code of conduct.
3)   We accept responsible for establishing and maintaining internal controls for finan cial reporting and that we 
have evaluated the effectiveness of Company’s internal control systems of t he Company pertaining to financial 
reporting. We have disclosed to the Auditors and the Audit Committee, defic iency in the design or operation of 
internal controls, if any, of which we are aware and the steps we have  taken or propose to take to rectify these 
deficiencies.
4)  We have indicated to the Auditors and the Audit Committee::
 i)  that there were no significant changes in internal controls over financial repor ting during the year.
 ii)  that there were no significant changes in accounting policies made during t he year; and
 iii)  that there were no instances of significant fraud of which we have become a ware
Yours faithfully,
Onkar Shetye Kunal Karan
Executive Director Chief Financial Officer
Date: July 23, 2025
Place: Navi Mumbai
GOVERNANCE
110
Notice of Twelfth Annual General Meeting
NOTICE is hereby given that 12th Annual General Meeting 
(“AGM”) of the members of AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED 
is scheduled to be held on Tuesday, September 23, 2025 
at 2:00 P.M. through Video Conferencing (“VC”)/Other 
Audio Visual Means (“OAVM”), to transact the following 
business:
ORDINARY BUSINESS
1. Adoption of Financial Statements 
  To consider, approve and adopt (a) the audited 
standalone financial statement of the Company 
for the financial year ended March 31, 2025 and 
the reports of the Board of Directors and Auditors 
thereon; and (b) the audited consolidated financial 
statement of the Company for the financial year 
ended March 31, 2025 and the report of Auditors 
thereon and in this regard, to consider and if 
thought fit, to pass the following resolutions as an 
Ordinary Resolution:
 a.   “ RESOLVED THAT  the audited (Standalone) 
financial statements of the Company for 
the financial year ended on March 31, 2025, 
and the reports of the Board of Directors and 
Auditors thereon, as circulated to the members 
be and are hereby considered and adopted. ”
 b.   “ RESOLVED THAT the audited (Consolidated)
financial statements of the Company for 
the financial year ended on March 31, 2025, 
and the reports of the Board of Directors and 
Auditors thereon, as circulated to the members 
be and are hereby considered and adopted. ”
2. Retirement by Rotation
  To appoint Mr. Ramashrya Yadav (DIN: 00145051), 
Non-Executive Director, who retires by rotation, and 
being eligible, offers himself for re-appointment 
as a director and if thought fit, to approve with or 
without modification(s), the following resolution as 
an Ordinary Resolution:
  “ RESOLVED THAT in accordance with the provisions 
of Section 152 and other applicable provisions of 
the Companies Act, 2013, Mr. Ramashrya Yadav 
(DIN: 00145051), Non-Executive Director of the 
Company, who retires by rotation at this meeting, 
be and is hereby appointed as a Director of the 
Company. ”
3.  Re-appointment of M/s. Kirtane & Pandit LLP (FRN: 
105215W/W100057), Chartered Accountants, as 
Statutory Auditors of the Company
   To consider and if thought fit, to approve with or 
without modification(s), the following resolution as 
an Ordinary Resolution:
  “ RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of 
Sections 139, 142 and other applicable provisions, 
if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the 
Rules framed thereunder as amended from time 
to time (including any statutory modification(s) 
or re-enactment thereof for the time being in 
force) and based on the recommendation of Audit 
Committee and the Board of Directors, consent 
of the members be and is hereby accorded for re-
appointment of M/s. Kirtane & Pandit LLP (FRN: 
105215W/W100057), Chartered Accountants 
(Firm Registration No. 105047W) as the Statutory 
Auditors of the Company, to hold office for a period 
of five consecutive years from the conclusion of 
the 12 th Annual General Meeting (AGM) until the 
conclusion of the 17 th AGM of the Company to be 
held for the FY 2029-30, on such remuneration 
as may be decided by the Board of Directors in 
consultation with the Statutory Auditors of the 
Company.  
  RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors 
of the Company, be and are hereby authorized 
to revise/alter/modify/amend the terms and 
conditions and/or remuneration, from time to time, 
as may be mutually agreed with the Auditors, during 
the tenure of their appointment.
  RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  Mr. Onkar Shetye, 
Executive Director,  Mr. Kunal Karan, Chief Financial 
Officer and Ms. Sonia Jain, Company Secretary, be 
and are hereby severally authorized to do all such 
acts, deeds, matters and things and to execute all 
such deeds, documents and writings as may be 
necessary, desirable or expedient in connection to 
this matter. ”
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
111
===== PDF PAGE 77 =====
SPECIAL BUSINESS:
4.  Appointment of Secretarial Auditors of the 
Company
  To consider and if thought fit, to approve with or 
without modification(s), the following resolution as 
an Ordinary Resolution:
  “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of 
Section 204 and other applicable provisions, if any, 
of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 9 of the 
Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of 
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 and Regulation 
24A of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) and 
other applicable laws/statutory provisions, if any, 
as amended from time to time, and based on the 
recommendations of the Audit Committee and the 
Board of Directors, the consent of the members be 
and is hereby accorded for the appointment of M/s. 
Ainesh Jethwa & Associates, Practicing Company 
Secretaries (Peer Review Certificate No. 1727/2022) 
for a period of five consecutive years commencing 
from financial year 2025-26 till financial year 
2029-30, on such terms and conditions including 
remuneration as may be mutually agreed upon 
between the Company and the said Secretarial 
Auditor. 
  RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  Mr. Onkar Shetye, 
Executive Director, Mr. Kunal Karan, Chief Financial 
Officer and Ms. Sonia Jain, Company Secretary, be 
and are hereby severally authorized to do all such 
acts, deeds, matters and things and to execute all 
such deeds, documents and writings as may be 
necessary, desirable or expedient in connection to 
this matter. ”
5.  Approval of the Material Related Party 
Transaction(s) of the Company
  To consider and if thought fit, to approve with or 
without modification(s), the following resolution as 
an Ordinary Resolution:
  “ RESOLVED THAT  pursuant to the provisions 
of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the rules 
framed thereunder (including any statutory 
amendment(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the 
time being in force, if any), and in terms Regulation 
23 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (Listing 
Regulations) and other applicable provisions, if 
any along with the Rules made thereunder and 
other applicable laws including any amendments, 
modifications, variations or reenactments thereof 
and the Company’s Policy on the Materiality of 
Related Party Transactions and on Dealing with 
Related Party Transactions and basis the approval 
of the Audit Committee and recommendation of the 
Board of Directors of the Company, approval of the 
Members of the Company be and is hereby accorded 
to the Board of Directors of the Company (“Board”), 
for entering into/or carrying out and/or continuing 
with existing contracts/arrangements/transactions 
or modification(s) of earlier/arrangements/
transactions or as fresh and independent 
transaction(s) or otherwise (whether individually 
or series of transaction(s) taken together or 
otherwise), with and/or continue the related 
party transaction(s)/contract(s)/arrangement(s)/ 
agreement(s) (in terms of Regulation 2(1)(zc)(i) of 
the Listing Regulations) on such material terms and 
conditions as set out in the table in the explanatory 
statement to this resolution.
  RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors 
of the Company be and are hereby authorised to do 
all such acts, deeds, matters and things as it may 
deem fit in its absolute discretion, to delegate all 
or any of its powers conferred under this resolution 
to any Director or Key Managerial Personnel or 
any officer/executive of the Company and to 
hereby authorised to execute all such agreements, 
documents, instruments and writings as deemed 
necessary, with power to alter and vary the terms 
and conditions of such contracts/arrangements/ 
transactions, settle all questions, difficulties or 
doubts that may arise in this regard. ”
6.   Approval for proposed sale of buildings/assets of 
the Company
  To consider and if thought fit, to approve with or 
without modification(s), the following resolution as 
a Special Resolution:
  “ RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of 
Section 180(1)(a) and other applicable provisions, 
if any, of the Companies Act, 2013, read with the 
rules framed thereunder, and Regulation 37A and 
other applicable provisions of the Securities and 
Notice (Contd.)
GOVERNANCE
112
Notice (Contd.)
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as 
amended, and subject to such other approvals, 
consents, and permissions as may be required from 
any regulatory or statutory authority, the consent 
of the Members of the Company be and is hereby 
accorded to the Board of Directors of the Company 
(hereinafter referred to as the “Board”, which 
term shall include any Committee thereof or any 
person(s) authorized by the Board), to sell, lease, 
transfer or otherwise dispose of, in whole or in part, 
the buildings/assets of the Company, namely Q5 
and Q6, situated at MNDC, MBP-1 P-136, Mahape, 
Navi Mumbai, together with all assets, rights, title, 
and interests associated therewith, at a value not 
less than the fair value determined by a registered 
valuer, and on such terms and conditions as the 
Board may deem appropriate in the best interest of 
the Company.
  “ RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and 
is hereby authorized to identify the prospective 
buyer(s), negotiate and finalize the terms and 
conditions of the sale, including but not limited to 
price, timelines, and manner of sale, and to execute 
all such contracts, agreements, documents, and 
deeds and to do all such acts, deeds, matters, and 
things as may be deemed necessary or desirable 
in connection therewith, including delegation of 
authority to any Director, Committee, official, or 
such other person(s), as it may consider appropriate, 
to give effect to this resolution. ”
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
113
===== PDF PAGE 78 =====
NOTES:
1.  The respective Explanatory Statements, pursuant 
to Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013, in 
respect of the business under Item Nos. 3 to 5 of 
the accompanying Notice are annexed hereto.
2.  General instructions for accessing and participating 
in the 12 th Annual General Meeting (AGM) through 
VC/OAVM Facility and voting through electronic 
means including remote e-Voting: 
 a)  Pursuant to the General Circular No. 09/2024 
dated September 19, 2024, issued by the 
Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) and 
circular issued by SEBI vide circular no. SEBI/
HO/CFD/CFDPoD-2/P/CIR/2024/133 dated 
October 3, 2024 (“SEBI Circular”) and other 
applicable circulars and notifications issued 
(including any statutory modifications or  
re-enactment thereof for the time being in 
force and as amended from time to time, 
companies are allowed to hold Annual General 
Meeting (AGM) through Video Conferencing 
(VC) or other audio visual means (OAVM), 
without the physical presence of members at 
a common venue. In accordance with the MCA 
Circulars, SEBI Circulars, applicable provisions 
of the Act read with rules made thereunder 
and the SEBI Listing Regulations, the AGM of 
the Company is being held through VC/OAVM. 
The deemed venue for the AGM shall be the 
Registered Office of the Company. 
 b)  Pursuant to the Circular No. 14/2020 dated 
April 08, 2020, issued by the Ministry of 
Corporate Affairs, the facility to appoint proxy 
to attend and cast vote for the members is 
not available for this AGM. However, the Body 
Corporates are entitled to appoint authorised 
representatives to attend the AGM through 
VC/OAVM and participate there at and cast 
their votes through e-voting.
 c)  Since the AGM is held through VC/OAVM 
facility, the road map is not annexed in the 
Notice.
  Dispatch of Annual Report through Electronic 
mode
 a.  In compliance with the Ministry of Corporate 
Affairs (MCA) Circular No. 17/2020 dated 
April 13, 2020 and Regulation 36(1)(a) of 
the Listing Regulations, Notice of the AGM 
along with the Annual Report for the 2024-
25 is being sent only through electronic 
mode to those members whose e-mail 
addresses are registered with the Company/ 
Depositories/Depository Participants. Further, 
in compliance with Regulation 36(1)(b) of the 
Listing Regulations, a letter providing the web-
link, including the exact path, where Annual 
Report for the 2024-25 is available, is being 
sent to those members whose e-mail address 
is not registered with the Company/Registrar 
and Transfer Agent/Depository Participants/
Depositories.
   Notice of the AGM and Annual Report for 
the 2024-25 will also be made available 
on the website of the Company at https://
aurumproptech.in/. The Notice can also be 
accessed from the websites of the Stock 
Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited and National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited at www.bseindia.
com and www.nseindia.com respectively and 
the website of NSDL (agency for providing 
the Remote e-Voting facility) i.e. www.evoting.
nsdl.com. 
 b.  Members who have not registered their 
e-mail address with the Company/Depository 
/Depository Participant are requested to 
register their e-mail address by clicking on the 
below link and follow the registration process 
as guided there at: https://ris.kfintech.com/
email_registration/. In case of any queries, 
members may write to einward.ris@kfintech.
com.
 c.  As the AGM is being conducted through VC/
OAVM, for the smooth conduct of proceedings 
of the AGM, Members are encouraged to send 
their questions in advance mentioning their 
name, demat account number/folio number, 
Notice (Contd.)
GOVERNANCE
114
e-mail ID, mobile number at investors@
aurumproptech.in. Questions received by 
the Company till 5:00 p.m. on Saturday, 
September 20, 2025 shall only be considered 
and responded during the AGM.
3.  The members of the Company, holding shares in 
physical form or in dematerialized form, as on the 
cut-off date being Monday, September 15, 2025 
may cast their vote through remote e-voting or 
voting at the AGM.
4.  The notice of the AGM along with the Annual Report 
for the 2024-25 will be dispatched electronically to 
the members whose names appear in the Register 
of Members/Beneficial Owners as on the record 
date (cut-off date for sending notice of the AGM 
and the Annual Report) i.e. Friday, August 29, 2025.
5.  The voting rights of members shall be in proportion 
to the number of shares held by the members as 
on the cut-off date being Monday, September 15, 
2025.
6.  A person holding shares in physical form and non-
individual shareholders who acquires shares of the 
Company and becomes member of the Company 
after dispatch of AGM Notice via e-mail and holding 
shares as of the cut-off date i.e. Monday, September 
15, 2025 may obtain the User ID and Password by 
sending a request at evoting@nsdl.com However, if 
he/she is already registered with NSDL for remote 
e-voting then he/she can use his/her existing user 
ID and password for casting the vote. If you forgot 
your password, you can reset your password 
by using the “Forgot User Details/Password” or 
“Physical User Reset Password” option available on 
www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on toll-free no. 1800 
1020 990  and  1800 22 44 30. In case of Individual 
Shareholders holding securities in demat mode 
who acquires shares of the Company and becomes 
a Member of the Company after sending of the 
Notice and holding shares as of the cut-off date 
i.e. Monday, September 15, 2025, may follow steps 
mentioned in the Notice of the AGM under “Access 
to NSDL e-Voting system”.
7 .  A person who is not a member as on the cut-off date 
should treat this Notice for information purposes 
only.
8. In the case of joint holders, the Member whose name 
appears as the first holder in the order of names as 
per the Register of Members of the Company as on 
Monday, September 15, 2025 will be entitled to vote 
at the AGM.
9. Members who have cast their votes by remote 
e-voting prior to the AGM may also attend/
participate in the AGM through VC/OAVM but shall 
not be entitled to cast their vote again.
10. M/s. Ainesh Jethwa & Associates, Practicing 
Company Secretaries (Peer Review Certificate No. 
1727/2022) has been appointed as Scrutinizer to 
scrutinize the remote e-voting process and e-voting 
at the AGM in a fair and transparent manner.
INSPECTION OF DOCUMENTS
a. The Register of Directors and Key Managerial 
Personnel and their shareholding, maintained 
under Section 170 of the Companies Act, 2013, the 
Register of Contracts or Arrangements in which the 
directors are interested, maintained under Section 
189 of the Companies Act, 2013, certificate issued 
by Statutory Auditors of the Company as required 
under the SEBI (Share Based Employee Benefits) 
Regulations, 2014 and all documents as mentioned 
in the resolutions and/or explanatory statement, 
are available for inspection through electronic 
mode, up to the date of AGM and will be available 
electronically for inspection by the Members 
before as well as during the AGM. Members seeking 
to inspect such documents can send an e-mail to 
investors@aurumproptech.in. 
b.  Members seeking any information with regard to 
Accounts or any other matter to be considered at 
AGM are requested to write to the Company on or 
before Saturday, September 20, 2025 by sending 
an e-mail at investors@aurumproptech.in.
11.  Pursuant to the provisions of Section 72 of the Act 
read with the Rules made thereunder, Members 
holding shares in single name may avail the facility 
of nomination in respect of shares held by them. 
Members holding shares in physical form may 
avail this facility by sending a nomination in the 
prescribed Form No. SH-13, to the Registrar & 
Share Transfer Agent. Members holding shares 
Notice (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
115
===== PDF PAGE 79 =====
in electronic form may contact their respective 
Depository Participant(s) to avail this facility.
12.  Members may note that, mandated by SEBI, 
securities of listed companies can be transferred 
only in dematerialized form with effect from, 
April 01, 2019, except in case of request received 
for transmission or transposition of securities. In 
view of this and to eliminate all risks associated 
with physical shares and for ease of portfolio 
management, members holding shares in physical 
form are requested to consider converting 
their holdings to dematerialized form. As  per 
SEBI Circular SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD-PoD/P/
CIR/2025/97 dated July 02, 2025 special window 
for re-lodgement of transfer requests of physical 
shares has been opened from July 07 2025 till 
January 06, 2026. For more information members 
are requested to contact with RTA on einward.ris@
kfintech.com.
13.  SEBI has mandated submission of Permanent 
Account Number (PAN) by every participant in 
the securities market. Members holding shares in 
dematerialized form are, therefore, requested to 
submit their PAN to their depository participants. 
Members holding shares in physical form are 
required to furnish PAN to the Registrar & Share 
Transfer Agent.
INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR ATTENDING 
THE AGM THROUGH VC/OAVM ARE AS UNDER:
1.  The Members can join the AGM in the VC/OAVM 
mode 15 minutes before and after the scheduled 
time of the commencement of the Meeting by 
following the procedure mentioned in the Notice. 
The facility of participation at the AGM through VC/
OAVM will be made available for 1000 members on 
first come first served basis. This will not include 
large Shareholders (Shareholders holding 2% 
or more shareholding), Promoters, Institutional 
Investors, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, the 
Chairpersons of the Audit Committee, Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee and Stakeholders 
Relationship Committee, Auditors etc. who are 
allowed to attend the AGM without restriction on 
account of first come first served basis.
2.  Institutional/Corporate members are encouraged 
to attend and vote at the AGM through VC/OAVM. 
Institutional/Corporate members intending to 
authorize their representatives to attend and vote 
at the AGM are required to send a certified scanned 
copy (pdf/jpeg format) of the Board Resolution/
authority letter, with the attested specimen 
signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who 
are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail 
to Ainesh Jethwa ainesh@csaineshjethwa.com with 
a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.com. 
3.  The attendance of the Members attending the AGM 
through VC/OAVM will be counted for the purpose 
of reckoning the quorum under Section 103 of the 
Companies Act, 2013.
4.  Pursuant to the provisions of Section 108 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 of the 
Companies (Management and Administration) 
Rules, 2014 (as amended) and Regulation 44 of SEBI 
(Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations 2015 (as amended) and the Circulars 
issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs dated 
April 08, 2020, April 13, 2020 and May 05, 2020 
the Company is providing facility of remote 
e-voting to its Members in respect of the business 
to be transacted at the AGM. For this purpose, 
the Company has entered into an agreement with 
National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) for 
facilitating voting through electronic means, as the 
authorized agency. The facility of casting votes by 
a member using remote e-voting system as well as 
voting on the day of the AGM will be provided by 
NSDL.
5.  Members who would like to express their views 
or ask questions during the AGM may register 
themselves as a speaker by sending their request 
from their registered e-mail address mentioning 
their name, DP ID and Client ID/folio number, PAN, 
mobile number at investors @aurumproptech.in 
from Thursday, September 18, 2025 (9:00 a.m. IST) 
to Saturday, September 20, 2025 (5:00 p.m. IST). 
Those Members who have registered themselves 
as a speaker will only be allowed to express their 
views/ask questions during the AGM. The Company 
reserves the right to restrict the number of speakers 
depending on the availability of time for the AGM. 
6.  In line with the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) 
Circular No. 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020, the Notice 
Notice (Contd.)
GOVERNANCE
116
calling the AGM has been uploaded on the website 
of the Company at https://aurumproptech.in/. The 
Notice can also be accessed from the websites of 
the Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited and National 
Stock Exchange of India Limited at www.bseindia.
com and www.nseindia.com respectively and the 
AGM Notice is also available on the website of NSDL 
(agency for providing the Remote e-Voting facility) 
i.e. www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
7 .  AGM has been convened through VC/OAVM in 
compliance with applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 read with MCA Circular No. 
14/2020 dated April 08, 2020 and MCA Circular 
No. 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020, MCA Circular No. 
20/2020 dated May 05, 2020 and MCA Circular No. 
2/2021 dated January 13, 2021, and subsequent 
circulars issued in this regard, the latest being 
09/2024 dated September 19, 2024 in relation 
to “Clarification on holding of AGM through VC/ 
OAVM, collectively referred to as “MCA   Circulars”.
8.  Member will be provided with a facility to attend 
the AGM through VC/OAVM through the NSDL 
e-Voting system. Members may access by following 
the steps mentioned above for Access to NSDL 
e-Voting system. After successful login, you can 
see link of “VC/OAVM link” placed under “Join 
General meeting” menu against company name. 
You are requested to click on VC/OAVM link placed 
under Join General Meeting menu. The link for VC/
OAVM will be available in Shareholder/Member 
login where the EVEN of Company will be displayed. 
Please note that the members who do not have the 
User ID and Password for e-Voting or have forgotten 
the User ID and Password may retrieve the same 
by following the remote e-Voting instructions 
mentioned in the notice to avoid last minute rush.
9.  Members are encouraged to join the Meeting 
through Laptops for better experience.
10.  Further Members will be required to allow Camera 
and use Internet with a good speed to avoid any 
disturbance during the meeting.
11.  Please note that Participants Connecting from 
Mobile Devices or Tablets or through Laptop 
connecting via Mobile Hotspot may experience 
Audio/Video loss due to Fluctuation in their 
respective network. It is therefore recommended to 
use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to mitigate any 
kind of aforesaid glitches.
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR REMOTE E-VOTING ARE AS UNDER:
The remote e-voting period begins on Friday, September 19, 2025 at 9:00 A.M. and ends on Monday, September 22, 
2025 at 5:00 P .M. The remote e-voting module shall be disabled by NSDL for voting thereafter. Members whose names 
appear in the Register of Members/Beneficial Owners as on the record date (cut-off date) i.e. Monday, September 15, 
2025, may cast their vote electronically. The voting right of shareholders shall be in proportion to their share in the 
paid-up equity share capital of the Company as on the cut-off date, Monday, September 15, 2025.
How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-voting system?
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are mentioned below:
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system
A  Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode
  In terms of SEBI circular dated December 09, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through th eir demat account maintained with 
Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and email Id in 
their demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility.
Notice (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
117
===== PDF PAGE 80 =====
 Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below:
Type of shareholders Login Method
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with 
NSDL.
1. For OTP based login you can click on https://eservices.nsdl.com/
SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.jsp. You will have to enter your 8-digit DP 
ID,8-digit Client Id, PAN No., Verification code and generate OTP. Enter the 
OTP received on registered email id/mobile number and click on login. After 
successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site 
wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting 
service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website 
of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining 
virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
2. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL Viz. https://
eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. On the 
e-Services home page click on the “Beneficial Owner” icon under “Login” 
which is available under ‘ IDeAS’ section , this will prompt you to enter 
your existing User ID and Password. After successful authentication, you 
will be able to see e-Voting services under Value added services. Click on 
“Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services and you will be able to see 
e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. 
NSDL and you will be re-directed to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting 
your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & 
voting during the meeting.
3. If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available 
at https://eservices.nsdl.com.  Select “Register Online for IDeAS Portal ” 
or click at https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp 
4. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing th e 
following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal 
Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-Voting system is 
launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/
Member’ section. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID 
(i.e. your sixteen digit demat account number hold with NSDL), Password/
OTP and a Verification Code as shown on the screen. After successful 
authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein 
you can see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service 
provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL 
for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual 
meeting & voting during the meeting. 
5. Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App “ NSDL 
Speede” facility by scanning the QR code mentioned below for seamless 
voting experience.
 
Notice (Contd.)
GOVERNANCE
118
Type of shareholders Login Method
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with 
CDSL
1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi/Easiest facility, can login through 
their existing user id and password. Option will be made available to reach 
e-Voting page without any further authentication. The users to login Easi/
Easiest are requested to visit CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click 
on login icon & New System Myeasi Tab and then user your existing my 
easi username & password.
2. After successful login the Easi/Easiest user will be able to see the  e-Voting 
option for eligible companies where the evoting is in progress as per the 
information provided by company. On clicking the evoting option, the user 
will be able to see e-Voting page of the e-Voting service provider for casting 
your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting 
& voting during the meeting. Additionally, there is also links provided to 
access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers, so that the us er can 
visit the e-Voting service providers’ website directly.
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is  available 
at CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on login & New System 
Myeasi Tab and then click on registration option.
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by p roviding 
Demat Account Number and PAN No. from a e-Voting link available on 
www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will authenticate the user 
by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the Demat 
Account. After successful authentication, user will be able to see the 
e-Voting option where the evoting is in progress and also able to direct ly 
access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers.
Individual Shareholders (holding 
securities in demat mode) 
login through their depository 
participants
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account throug h 
your Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facili ty. 
upon logging in, you will be able to see e-Voting option. Click on e-Voting 
option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful 
authentication, wherein you can see e-Voting feature. Click on company name 
or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting 
website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting perio d or 
joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
  Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/Password are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget 
Password option available at abovementioned website.
  Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related to login 
through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL.
Login type Helpdesk details
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with 
NSDL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL helpdesk by 
sending a request at evoting@nsdl.com or call at 022 - 4886 7000
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with 
CDSL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL helpdesk by 
sending a request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no. 
1800-21-09911
B)   Login Method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for shareholders other th an Individual shareholders 
holding securities in demat mode and shareholders holding securities in physical mode.
 How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website?
 1.  Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.
com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. 
Notice (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
119
===== PDF PAGE 81 =====
 2.  Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under 
‘Shareholder/Member’ section.
 3.  A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Passw ord/OTP and a Verification Code as 
shown on the screen.
   Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, y ou can log-in at https://eservices.nsdl.com/ 
with your existing IDEAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL eservices after using your log-in credentials, click on 
e-Voting and you can proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote electronically.
 4. Your User ID details are given below:
Manner of holding shares i.e. 
Demat (NSDL or CDSL) or 
Physical
 Your User ID is:
a)  For Members who hold 
shares in demat account 
with NSDL.
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID
For example if your DP ID is IN300*** and Client ID is 12****** then your user 
ID is IN300***12******.
b)  For Members who hold 
shares in demat account 
with CDSL.
16 Digit Beneficiary ID
For example if your Beneficiary ID is 12************** then your user ID is 
12**************
c)  For Members holding shares 
in Physical Form.
EVEN Number followed by Folio Number registered with the Company
For example if folio number is 001*** and EVEN is 101456 then user ID is 
101456001***
 5.  Password details for shareholders other than 
Individual shareholders are given below: 
a) If you are already registered for e-Voting, 
then you can user your existing password 
to login and cast your vote.
b) If you are using NSDL e-Voting system 
for the first time, you will need to 
retrieve the ‘initial password’ which was 
communicated to you. Once you retrieve 
your ‘initial password’, you need to enter 
the ‘initial password’ and the system will 
force you to change your password.
c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’?
(i) If your email ID is registered in 
your demat account or with the 
Company, your ‘initial password’ is 
communicated to you on your email 
ID. Trace the email sent to you from 
NSDL from your mailbox. Open the 
email and open the attachment i.e. 
a .pdf file. Open the .pdf file. The 
password to open the .pdf file is your 
8 digit client ID for NSDL account, 
last 8 digits of client ID for CDSL 
account or folio number for shares 
held in physical form. The .pdf file 
contains your ‘User ID’ and your 
‘initial password’. 
(ii) If your email ID is not registered, 
please follow steps mentioned below 
in process for those shareholders 
whose email ids are not registered. 
 6.   If you are unable to retrieve or have not received 
the “ Initial password” or have forgotten your 
password:
a) Click on “ Forgot User Details/
Password?”(If you are holding shares in 
your demat account with NSDL or CDSL) 
option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com.
b) “ Physical User Reset Password? ” 
(If you are holding shares in 
physical mode) option available on  
www.evoting.nsdl.com.
c) If you are still unable to get the password 
by aforesaid two options, you can send a 
Notice (Contd.)
GOVERNANCE
120
request at evoting@nsdl.com mentioning 
your demat account number/folio number, 
your PAN, your name and your registered 
address etc.
  d)  Members can also use the OTP (One Time 
Password) based login for casting the 
votes on the e-Voting system of NSDL.
 7 .  After entering your password, tick on Agree 
to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting on the 
check box.
 8. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button.
 9.  After you click on the “Login” button, Home 
page of e-Voting will open.
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically and join General 
Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system.
How to cast your vote electronically and join General 
Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system?
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able 
to see all the companies “EVEN” in which you are 
holding shares and whose voting cycle and General 
Meeting is in active status.
2. Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to 
cast your vote during the remote e-Voting period 
and casting your vote during the General Meeting. 
For joining virtual meeting, you need to click on 
“VC/OAVM” link placed under “Join Meeting”.
3. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page 
opens.
4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options 
i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify the number of 
shares for which you wish to cast your vote and click 
on “Submit” and also “Confirm” when prompted.
5. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast 
successfully” will be displayed. 
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast 
by you by clicking on the print option on the 
confirmation page.
7 . Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you 
will not be allowed to modify your vote.
General Guidelines for shareholders
1. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, 
HUF, NRI etc.) are required to send scanned copy 
(PDF/JPG Format) of the relevant Board Resolution/ 
Authority letter etc. with attested specimen 
signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who 
are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to 
Ainesh Jethwa <ainesh@csaineshjethwa.com> with 
a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.com. Institutional 
shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, 
NRI etc.) can also upload their Board Resolution/
Power of Attorney/Authority Letter etc. by clicking 
on “Upload Board Resolution/Authority Letter” 
displayed under “e-Voting” tab in their login.
2. It is strongly recommended not to share your 
password with any other person and take utmost 
care to keep your password confidential. Login 
to the e-voting website will be disabled upon 
five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct 
password. In such an event, you will need to go 
through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or 
“Physical User Reset Password?” option available 
on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.
3. CONTACT DETAILS FOR ASSISTANCE ON 
E-VOTING: 
 In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently 
Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and 
e-voting user manual for Shareholders available at 
the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or 
call on.: 022 - 4886 7000 or send a request to Sagar 
S. Gudhate, Senior Manager at evoting@nsdl.com.
Process for those shareholders whose e-mail IDs are 
not registered with the depositories for procuring 
user id and password and registration of e-mail IDs for 
e-voting for the resolutions set out in this notice:
1. In case shares are held in physical mode please 
provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned 
copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN 
(self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR 
(self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by 
email to investors@aurumproptech.in. 
2. In case shares are held in demat mode, please 
provide DPID-CLID (16-digit DPID + CLID or 16 
digit beneficiary ID), Name, client master or copy 
Notice (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
121
===== PDF PAGE 82 =====
mobile number, PAN, nomination, bank details such as name of the bank and branch, bank account number, IFS 
Code etc.
 •  For shares held in dematerialised mode to their Depository Participant for making necessary changes. NSDL 
has provided a facility for registration/updation of e-mail address through the link: https://eservices. nsdl.
com/kyc-attributes/#/login and opt-in/opt-out of nomination through the link: https://eservices.nsdl.com/
instademat-kyc-nomination/#/login.
 •  For shares held in physical mode by submitting to KFinTech the forms given below along with requisite 
supporting documents:
Sr. 
No.
Particulars Form
1. Registration of PAN, postal address, e-mail, address, mobile number, Bank 
Account, details or changes /updation thereof
ISR - 1
2. Confirmation of Signature of member by the Banker ISR - 2
3. Registration of Nomination SH-13
4. Cancellation or Variation of Nomination SH-14
5. Declaration to opt out of Nomination ISR - 3
 Any service request shall be entertained by KFinTech only upon registration of the PAN and KYC details.
4. Non-Resident Indian members are requested to 
inform the Company/KFinTech (if shareholding is 
in physical mode)/respective DPs (if shareholding 
is in demat mode), immediately of change in their 
residential status on return to India for permanent 
settlement.
5. Members may please note that the Listing 
Regulations mandate transfer, transmission and 
transposition of securities of listed companies held 
in physical form only in demat mode. 
 Further, SEBI vide its Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/
MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/8 dated January 
25, 2022 has mandated the listed companies to 
issue securities in dematerialized form only while 
processing service requests, viz., issue of duplicate 
securities certificate; claim from unclaimed 
suspense account; renewal/ exchange of securities 
certificate; endorsement; sub-division/splitting of 
securities certificate; consolidation of securities 
certificates/folios; transmission and transposition. 
Accordingly, members are requested to make 
service requests for issue of duplicate securities 
certificate; claim from unclaimed suspense 
account; renewal/exchange of securities certificate 
etc., by submitting a duly filled and signed Form 
ISR-4 along with requisite supporting documents 
to KFinTech as per the requirement of the aforesaid 
circular.
 The aforesaid forms can be downloaded from the 
Company’s website at https://www.aurumproptech.
in/investor/shareholder-information and is also 
available on the website of KFinTech at https://ris.
kfintech.com/ clientservices/isc/#div_rights. 
Notice (Contd.)
of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self-
attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR 
(self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) 
to investors@aurumproptech.in. If you are an 
Individual shareholder holding securities in demat 
mode, you are requested to refer to the login 
method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for 
e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode.
3. Alternatively shareholder/members may send a 
request to evoting@nsdl.com for procuring user 
id and password for e-voting by providing above 
mentioned documents. 
4. In terms of SEBI circular dated December 09, 2020 
on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, 
Individual shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode are allowed to vote through their 
demat account maintained with Depositories and 
Depository Participants. Shareholders are required 
to update their mobile number and email ID correctly 
in their demat account in order to access e-Voting 
facility.
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR E-VOTING 
ON THE DAY OF THE AGM ARE AS UNDER:
1. The procedure for e-Voting on the day of the AGM 
is same as the instructions mentioned above for 
remote e-voting.
2. Only those Members/shareholders, who will be 
present in the AGM through VC/OAVM facility 
and have not casted their vote on the Resolutions 
through remote e-Voting and are otherwise not 
barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote 
through e-Voting system in the AGM.
3. Members who have voted through Remote e-Voting 
will be eligible to attend the AGM. However, they 
will not be eligible to vote at the AGM.
4. The details of the person who may be contacted 
for any grievances connected with the facility for 
e-Voting on the day of the AGM shall be the same 
person mentioned for Remote e-voting.
E-VOTING RESULT: 
The results of e-voting and ballot shall be declared 
within 2 working days after the conclusion of AGM. The 
declared results along with Scrutinizer’s Report shall 
be placed on the website of the Company at https://
aurumproptech.in/ and on the website of NSDL at 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com. The results shall also 
be communicated to the Stock Exchanges on which 
shares of the Company are listed. Subject to receipt of 
requisite number of votes, resolutions set out in the 
notice will be deemed to be passed on the date of the 
Meeting, i.e Tuesday, September 23, 2025.
IEPF RELATED INFORMATION:
i. The Company has transferred the unpaid or 
unclaimed dividends declared up to financial years 
2016-17 , from time to time, to the Investor Education 
and Protection Fund (“IEPF”) established by the 
Central Government. Details of dividends so far 
transferred to the IEPF Authority are available on 
the website of IEPF Authority and the same can be 
accessed through the link: www. iepf.gov.in. 
ii. Members may note that shares as well as unclaimed 
dividends transferred to IEPF Authority can be 
claimed back from the IEPF Authority.
iii. The Members whose unclaimed dividends and/or 
shares have been transferred to IEPF may contact 
the Company or RTA and submit the required 
documents for issue of Entitlement Letter. 
OTHER INFORMATION:
1. As mandated by the Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (“SEBI”), securities of the Company can be 
transferred/traded only in dematerialized mode. 
Members holding shares in physical mode are 
advised to avail the facility of dematerialization.
2. Members are advised to exercise diligence and 
obtain statement of holdings periodically from the 
concerned Depository Participant and verify the 
holdings from time to time.
3. Members are requested to intimate/update 
changes, if any, in postal address, e-mail address, 
Notice (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25GOVERNANCE
123122

===== PDF PAGE 83 =====
STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102(1) OF 
THE COMPANIES ACT , 2013 AND ADDITIONAL 
INFORMATION AS REQUIRED UNDER THE 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE BOARD OF INDIA 
(LISTING CIRCULARS ISSUED THEREUNDER
The following Explanatory Statement sets out all 
the material facts relating to the Special Business 
mentioned in the accompanying Notice:
Item No. 3: Re-appointment of M/s. Kirtane & Pandit LLP 
(FRN: 105215W/W100057), Chartered Accountants, as 
Statutory Auditors of the Company
M/s. Kirtane & Pandit LLP, Chartered Accountants (Firm 
Registration No. 105215W/W100057), were appointed 
as the Statutory Auditors of the Company to hold office 
until the conclusion of the 12 th Annual General Meeting 
(AGM) of the Company.
Pursuant to the completion of their current term at the 
ensuing AGM, and based on the recommendation of the 
Audit Committee, the Board of Directors of the Company, 
at its meeting held on July 23, 2025, has approved the 
re-appointment of M/s. Kirtane & Pandit LLP, Chartered 
Accountants, as the Statutory Auditors of the Company, 
for a period of five (5) consecutive years, commencing 
from the conclusion of ensuing Annual General 
Meeting for the 2024-25 up to the conclusion of the 6 th 
consecutive Annual General Meeting to be held in FY 
2029-30, subject to the approval of the shareholders. 
M/s. Kirtane & Pandit LLP has consented to the re-
appointment and confirmed their eligibility under 
Sections 139 and 141 of the Companies Act, 2013, and 
the applicable rules framed thereunder. They have also 
confirmed that they are not disqualified from being re-
appointed as Statutory Auditors of the Company. 
The proposed remuneration payable to M/s. Kirtane & 
Pandit LLP for the 2025-26 is ` 20,00,000/- (Rupees 
Twenty Lakhs Only) for conducting the statutory audit 
and quarterly limited reviews. The said remuneration 
is exclusive of applicable taxes and out of pocket 
expenses, and has been determined considering the 
knowledge, expertize, industry experience, and the 
time and efforts required by the audit team during the 
audit engagement. The proposed fee is in line with the 
prevailing industry standards. In addition to the statutory 
audit, the Company may also engage M/s. Kirtane & 
Pandit LLP for other permissible professional services 
such as statutory certifications and other assignments, 
for which the remuneration shall be determined by the 
Board of Directors in consultation with the Auditors.
The Board recommends the resolution set forth in 
Item No. 3 for the approval of Members as an Ordinary 
Resolution. 
None of the Directors and/or Key Managerial Personnel 
of the Company and their relatives is concerned or 
interested, financially or otherwise, in the resolution set 
out at Item no.3.
Item No.4: Appointment of Secretarial Auditors of the 
Company
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 204 of the Act, 
read with the Rule 9 of the Companies (Appointment 
and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 
2014, every listed company and other specified class of 
companies, are required to annex with its Board’s report 
made in terms of Section 134(3) of the Act, a report 
on secretarial audit given by a company secretary in 
practice.
Further, Regulation 24A of the Listing Regulations, 
requires listed companies and its material unlisted 
subsidiaries incorporated in India to undertake 
secretarial audit by a secretarial auditor who is required 
to be a peer reviewed company secretary and annex the 
secretarial audit report in such form as specified, with 
its annual report.
In view of the aforesaid and based on the recommendation 
of the Audit Committee, the Board of Directors of the 
Company at its meeting held on July 23, 2025, has 
approved the appointment of M/s. Ainesh Jethwa & 
Associates, Practicing Company Secretaries (Peer 
Review Certificate No. 1727/2022) for a period of five (5) 
Notice (Contd.)
GOVERNANCE
124
consecutive financial years commencing from 2025-26 
to the 2029-30, to undertake Secretarial Audit of the 
Company and to issue the Secretarial Audit Report for 
the said period, subject to the approval of the Members.
The said appointment is in accordance with the amended 
Regulation 24A of the SEBI Listing Regulations vide SEBI 
Notification dated December 12, 2024, and provisions 
of Section 204 of the Act and Rule 9 of the Companies 
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial 
Personnel) Rules, 2014.
M/s Ainesh Jethwa & Associates, Practicing Company 
Secretaries is a well-known firm of Practicing Company 
Secretaries based in Mumbai and is well regarded 
for its professional excellence. The firm has been 
peer reviewed and quality reviewed by the Institute 
of Company Secretaries of India (ICSI), ensuring the 
highest standards in professional practices. The firm 
is led by three Managing Partners and offers a wide 
range of services, including secretarial compliances, 
corporate re-structuring, capital re-structuring, 
corporate advisory and other professional services. 
Further, they have confirmed that they are eligible for 
appointment as the Secretarial Auditor and has not 
incurred any disqualification specified by the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India.
The proposed remuneration to be paid to the Secretarial 
Auditor be ` 70,000/- (Rupees Seventy Thousand Only) 
plus applicable taxes and out-of-pocket expenses for the 
2025-26. For the subsequent year(s) of their term shall 
be fixed by the Board of Directors on recommendation of 
the Audit Committee of the Company. In addition to the 
Secretarial Audit, M/s. Ainesh Jethwa & Associates may 
also be engaged to provide other professional services, 
including certifications and advisory work, as approved 
by the Board of Directors. The relevant fees for such 
additional services shall be determined by the Board, 
based on the recommended of the Audit Committee and 
in consultation with the Secretarial Auditors.
In accordance with the provisions of Regulation 24A of 
the Listing Regulations, the appointment of Secretarial 
Auditor is required to be approved by the members of the 
Company.
The Board recommends the resolution set forth in 
Item No. 4 for the approval of Members as an Ordinary 
Resolution.
None of the Directors and/or Key Managerial Personnel 
of the Company and/or their relatives are concerned or 
interested in the Resolution set out in Item No. 4 of this 
Notice.
Item No. 5: Approval of the Material Related Party 
Transaction(s) of the Company
The Company is engaged in the business of developing 
and providing digital technology products, services 
and platforms with a specific focus on the real estate 
industry. Its core business is ‘PropTech’ which brings 
within its ambit the use of technology and software 
solutions for disparate needs of the real estate sector 
and offers advanced data and analytics capabilities for 
real-time feed-back.
In furtherance of its business activities, the Company 
and its Subsidiaries have entered/will enter transactions 
/contract(s)/agreement(s)/arrangement(s) with related 
parties in terms of Regulation 2(1)(zc)(i) of the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the 
“Listing Regulations”).
All related party transactions of the Company and its 
Subsidiaries are at arm’s length.
Further, all related party transactions are undertaken 
after obtaining prior approval of the Audit Committee. The 
Audit Committee of the Company currently comprises 
majority of Independent Directors. All related party 
transactions have been unanimously approved by the 
Audit Committee after satisfying itself that the related 
Notice (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
125
===== PDF PAGE 84 =====
party transactions are at arm’s length basis. The Audit 
Committee of the Company reviews on a quarterly basis, 
the details of all related party transactions entered into 
by the Company during the previous quarter, pursuant to 
its approvals.
The related party transactions between the subsidiaries 
of the Company are also approved by the Audit Committee 
of the Company and the Board of the Company.
In accordance with Regulation 23(2)(c) of the Listing 
Regulations, approval of the shareholders is being 
sought for transactions between Subsidiaries of the 
Company for availing or rendering of services of each 
other.
The value of related party transaction specified in the 
table below exclude duties and taxes.
The approval of the shareholders pursuant to Resolution 
No. 5 is being sought for the following related party 
transaction/contract/agreement/arrangement as set 
out in the table below.
In addition to the transaction set out in the table below, 
approval of the shareholders is also being sought 
for any other transactions between the parties for 
transfer of resources, services on arm’s length basis 
and in compliance with applicable laws, as approved 
by the Audit Committee. The value of such additional 
transaction is included in the value set out in the table 
below. 
The value of transaction (for which the approval is 
being sought) for the period commencing from April 01, 
2025 till the date of this Notice has not exceeded the 
materiality threshold. 
Notice (Contd.)
GOVERNANCE
126
The details of transactions as required under Regulation 23(4) of the Listing Regulations read with Section III-B of 
the SEBI Master Circular bearing reference no. SEBI/HO/ CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/2023/120 dated July 11,  2023 (“SEBI 
Master Circular”) are set forth below:
Sr. 
No.
Particulars  Material RPTs by the Company
1 Name of the related party and its relationship with the 
listed entity or its subsidiary, including nature of its 
concern or interest (financial or otherwise)
Aurum PropTech Limited (APTL) and Aurum RealEstate 
Developers Limited (AREDL) 
AREDL is a promoter of APTL and holds 49.89% of the 
paid-up equity share capital of APTL as on March 31, 
2025.
2 Type, tenure, material terms and particulars of the 
proposed transaction
Providing financial assistance in one or more tranches.
Transactions in the ordinary course of business with 
terms and conditions that are generally prevalent in the 
industry segments that the Company operates in.
For Material terms of the proposed transactions, refer 
S/N 9
3 Value of the proposed transaction as approved by the 
audit committee 
Rs. 50,00,00,000/- (Rupees Fifty Crores Only)
The above limit may or may not be utilized considering 
the requirement.
4 Value of the transaction during the reporting period Rs. 10,00,00,000 (Rupees Ten Crores Only)
5 Percentage of APTL’s annual consolidated turnover 
for the immediately preceding financial year, that is 
represented by the value of the proposed transaction
18.95% of the annual consolidated turnover of the 
Company (APTL) for FY 2024-25
6 Details of the transaction relating to any loans, inter-
corporate deposits, advances or investments made or 
given by the listed entity or its subsidiary
Providing financial assistance to AREDL
7 Justification as to why the RPT is in the interest of the 
listed entity
Being the promoter of the Company.
8 Any valuation or other external party report relied upon 
by the listed entity in relation to the transactions
Not Applicable
9 Details of the transaction relating to any loans, inter-
corporate deposits, advances or investments made or 
given by the listed entity or its subsidiary
(i)  Source of funds Own Funds
(ii)  In case any financial indebtedness is incurred 
to make or give loans, inter-corporate deposits, 
advances or investments
 •  Nature of indebtedness; 
 •  Cost of funds; and
 •  Tenure of the indebtedness;
Not Applicable
(iii)   Applicable terms, including covenants, tenure, 
interest rate and repayment schedule, whether 
secured or unsecured; if secured, the nature of 
security
Loans: 
Tenure – upto 1 year 
Interest rate – charged in compliance with the provisions 
of the Companies Act, 2013 
Nature – Unsecured
(iv)  Purpose for which the funds will be utilized by the 
ultimate recipient of funds pursuant to the RPT 
(end-usage)
General corporate purpose
Notice (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
127
===== PDF PAGE 85 =====
Sr. 
No.
Particulars  Material RPTs by the Company
10 Information as placed before the Audit Committee in the 
format as specified in the RPT Industry Standards, to 
the extent applicable
Yes, required information has been placed before 
the Audit Committee in the prescribed format as per 
Industry Standards on “Minimum information to be 
provided to the Audit Committee and Shareholders for 
approval of Related Party Transactions”
11 Disclose the fact that the Audit Committee has reviewed 
the certificates provided by the CEO/ Managing Director/ 
Whole Time Director/ Manager and CFO of the Listed 
Entity as required under the RPT Industry Standards
Yes, Complied
12 The Audit Committee and Board of Directors, while 
providing information to the shareholders, can approve 
redaction of commercial secrets and such other 
information that would affect competitive position 
of listed entity and affirm that, in its assessment, the 
redacted disclosures still provide all the necessary 
information to the public shareholders for informed 
decision-making.
Yes, it provides information to the public shareholders 
for informed decision-making.
13 Name of the Director or KMP who is related, if any, and 
the nature of their relationship
None
14 Any other information that may be relevant. All important information forms p art of the statement 
setting out material facts, pursuant to Section 102(1) of 
the Act, forming part of this Notice.
Notice (Contd.)
Item No. 6: Approval for proposed sale of buildings/
assets of the Company 
The Company, based on the recommendation of the 
Audit Committee, proposes to sell certain assets/
buildings currently owned by the Company, specifically 
Q5 and Q6 located at MNDC, MBP-1 P-136, Mahape, Navi 
Mumbai.
This proposed sale is in line with the Company’s strategic 
objectives of becoming an asset-light organization 
and efficiently deploying capital. The proceeds from 
the sale will be utilized towards repayment of existing 
loans, investment in subsidiaries, and for meeting the 
Company’s working capital requirements.
Pursuant to Regulation 37A of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, a listed entity shall not sell, lease, or otherwise 
dispose of any undertaking or substantially the whole 
of any undertaking outside a scheme of arrangement 
without obtaining prior approval of the shareholders by 
way of a special resolution.
Since the proposed sale is not part of any scheme of 
arrangement and constitutes sale of an undertaking 
within the meaning of Section 180(1)(a) of the Companies 
Act, 2013, the approval of the Members by way of a 
special resolution is being sought. 
Accordingly, the Board recommends the resolution as 
set out in Item No. 6 of the accompanying Notice for the 
approval of the Members by way of a Special Resolution.
None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel 
(KMP) of the Company or their relatives are, in any way, 
concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the 
said resolution, except to the extent of their shareholding 
in the Company, or their position as Director(s)/KMP(s) in 
the Company or its subsidiaries.
By Order of the Board 
For Aurum PropTech Limited
 Sonia Jain
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 Membership No. A52138
Date: July 23, 2025
Place: Navi Mumbai
Registered office:
Aurum Q1, Aurum Q Parc, 
Thane Belapur Road, Navi Mumbai, 
Maharashtra, India- 400710
(CIN): L72300MH2013PLC244874 
https://aurumproptech.in/ 
E-mail: investors@aurumproptech.in   
GOVERNANCE
128
129
To the Members of 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
OPINION
We have audited the accompanying Standalone 
Financial Statements of Aurum PropTech Limited (“the 
Company”), which comprise the Balance Sheet as 
at March 31, 2025, the Statement of Profit and Loss 
(including Other Comprehensive Income), the Statement 
of Changes in Equity and the Statement of Cash Flows 
for the year ended on that date, and a summary of the 
Material accounting policies and other explanatory 
information (hereinafter referred to as “the Standalone 
Financial Statements”).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and 
according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid 
financial statements give the information required by 
the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) in the manner so 
required and give a true and fair view in conformity 
with the Indian Accounting Standards prescribed 
under section 133 of the Act read with the Companies 
(Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended, 
(“Ind AS”) and other accounting principles generally 
accepted in India, of the state of affairs of the Company 
as at March 31, 2025, the Loss and total comprehensive 
income, changes in equity and its cash flows for the year 
ended on that date.
BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit of the financial statements 
in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (SAs) 
specified under section 143(10) of the Act. Our 
responsibilities under those Standards are further 
described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the 
Audit of the standalone Financial Statements section 
of our report. We are independent of the Company 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT
on the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements
in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by the 
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) 
together with the independence requirements that 
are relevant to our audit of the standalone financial 
statements under the provisions of the Act and the Rules 
made thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other ethical 
responsibilities in accordance with these requirements 
and the ICAI’s Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit 
evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate 
to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the financial 
statements.
KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our 
professional judgment, were of most significance in 
our audit of the standalone financial statements of 
the current year. These matters were addressed in 
the context of our audit of the standalone financial 
statements as a whole and in forming our opinion 
thereon and we do not provide a separate opinion on 
these matters. For each matter below, our description of 
how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that 
context.
We have determined the matters described below to be 
the key audit matters to be communicated in our report.
We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the 
Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the standalone 
financial statements section of our report, including in 
relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included 
the performance of procedures designed to respond to 
our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of 
the Standalone financial statements. The results of our 
audit procedures, including the procedures performed 
to address the matters below, provide the basis for our 
audit opinion on the accompanying standalone financial 
statements.
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
===== PDF PAGE 86 =====
130
Sr. 
No. 
Key Audit Matter How our audit addressed the key audit matter
1. Intangible Assets
Refer to Note 3.c. and Note 17 to the standalone 
financial statements
During the year ended March 31, 2025, the Company 
capitalised ₹ 290 lakhs towards internally developed 
technical know-how and had ₹ 313 lakhs under 
development as at year-end, primarily relating to 
software development for its proptech business.
We identified the recognition, measurement, and 
impairment assessment of these intangible assets 
as a key audit matter due to the inherent judgement 
involved in evaluating whether the costs incurred meet 
the recognition criteria under the applicable financial 
reporting framework. This includes assessment of 
technical feasibility, intention and ability to complete 
and use or sell the intangible asset, and the expected 
future economic benefits.
Further, management’s impairment assessment 
involves significant estimates and assumptions, 
including forecasted future cash flows and the 
discount rates applied in the valuation model. The value 
of these assets is closely linked to the performance 
of the underlying business initiatives, which are still 
evolving. Given the level of judgement and estimation 
uncertainty involved, this area was considered a key 
focus in our audit.
Our procedures included, but were not limited to, the 
following:
• Evaluating the Company’s accounting policy in 
relation to the capitalisation of internally generated 
intangible assets and assessing its compliance with 
applicable accounting standards.
• Assessing the process and controls over the 
identification and capitalisation of development 
costs.
• Testing a sample of capitalised costs to underlying 
documentation to verify whether they met the 
recognition criteria.
• Inquiring with project teams and reviewing 
documentation to assess the stage of development 
and technical feasibility of the projects.
• Assessing the adequacy of related disclosures in 
the standalone financial statements.
2. Investments
Refer to Note 4.a.1 of the standalone financial 
statements
As at March 31, 2025, the Company holds investments 
amounting to ₹26,120 lakhs classified under non-
current financial assets. These include investments 
in equity instruments of subsidiaries and other equity 
instruments, which are measured in accordance with 
Ind AS 109, Financial Instruments, at fair value through 
profit or loss or other comprehensive income, as 
applicable.
Our procedures included, but were not limited to, the 
following:
• Assessed the Company’s accounting policy and 
internal controls over the valuation of investments.
• Verified the fair value of quoted investments using 
observable market data as at March 31, 2025.
• For unquoted investments:
o Obtained and reviewed the valuation reports 
prepared by management or external valuers.
o Evaluated the valuation methodology and key 
assumptions such as projected cash flows, 
growth rates, and discount rates.
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT (Contd.)
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
131
The fair valuation of these investments involves 
significant judgement, particularly for unquoted and 
illiquid equity instruments. Such judgements include, 
but are not limited to, assumptions surrounding the 
financial condition and performance of investee entities, 
business outlook, external economic environment, 
industry-specific dynamics, and the appropriateness 
of valuation techniques applied. These assumptions 
have a direct impact on the reported carrying amounts 
of investments and may have a material effect on the 
Company’s financial position and results. Given the 
degree of estimation and subjectivity involved, we 
considered this to be a key audit matter.
o Involved our valuation specialists to assess the 
appropriateness of the valuation techniques 
and key inputs.
• Assessed the independence, competence, 
and objectivity of external valuers, where 
engaged.
• Evaluated the adequacy and 
appropriateness of the related disclosures 
in the financial statements.
INFORMATION OTHER THAN THE FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS AND AUDITOR’S REPORT THEREON
The Company’s Management and Board of Directors is 
responsible for the preparation of the other information. 
The other information comprises the information 
included in the Annual Report, but does not include 
the Standalone financial statements and our auditor’s 
report thereon. The Holding Company’s Annual report is 
expected to be made available to us after the date of this 
auditor’s report.
Our opinion on the standalone financial statements does 
not cover the other information and we will not express 
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the standalone financial 
statements, our responsibility is to read the other 
information and, in doing so, consider whether such 
other information is materially inconsistent with the 
standalone financial statements or our knowledge 
obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be 
materially misstated. When we read the Annual report, 
if we conclude that there is a material misstatement 
therein, we are required to communicate the matter to 
those charged with governance.
RESPONSIBILITIES OF MANAGEMENT AND BOARD 
OF DIRECTORS FOR THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS
The Company’s Management and Board of Directors 
are responsible for the matters stated in section 134(5) 
of the Act with respect to the preparation of these 
standalone financial statements that give a true and fair 
view of the financial position, financial performance, 
total comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash 
flows of the Company in accordance with the Ind AS and 
other accounting principles generally accepted in India, 
including the Indian Accounting Standards specified 
under section 133 of the Act read with the Companies 
(Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 as amended. 
This responsibility also includes maintenance of 
adequate accounting records in accordance with the 
provisions of the Act for safeguarding the assets of 
the Company and for preventing and detecting frauds 
and other irregularities; selection and application of 
appropriate accounting policies; making judgments and 
estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and design, 
implementation and maintenance of adequate internal 
financial controls, that were operating effectively 
for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the 
accounting records, relevant to the preparation and 
presentation of the financial statements that give a true 
and fair view and are free from material misstatement, 
whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the standalone financial statements, the 
Management and Board of Directors are responsible for 
assessing the Company’s ability to continue as a going 
concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to 
going concern and using the going concern basis of 
accounting unless the Board of Directors either intends 
to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has 
no realistic alternative but to do so.
The Board of Directors is also responsible for overseeing 
the Company’s financial reporting process.
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
===== PDF PAGE 87 =====
132
AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF 
THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance 
about whether the standalone financial statements as 
a whole are free from material misstatement, whether 
due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that 
includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high 
level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit 
conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect 
a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements 
can arise from fraud or error and are considered material 
if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably 
be expected to influence the economic decisions of 
users taken on the basis of these standalone financial 
statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise 
professional judgment and maintain professional 
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
• Identify and assess the risks of material 
misstatement of the standalone financial 
statements, whether due to fraud or error, design 
and perform audit procedures responsive to those 
risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient 
and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. 
The risk of not detecting a material misstatement 
resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting 
from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, 
intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the 
override of internal control.
• Obtain an understanding of internal financial 
controls relevant to the audit in order to design 
audit procedures that are appropriate in the 
circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Act, 
we are also responsible for expressing our opinion 
on whether the Company has adequate internal 
financial controls system in place and the operating 
effectiveness of such controls.
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting 
policies used and the reasonableness of accounting 
estimates and related disclosures made by the 
Management and Board of Directors.
• Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s 
use of the going concern basis of accounting and, 
based on the audit evidence obtained, whether 
a material uncertainty exists related to events or 
conditions that may cast significant doubt on the 
Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. 
If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, 
we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s 
report to the related disclosures in the financial 
statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, 
to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based 
on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of 
our auditor’s report. However, future events or 
conditions may cause the Company to cease to 
continue as a going concern.
• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and 
content of the standalone financial statements, 
including the disclosures, and whether the 
financial statements represent the underlying 
transactions and events in a manner that achieves 
fair presentation. 
We communicate with those charged with governance 
regarding, among other matters, the planned scope 
and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, 
including any significant deficiencies in internal control 
that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with 
a statement that we have complied with relevant 
ethical requirements regarding independence, and to 
communicate with them all relationships and other 
matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our 
independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged 
with governance, we determine those matters that 
were of most significance in the audit of the financial 
statements of the current period and are therefore 
the key audit matters. We describe these matters in 
our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes 
public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely 
rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should 
not be communicated in our report because the 
adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably 
be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of 
such communication. 
OTHER MATTER
The standalone financial statements of the Company 
for the year ended 31st March, 2024 were audited by the 
predecessor auditor, who have expressed an unmodified 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT (Contd.)
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
133
opinion on those standalone financial statements vide 
their audit report dated 29th April, 2024. 
Our opinion is not modified in this regard. 
REPORT ON OTHER LEGAL AND REGULATORY 
REQUIREMENTS
1. As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, based on 
our audit we report that:
a) We have sought and obtained all the 
information and explanations which to the best 
of our knowledge and belief were necessary 
for the purposes of our audit.
b) In our opinion, proper books of account as 
required by law have been kept by the Company 
so far as it appears from our examination of 
those books.
c) The standalone balance sheet, the standalone 
statement of profit and loss (including other 
comprehensive income), the standalone 
statement of changes in equity and the 
standalone statement of cash flows dealt with 
by this Report are in agreement with the books 
of account.
d) In our opinion, the aforesaid standalone 
financial statements comply with Indian 
Accounting Standards specified under section 
133 of the Act read with the Companies 
(Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 as 
amended.
e) On the basis of the written representations 
received from the directors for the year ended 
March 31, 2025 taken on record by the Board of 
Directors, none of the directors is disqualified 
as on March 31, 2025 from being appointed as 
a director in terms of Section 164 (2) of the Act.
f) With respect to the adequacy of the internal 
financial controls with reference to financial 
statements of the Company and the operating 
effectiveness of such controls, refer to our 
separate Report in “Annexure A”. Our report 
expresses an unmodified opinion on the 
adequacy and operating effectiveness of the 
Company’s internal financial controls with 
reference to financial statements.
g) With respect to the other matters to be 
included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance 
with the requirements of section 197(16) of the 
Act, as amended:   
   In our opinion and to the best of our information 
and according to the explanations given to 
us, the remuneration paid by the Company to 
its directors for the financial year ended as 
at March 31, 2025 is in accordance with the 
provisions of section 197 read with Schedule 
V to the Act. The Ministry of Corporate Affairs 
has not prescribed other details under Section 
197 (16) which are required to be commented 
upon by us.
 h)  With respect to the other matters to be included 
in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 
11 of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 
2014, as amended in our opinion and to the 
best of our information and according to the 
explanations given to us:
i. The Company does not have any pending 
litigations which would impact its financial 
position.
ii. The Company did not have any long-term 
contracts including derivative contracts for 
which there were any material foreseeable 
losses.
iii. There has been delay in transferring amounts, 
required to be transferred, to the Investor 
Education and Protection Fund by the 
Company.
iv. Based on our examination which included 
test checks, except for instances mentioned 
below, the Company, in respect of financial 
year commencing on 1st April, 2024, has 
used accounting software for maintaining 
its books of account, which have a feature 
of recording audit trail (edit log) facility and 
the same have been operated throughout the 
year for all relevant transactions recorded in 
the respective software. Further, during the 
course of our audit we did not come across any 
instance of audit trail feature being tampered 
with for the period where audit trail is enabled 
and operated. Furthermore, the audit trail has 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
===== PDF PAGE 88 =====
134
been preserved by the Company as per the 
statutory requirements for record retention 
where the audit trail feature was enabled.
a. The management has represented that, 
to the best of its knowledge and belief, , 
no funds have been advanced or loaned 
or invested (either from borrowed funds 
or share premium or any other sources or 
kind of funds) by the Company to or in any 
other person(s) or entity(ies), including 
foreign entities (“Intermediaries”), with 
the understanding, whether recorded in 
writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary 
shall directly or indirectly lend or invest in 
other persons or entities identified in any 
manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the 
Company (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or 
provide any guarantee, security or the like 
on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
b. Management has represented, that, to the 
best of its knowledge and belief, no funds 
have been received by the company from 
any person(s) or entity(ies), including 
foreign entities (“Funding Parties”), with 
the understanding, whether recorded in 
writing or otherwise, that the company 
shall, whether, directly or indirectly, lend 
or invest in other persons or entities 
identified in any manner whatsoever by or 
on behalf of the Funding Party (“Ultimate 
Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, 
security or the like on behalf of the 
Ultimate Beneficiaries.
c. Based on the audit procedures that 
have been considered reasonable and 
appropriate in the circumstances, nothing 
has come to our notice that has caused us 
to believe that the representations under 
sub-clause (i) and (ii) of Rule 11(e), as 
provided under (i) and (ii) above, contain 
any material misstatement.
v. The Company has neither declared nor paid 
any dividend during the year.
2.  As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report) 
Order, 2020 (“the Order”) issued by the Central 
Government in terms of Section 143(11) of the Act, 
we give in “Annexure B” a statement on the matters 
specified in paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Order. 
For Kirtane & Pandit LLP 
Chartered Accountants 
ICAI Firm Registration No.: 105215W/W100057
Suhrud Lele
Partner
Membership No.: 121162
UDIN: 25121162BMJHUR7655
Place: Navi Mumbai 
Date: April 25, 2025
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT (Contd.)
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
135
Report on the Internal Financial Controls with reference 
to standalone financial statements under Clause (i) of 
Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 
2013 (“the Act”) 
We have audited the internal financial controls with 
reference to financial statements of Aurum PropTech 
Limited (“the Company”) as of 31st March 2025 in 
conjunction with our audit of the Standalone financial 
statements of the Company for the year ended on that 
date.
OPINION
In our opinion, to the best of our information and 
according to the explanations given to us, the Company 
has, in all material respects, an adequate internal 
financial controls with reference to standalone Financial 
Statements and such internal financial controls with 
reference to standalone Financial Statement were 
operating effectively as at March 31, 2025, based 
on the internal financial controls with reference 
to Financial Statement criteria established by the 
Company considering the essential components of 
internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of 
Internal financial controls with reference to standalone 
Financial Statement issued by the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India.
MANAGEMENT’S RESPONSIBILITY FOR INTERNAL 
FINANCIAL CONTROLS WITH REFERENCE TO 
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The Company’s Management is responsible for 
establishing and maintaining internal financial controls 
based on the internal financial controls with reference to 
standalone Financial Statement criteria established by 
the Company considering the essential components of 
internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of 
Internal financial controls with reference to standalone 
Financial Statement issued by the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India. These responsibilities include the 
design, implementation and maintenance of adequate 
internal financial controls that were operating effectively 
for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its 
business, including adherence to respective company’s 
policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention 
ANNEXURE “A ” TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
(Referred to in paragraph 1(f) under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our report 
to the Members of Aurum PropTech Limited of even date)
and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and 
completeness of the accounting records, and the timely 
preparation of reliable financial information, as required 
under the Companies Act, 2013.
AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITY
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the internal 
financial controls with reference to standalone Financial 
Statement of the Company based on our audit. We 
conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance 
Note on Audit of Internal financial controls with reference 
to standalone Financial Statement (the “Guidance 
Note”) issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants 
of India and the Standards on Auditing prescribed under 
Section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013, to the extent 
applicable to an audit of internal financial controls. 
Those Standards and the Guidance Note require that we 
comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform 
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether 
adequate internal financial controls with reference to 
standalone Financial Statement was established and 
maintained and if such controls operated effectively in 
all material respects. 
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain 
audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal 
financial controls system over financial reporting and 
their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal 
financial controls with reference to standalone Financial 
Statement included obtaining an understanding of 
internal financial controls with reference to standalone 
Financial Statement, assessing the risk that a material 
weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design 
and operating effectiveness of internal control based 
on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend 
on the auditor’s judgement, including the assessment 
of the risks of material misstatement of the financial 
statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained, 
is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
audit opinion on the internal financial controls system 
over financial reporting of the Company.
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
===== PDF PAGE 89 =====
136
MEANING OF INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS 
WITH REFERENCE TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL 
STATEMENT
A company’s internal financial control with reference to 
standalone Financial Statements is a process designed 
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability 
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial 
statements for external purposes in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s 
internal financial control with reference to standalone 
Financial Statements includes those policies and 
procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of 
records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly 
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets 
of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance 
that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit 
preparation of financial statements in accordance 
with generally accepted accounting principles, and 
that receipts and expenditures of the company are 
being made only in accordance with authorisations 
of management and directors of the company; and (3) 
provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or 
timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or 
disposition of the company’s assets that could have a 
material effect on the financial statements.
INHERENT LIMITATIONS OF INTERNAL FINANCIAL 
CONTROLS WITH REFERENCE TO STANDALONE 
FINANCIAL STATEMENT
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial 
controls with reference to standalone Financial 
Statement, including the possibility of collusion or 
improper management override of controls, material 
misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not 
be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the 
internal financial controls with reference to standalone 
Financial Statement to future periods are subject to the 
risk that the internal financial control with reference 
to standalone Financial Statements may become 
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the 
degree of compliance with the policies or procedures 
may deteriorate.
For Kirtane & Pandit LLP 
Chartered Accountants 
ICAI Firm Registration No.: 105215W/W100057
Suhrud Lele
Partner
Membership No.: 121162
UDIN: 25121162BMJHUR7655
Place: Navi Mumbai 
Date: April 25, 2025
ANNEXURE “A” (Contd.)
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
137
In terms of the information and explanations sought by 
us and given by the Company and the books of account 
and records examined by us in the normal course of 
audit and to the best of our knowledge and belief, we 
state that:
i. In respect of the Company’s Property, Plant and 
Equipment and Intangible Assets
(a)  (A)  The Company has maintained proper 
records showing full particulars, including 
quantitative details and situation of 
Property, plant and equipment.
 (B)  The Company has maintained proper 
records showing full particulars of 
Intangible assets.
(b) According to the information and explanations 
given to us, Property, plant and equipment were 
physically verified by the management during 
the year and no material discrepancies were 
noticed on such verification. In our opinion, the 
frequency of physical verification of Property, 
plant and equipment is reasonable. 
(c) The title deeds of immovable properties (other 
than immovable properties where the Company 
is the lessee and the lease agreements are duly 
executed in favour of the Company) disclosed 
in the standalone financial statements are 
held in the name of the Company. 
(d) The Company has not revalued its property, 
plant and equipment (including Right-of-use 
assets) or Intangible assets or both during the 
year.
ANNEXURE ‘B’ TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
(Referred to in paragraph 2 under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our report to 
the Members of Aurum PropTech Limited of even date)
(e) According to the information and explanations 
given to us and on the basis of our examination 
of the records of the Company, there are no 
proceedings initiated or pending against the 
Company for holding any benami property 
under the Prohibition of Benami Property 
Transactions Act, 1988 and rules made 
thereunder.
ii. (a)   The Company is in the business of rendering 
services and does not hold any inventory. 
Accordingly, the Company does not hold any 
inventory. Thus, Para 3(ii)(a) of the Order is not 
applicable to the Company. 
 (b)   The Company has not been sanctioned with 
any working capital limit from the Bank for the 
year ended March 31, 2025. Accordingly, the 
provisions of Para 3(ii)(b) of the said Order are 
not applicable to the Company.
iii. (a)  According to the information and explanations 
given to us and on the basis of our examination 
of the records, the Company has made 
investments in companies, granted unsecured 
loans to companies and other parties 
(employees) during the year, in respect of 
which the requisite information is as below. 
The Company has not made any investments 
or granted any unsecured loans to firms or 
limited liability partnerships during the year. 
The Company has not provided any guarantee 
or security or granted any secured loans or 
advances in the nature of loans (secured or 
unsecured) to companies, firms or limited 
liability partnerships or any other parties 
(including employees) during the year. 
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
===== PDF PAGE 90 =====
138
(A) Based on the audit procedures carried on by us and as per the information and explanations given to us, the 
Company has made Investments in and provided loans to subsidiaries as listed below. The Company has not given 
any advances in the nature of loans or stood guarantee or provided security to subsidiaries. Further, the Company 
does not hold any investment in any joint ventures or associates.
Particulars Investments  
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Loans  
(Rs. In Lakhs)
Aggregate Amount granted/ provided during the year
- Subsidiaries 2,496 4,986
Balance outstanding as at balance sheet date in respect of above cases
- Subsidiaries 15,242 8,223
(B) Based on the audit procedures carried on by us and as per the information and explanations given to us, the Company 
has given unsecured loans to parties other than subsidiaries as listed below. The Company has not granted secured 
loans or advances in the nature of loans (secured or unsecured) or stood guarantee or provided security to parties 
other than subsidiaries. 
Particulars Loans  
(Rs. In Lakhs)
Aggregate Amount granted/ provided during the year
- Employees 10
Balance outstanding as at balance sheet date in respect of above cases
- Employees 6
(b) According to the information and explanations given to us and based on the audi t procedures performed by us, 
we are of the opinion that the Investments made and the terms and condit ions in relation to grant of all loans as 
mentioned above, are not prejudicial to the interest of the Company.
(c) In case of the loans given, schedule of repayment of principal and paymen t of interest have been stipulated, except 
for those mentioned in sub clause (f) below, and the borrowers have been regular in the repayment of the principal 
and payment of interest.
(d) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the 
Company, there are no amounts overdue for more than ninety days in respect of the loans and/ or advances in the 
nature of loans, granted by the Company.
(e) There is no loan or advances in the nature of loans granted, which have fallen due during the year, and which have 
been renewed or extended or fresh loans given to settle the over dues of exist ing loans given to the same party. 
Accordingly, the provisions stated under clause 3(iii)(e) of the Order are not applicable to the Company.
(f) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis o f our examination of the records of the 
Company, in our opinion the Company has not granted any loans or advances in the nature of loans either repayable 
on demand or without specifying any terms or period of repayment except for the following loans to its related 
parties as defined in Clause (76) of Section 2 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”):
All Parties  
(Rs. In Lakhs)
Promoters  
(Rs. In Lakhs)
Related Parties 
(Rs. In Lakhs)
Aggregate of loans/ advances in nature of loan
Repayable on demand (A) 2216 - 2216
- Agreement does not specify any terms or period of 
Repayment (B) - - -
ANNEXURE “B” (Contd.)
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
139
All Parties  
(Rs. In Lakhs)
Promoters  
(Rs. In Lakhs)
Related Parties 
(Rs. In Lakhs)
Total (A+B) 2216 - 2216
Percentage of loans/advances in nature of loan to 
the total loans 44% 44%
iv. According to the information and explanations 
given to us, the Company has complied with the 
provisions of Section 185 and 186 of the Act, in 
respect of loans given and investments made. The 
company has not provided any guarantees and 
security. 
v. In our opinion and according to the information 
and explanations given to us, the Company has 
not accepted any deposits or amounts which are 
deemed to be deposits from the public within 
the meaning of section 73 to 76 of the Act and 
rules framed thereunder to the extent notified. 
Accordingly, reporting under clause 3(v) of the 
Order is not applicable. We are informed by the 
management that no order has been passed by 
the Company Law Board, National Company Law 
Tribunal or Reserve Bank of India or any Court or 
any other Tribunal
vi. According to the information and explanations given 
to us, the Central Government has not prescribed 
maintenance of cost records under section 148 (1) 
of the Act, for the any of the services rendered by 
the Company. Accordingly, provisions of Para 3(vi) 
of the Order are not applicable to the Company.
vii. In respect of statutory dues:
a) The Company has been regular in depositing 
undisputed statutory dues, including goods and 
services tax, provident fund, employees’ state 
insurance, income tax, sales tax, service tax, 
duty of customs, duty of excise, value added 
tax, cess and other material statutory dues 
applicable to the Company with the appropriate 
authority. There were no undisputed amounts 
payable in respect of goods and services tax, 
provident fund, employees’ state insurance, 
income tax, sales tax, service tax, duty of 
customs, duty of excise, value added tax, cess 
and other material statutory dues in arrears 
as at 31st March, 2025 for a period of more 
than six months from the date they became 
payable.
(b)   According to the information and explanations 
given to us, there are no dues of goods and 
services tax, provident fund, employees’ state 
insurance, income tax, sales tax, service tax, 
duty of customs, duty of excise, value added 
tax, cess and other material statutory dues, 
which have not been deposited as on 31st 
March 2025 on account of disputes.
viii. On the basis of our examination of the records of 
the Company, the Company has not surrendered or 
disclosed any transactions, previously unrecorded 
as income in the books of account, in the tax 
assessments under the Income-tax Act, 1961 as 
income during the year.
ix. (a)  On the basis of our examination of the 
records of the Company, the Company has 
not defaulted in repayment of loans or other 
borrowings or in payment of interest thereon.
 (b)  According to the information and explanations 
given to us and on the basis of our audit 
procedures, we report that the company has 
not been declared willful defaulter by any 
bank or financial institution or government or 
any government authority.
 (c)  In our opinion and according to the information 
and explanations given to us, the company has 
utilized the money obtained by way of term 
loans during the year for the purposes for 
which they were obtained.
 (d)  According to the information and explanations 
given to us, and the procedures performed 
by us, and on an overall examination of the 
financial statements of the company, we 
report that no funds raised on short-term basis 
have been used for long-term purposes by the 
company.
 (e)  According to the information and explanations 
given to us and on an overall examination of 
the standalone financial statements of the 
Company, we report that the Company has 
ANNEXURE “B” (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
===== PDF PAGE 91 =====
140
not taken any funds from any entity or person 
on account of or to meet the obligations of 
its subsidiaries as defined under the Act. The 
Company does not hold any investment in any 
associate or joint venture (as defined under the 
Act) during the year ended 31 March 2025.
 (f)  According to the information and explanations 
given to us and procedures performed by 
us, we report that the Company has not 
raised loans during the year on the pledge of 
securities held in its subsidiaries (as defined 
under the Act). The Company does not hold any 
investment in any associate or joint venture (as 
defined under the Act) during the year ended 
31 March 2025.
x. a)  During the year, the Company has not raised 
money by way of initial public offer or further 
public offer (including debt instruments). 
Accordingly, reporting under paragraph 3(x) 
(a) of the Order is not applicable.
 b)  According to the information and explanations 
given to us and procedures performed by us, 
the Company has not made any preferential 
allotment or private placement of shares 
or fully or partly or optionally convertible 
debentures during the year. Accordingly, 
reporting under clause 3(x)(b) of the Order is 
not applicable.
xi. a)  During the course of our examination of 
the books and records of the Company and 
according to the information and explanations 
given to us, considering the principles of 
materiality outlined in Standards on Auditing, 
we report that no fraud by the Company or on 
the Company has been noticed or reported 
during the year.
 b)  According to the information and explanations 
given to us including the representation made 
to us by the management of the Company, no 
report under sub-section 12 of Section 143 
of the Act has been filed by the auditors in 
Form ADT- 4 as prescribed under Rule 13 of 
Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, 
with the Central Government of India for the 
period covered by our audit
 c)  As represented to us by the management, there 
are no whistle blower complaints received by 
the company during the year.
xii. According to the information and explanations 
given to us, the Company is not a Nidhi Company. 
Accordingly, reporting under clause 3(xii) of the 
Order is not applicable.
xiii. In our opinion and according to the information 
and explanations given to us, the transactions 
with related parties are in compliance with Section 
177 and 188 of the Act, where applicable, and the 
details of the related party transactions have been 
disclosed in the standalone financial statements as 
required by the applicable accounting standards.
xiv. a) In our opinion, the Company has an internal 
audit system commensurate with the size and 
nature of its business.
 b)  We have considered, the internal audit reports 
of the Company issued to the Company during 
the year & covering the period up to March, 31 
2025 for the period under audit.
xv. According to the information and explanation given 
to us, the Company has not entered into any non-
cash transactions with its directors or persons 
connected with its directors and accordingly, 
reporting under clause 3(xv) of the Order with 
respect to compliance with the provisions of 
Section 192 of the Act are not applicable to the 
Company.
xvi. a)  The provisions of Section 45-IA of the Reserve 
Bank of India Act, 1934 (2 of 1934) are not 
applicable to the Company. Accordingly, the 
requirement to report on clause 3(xvi)(a) of the 
Order is not applicable to the Company
 b)  The Company has not conducted any Non-
Banking Financial or Housing Finance activities 
and is not required to obtain Certificate of 
Registration (CoR) for such activities from the 
Reserve Bank of India as per the Reserve Bank 
of India Act, 1934.
 c)  The Company is not a Core Investment 
Company as defined in the regulations made 
by Reserve Bank of India. Accordingly, the 
requirement to report on clause 3(xvi)(c) of the 
Order is not applicable to the Company
ANNEXURE “B” (Contd.)
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
141
 d)  Based on the information and explanations 
given to us and as represented by the 
management of the Company, the Group 
(as defined in Core Investment Companies 
(Reserve Bank) Directions, 2016) does not 
have any CIC. Accordingly, the requirement to 
report on clause 3(xvi)(d) of the Order is not 
applicable to the Company.
xvii. Based on the overall review of financial statements, 
the Company has not incurred cash losses in 
the current financial year however there were 
cash losses amounting to Rs. 488 Lakhs in the 
immediately preceding financial year. 
xviii. There has been no resignation of the statutory 
auditors during the year.  Accordingly, reporting 
under clause 3(xviii) of the Order is not applicable.
xix. According to the information and explanations 
given to us and on the basis of the financial 
ratios, ageing and expected dates of realisation 
of financial assets and payment of financial 
liabilities, other information accompanying the 
financial statements, our knowledge of the Board 
of Directors and management plans and based on 
our examination of the evidence supporting the 
assumptions, nothing has come to our attention, 
which causes us to believe that any material 
uncertainty exists as on the date of the audit 
report that the Company is not capable of meeting 
its liabilities existing at the date of balance sheet 
as and when they fall due within a period of one 
year from the balance sheet date. We, however, 
state that this is not an assurance as to the future 
viability of the Company. We further state that our 
reporting is based on the facts up to the date of the 
audit report and we neither give any guarantee nor 
any assurance that all liabilities falling due within a 
period of one year from the balance sheet date, will 
get discharged by the Company as and when they 
fall due.
xx. The Company has incurred average net loss in the 
period of three immediately preceding financial 
years and hence, it is not required to spend any 
money under sub-section (5) of section 135 of the 
Act. Accordingly, reporting under clause 3(xx) of 
the Order is not applicable to the Company for the 
year.
For Kirtane & Pandit LLP 
Chartered Accountants 
ICAI Firm Registration No.: 105215W/W100057
Suhrud Lele
Partner
Membership No.: 121162
UDIN: 25121162BMJHUR7655
Place: Navi Mumbai 
Date: April 25, 2025
ANNEXURE “B” (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 
2024-25
===== PDF PAGE 92 =====
143142
STANDALONE STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  Notes Year ended 
March 31, 2025
Year ended  
March 31, 2024
INCOME
Revenue from operations 13  1,221  1,079 
Other income 14  2,176  1,433 
Total income  3,397  2,512 
EXPENSES
Employee benefit expense 15  912  1,297 
Finance costs 16  724  910 
Depreciation and amortization expense 17  660  795 
Other expenses 18  1,356  1,121 
Total expenses  3,652  4,123 
Loss before exceptional items and tax  (255)  (1,611)
Exceptional items - expense 19  -     79 
Loss before tax  (255)  (1,690)
Tax expense / (credit) 5.b
Current tax  -     -    
Taxation in respect of earlier years  12  -    
Deferred tax  8  (351)
Total tax expense / (credit)  20  (351)
Loss for the year  (275)  (1,339)
Other comprehensive income / (loss)
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss 
Remeasurement of post-employment benefit obligations  9  (7)
Income tax relating to above  (2)  2 
Total other comprehensive income / (loss) for the year  7  (5)
Total comprehensive loss for the year  (268)  (1,344)
Earnings per share 20
Basic (`)  (0.51)  (3.39)
Diluted (`)  (0.51)  (3.39)
The accompanying notes including Material Accounting Policies from 1 to 32 are an integral part of the standalone financial statements.
As per our report of even date 
For Kirtane & Pandit LLP 
Chartered Accountants 
ICAI Firm Registration No.: 105215W/W100057
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
Aurum PropTech Limited
CIN No: L72300MH2013PLC244874
Suhrud Lele Onkar Shetye Vasant Gujarathi 
Partner Executive Director Non-Executive and Independent Director 
Membership No.: 121162 DIN - 06372831 DIN - 06863505 
Kunal Karan Sonia Jain 
Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary 
M. No. - A52138 
Place: Navi Mumbai Place: Navi Mumbai 
Date: April 25, 2025 Date: April 25, 2025 
STANDALONE BALANCE SHEET 
AS AT MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars Notes As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
ASSETS
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment 3.a  2,801  2,995 
Right of use assets 3.b  111  525 
Intangible assets 3.c  904  614 
Intangible assets under development 3.d  313  427 
Financial assets
Investments 4.a.1  26,120  23,304 
Loans 4.b.1  581  1,231 
Other financial assets 4.c  229  171 
Deferred tax assets (net) 5.b  871  882 
Other non-current assets 6  409  250 
Total non-current assets  32,339  30,399 
Current assets
Financial assets
Investments 4.a.2  3,217  1,500 
Trade receivables 4.d  359  309 
Cash and cash equivalents 4.e  102  47 
Bank balances other than cash and cash equivalents 4.f  1,425  1,550 
Loans 4.b.2  7 ,642  4,321 
Other financial assets 4.g  263  254 
Income tax assets (net) 5.a  113  1,258 
Other current assets 7  176  391 
Total current assets  13,297  9,630 
Total assets  45,636  40,031 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity
Equity share capital 8  2,756  1,993 
Other equity 9  33,492  21,884 
Total equity  36,248  23,877 
Liabilities
Non-current liabilities
Financial liabilities
Borrowings 10.a  7 ,550  9,272 
Lease liabilities 3.b  -     342 
Other financial liabilities 10.b.1  233  141 
Provisions 11  14  19 
Other non-current liabilities 12.a  63  43 
Total non-current liabilities  7 ,860  9,817 
Current liabilities
Financial liabilities
Borrowings 10.a  457  4,600 
Lease liabilities 3.b  131  248 
Trade payables 10.c
a) Dues of micro and small enterprises  20  25 
b) Dues of creditors other than micro and small enterprises  33  140 
Other financial liabilities 10.b.2  847  1,267 
Other current liabilities 12.b  40  58 
Total current liabilities  1,528  6,337 
Total liabilities  9,388  16,154 
Total equity and liabilities  45,636  40,031 
The accompanying notes including Material Accounting Policies from 1 to 32 are an integral part of the standalone financial statements.
As per our report of even date 
For Kirtane & Pandit LLP 
Chartered Accountants 
ICAI Firm Registration No.: 105215W/W100057
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
Aurum PropTech Limited
CIN No: L72300MH2013PLC244874
Suhrud Lele Onkar Shetye Vasant Gujarathi 
Partner Executive Director Non-Executive and Independent Director 
Membership No.: 121162 DIN - 06372831 DIN - 06863505 
Kunal Karan Sonia Jain 
Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary 
M. No. - A52138 
Place: Navi Mumbai Place: Navi Mumbai 
Date: April 25, 2025 Date: April 25, 2025 
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
===== PDF PAGE 93 =====
145144
STANDALONE  STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Securities 
premium
ESOP 
deposits 
and share 
call money 
account
Capital 
redemption 
reserve
Stock options 
outstanding 
account
Retained 
earnings
Total
Balance as at April 01, 2023  21,212  -    79  347  502  22,140 
Loss for the year   -     -     -     -     (1,339)  (1,339)
Other comprehensive loss for the year  -     -     -     -     (5)  (5)
Total comprehensive loss for the year  -    -    -    -    (1,344)  (1,344)
On exercise of Employee stock options  169  -     -     -     -     169 
Transfer from Stock options 
outstanding account  481  -     -     (481)  -     -    
Share based payments to employees  -     -     -     483  -     483 
Share based payments to employees 
of subsidiary companies  -     -     -     437  -     437 
Balance as at March 31, 2024  21,862  -    79  786  (842)  21,885 
 Nature and purpose of Reserves
 (a) Securities premium
  Amounts received on issue of shares in excess of the par value has been classified as securities premium.
 (b) Capital redemption reserve
   As per Companies Act, 2013, capital redemption reserve is created when company purchases its own shares 
out of free reserves or securities premium. A sum equal to the nominal value of the shares so purchased is 
transferred to capital redemption reserve. The reserve is utilised in accordance with the provisions of Section 
69 of the Companies Act, 2013.
 (c) Stock options outstanding account
   Stock options outstanding account is used to record the fair value of equity-settled share based payment 
transactions. The amounts recorded in this account are transferred to share premium net of face value upon 
exercise of stock options. In case of cancellation of options, corresponding balance is transferred to retained 
earnings.
 (d) Retained earnings
   Retained earning represents undistributed accumulated earnings of the Company as on the Balance Sheet 
date.
The accompanying notes including Material Accounting Policies from 1 to 32 are an integral part of the standalone 
financial statements.
As per our report of even date 
For Kirtane & Pandit LLP 
Chartered Accountants 
ICAI Firm Registration No.: 105215W/W100057
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
Aurum PropTech Limited
CIN No: L72300MH2013PLC244874
Suhrud Lele Onkar Shetye Vasant Gujarathi 
Partner Executive Director Non-Executive and Independent Director 
Membership No.: 121162 DIN - 06372831 DIN - 06863505 
Kunal Karan Sonia Jain 
Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary 
M. No. - A52138 
Place: Navi Mumbai Place: Navi Mumbai 
Date: April 25, 2025 Date: April 25, 2025 
STANDALONE STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(A) Equity Share Capital
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
No. of shares Amount No. of shares Amount 
Equity shares of ` 5/- each issued, subscribed and 
fully paid
Opening balance  2,91,30,356  1,456  2,86,29,689  1,431 
Add: Shares issued on exercise of options  1,43,100  8  5,00,667  25 
Closing balance  2,92,73,456  1,464  2,91,30,356  1,456 
Equity shares of ` 5/- each issued, subscribed and 
partly paid-up, ` 3.12/- paid-up (March 31, 2024 :  
` 1.25/- paid-up)
Opening balance  4,29,44,533  537  4,29,44,533  537 
Add : Call money received  -  755  -  - 
Closing balance  4,29,44,533  1,292  4,29,44,533  537 
Total Equity share capital at the end of the year  7 ,22,17 ,989  2,756  7 ,20,74,889  1,993 
(B) Other Equity
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Securities 
premium
ESOP 
deposits 
and share 
call money 
account
Capital 
redemption 
reserve
Stock options 
outstanding 
account
Retained 
earnings
Total
Balance as at April 01, 2024  21,862  -    79  786  (842)  21,885 
Loss for the year   -     -     -     -     (275)  (275)
Other comprehensive income for the 
year  -     -     -     -     7  7 
Total comprehensive loss for the year  -    -    -    -    (268)  (268)
On exercise of Employee stock options  106  -     -     -     106 
Transfer from Stock options 
outstanding account  97  -     -     (97)  -     -    
Received on Rights issue  11,349  -     -     -     11,349 
Received on Rights issue - pending 
allotment  -     85  -     -     -     85 
Received on exercise of ESOPs - 
pending allotment  -     2  -     -     -     2 
Share based payments to employees  -     -     -     276  -     276 
Share based payments to employees 
of subsidiary companies  -     -     -     57  -     57 
Balance as at March 31, 2025  33,414  87  79  1,022  (1,110)  33,492 
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
===== PDF PAGE 94 =====
147146
STANDALONE STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
As per our report of even date 
For Kirtane & Pandit LLP 
Chartered Accountants 
ICAI Firm Registration No.: 105215W/W100057
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
Aurum PropTech Limited
CIN No: L72300MH2013PLC244874
Suhrud Lele Onkar Shetye Vasant Gujarathi 
Partner Executive Director Non-Executive and Independent Director 
Membership No.: 121162 DIN - 06372831 DIN - 06863505 
Kunal Karan Sonia Jain 
Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary 
M. No. - A52138 
Place: Navi Mumbai Place: Navi Mumbai 
Date: April 25, 2025 Date: April 25, 2025 
 (Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  Year ended  
March 31, 2025
 Year ended  
March 31, 2024
Cash flow from financing activities
Proceeds from issue of equity shares (net)  12,218  194 
Proceeds from loan - related parties  1,597  5,267 
Repayment of loan - related parties  (5,230)  (37)
Proceeds from borrowings - bank  2,168  8,209 
Repayment of borrowings - bank  (4,400)  -    
Repayment of lease liability, net of interest  (219)  (205)
Interest and other finance charges paid  (817)  (845)
Net cash flow generated from financing activities (C)  5,317  12,583 
Net increase / (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (A+B+C)  55  (1,472)
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year  47  1,519 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year  102  47 
Cash and cash equivalents comprise (Refer note 4.e)
Balances with banks
Current accounts  102  47 
Fixed deposit with maturity for less than 3 months  -     -    
Total cash and cash equivalents at end of the year  102  47 
1. The above cash flow statement has been prepared under the ‘Indirect Method’ as set out in Ind AS-7 “ Statement of Cash Flows”.
2.  Figures in brackets indicate cash outflow.
3.  Previous year figures have been regrouped or reclassified wherever necessary.
The accompanying notes including Material Accounting Policies from 1 to 32 are an integral part of the standalone financial statements.
STANDALONE STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
 (Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  Year ended  
March 31, 2025
 Year ended  
March 31, 2024
Cash flow from operating activities
Loss before tax  (255)  (1,690)
Adjustments for:
Depreciation and amortization expense  660  795 
Share based payments  276  483 
Finance costs  724  910 
Provision for doubtful debts  -     21 
Interest income on deposits  (75)  (68)
Interest income on loans  (804)  (424)
Interest income on debentures  (193)  (144)
Interest income on security deposits  (32)  (22)
Interest on income tax refund  (61)  (156)
Income on investments measured at fair value  (541)  (319)
Profit on sale of current investments ( mutual funds )  (24)  (2)
Reversal of provisions  (259)  -    
Gain on foreign currency transactions and translations  (2)  (9)
Operating loss before working capital changes  (586)  (625)
Changes in working capital:
Increase in trade receivables  (50)  (43)
Decrease in non current and current financial assets  221  428 
(Increase) / decrease in non-current and current other assets  57  226 
Increase/(decrease) in non-current and current other financial liabilities  25  (74)
(Decrease) / increase in trade payables  (112)  56 
Increase in non-current and current other current liabilities  7  19 
Cash used in operations  (438)  (13)
Income tax refund / (paid) (net)  1,133  (223)
Interest income on income tax refund  61  156 
Net cash flow generated from / (used in) operating activities (A)  756  (80)
Cash flow from investing activities
Payment for property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and intangible assets under 
development
 (469)  (475)
Payment for investment in subsidiary companies  (2,058)  (9,578)
Proceeds from / (investment in ) financial assets - investments  (1,900)  1,100 
Loan given to subsidiary companies  (4,986)  (6,274)
Loan repaid by subsidiary companies  2,316  65 
Net proceeds from deposits  212  432 
Interest received  866  755 
Net cash flow used in investing activities (B)  (6,018)  (13,976)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
===== PDF PAGE 95 =====
149148
  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are classified as 
non-current assets and liabilities.
  The operating cycle is the time between the 
acquisition of assets for processing and their 
realisation in cash and cash equivalents. The 
Company has identified twelve months as its 
operating cycle.
(d) Presentation currency and rounding off
  The financial statements are presented in  
` and all values are rounded to nearest Lakhs  
(` 00,000), unless otherwise stated.
(e) Going concern
  The Company has prepared the standalone financial 
statements on the basis that it will continue to 
operate as a going concern.
(f) Use of estimates
  The preparation of standalone financial statements 
in conformity with Ind AS requires the Management 
to make estimate and assumptions that affect 
the reported amount of assets and liabilities as 
at the Balance Sheet date, reported amount of 
revenue and expenses for the year and disclosures 
of contingent liabilities as at the Balance Sheet 
date. The estimates and assumptions used in the 
accompanying standalone financial statements are 
based upon the Management’s evaluation of the 
relevant facts and circumstances as at the date of 
the standalone financial statements. Actual results 
could differ from these estimates. Estimates and 
underlying assumptions are reviewed on a periodic 
basis. Revisions to accounting estimates, if any, 
are recognised in the year in which the estimates 
are revised and in any future years if the revision 
effects such periods. Also key sources of estimation 
uncertainty is mentioned below:
 i)  Useful lives of property, plant and equipment 
and intangible assets:
   As described in the material accounting policy, 
the Company reviews the estimated useful 
lives of property, plant and equipment and 
intangible assets at the end of each reporting 
period.
 ii)  The fair value measurements and valuation 
processes:
   Some of the Company’s assets and liabilities 
are measured at fair value for financial 
reporting purposes. In estimating the fair 
value of an asset or liability, the Company 
uses market-observable data to the extent it is 
available. Where level 1 input are not available, 
the Company engages third party valuers, 
where required, to perform the valuation. 
Information about the valuation techniques 
and inputs, used in determining the fair value 
of various assets, liabilities and share based 
payments are disclosed in notes to standalone 
financial statements.
 iii) Actuarial valuation:
   The determination of Company’s liability 
towards defined benefit obligation to 
employees is made through independent 
actuarial valuation including determination 
of amounts to be recognized in the statement 
of profit or loss and in other comprehensive 
income. Such valuation depend upon 
assumptions determined after taking into 
account inflation, seniority, promotion and 
other relevant factors such as supply and 
demand factors in the employment market. 
Information about such valuation is provided in 
notes to standalone financial statements.
Note 2.(2). Property, plant and equipment
 Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost 
of acquisition less accumulated depreciation and 
accumulated impairment losses, if any.  Direct costs are 
capitalized until the assets are ready for use and include 
inward freight, and expenses incidental to acquisition 
and installation. Subsequent expenditures related to 
an item of Property, plant and equipment are added to 
its book value only if they increase the future benefits 
from the existing asset beyond its previously assessed 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Note 1. Corporate Information
Aurum PropTech Limited (“the Company”) is a public 
limited company domiciled in India and is listed on the 
BSE Limited (BSE) and National Stock Exchange of 
India Limited (NSE). The Company is in the business of 
PropTech (property and technology) development for 
the real estate and other services relating to real estate. 
The Company’s goal is to build an integrated ecosystem 
that will enhance consumer experiences and optimize 
efficiencies across the entire real estate value chain. 
This ecosystem aims to connect and streamline all 
aspects of the real estate industry, from property search 
and transactions to investment opportunities through its 
investment in subsidiaries.
The standalone financial statements are approved for 
issue by the Company’s Board of Directors on April 25, 
2025.
Note 2. Material Accounting Policies
This note provides a list of the material accounting 
policies adopted in the preparation of these standalone 
financial statements. These policies have been 
consistently applied except where a newly issued 
accounting standard is initially adopted or a revision to 
an existing accounting standard requires a change in 
accounting policy hitherto in use.
Note 2.(1). Basis of preparation and presentation
(a)  Statement of compliance with Ind AS 
  The standalone financial statements of the 
Company have been prepared on accrual and 
going concern basis, in accordance with Indian 
Accounting Standards (Ind-AS) notified under 
Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) 
read with the Companies (Indian Accounting 
Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended from time to 
time and other relevant provisions of the Act.
(b) Basis of measurement
  The standalone financial statements have been 
prepared on a historical cost convention on accrual 
basis, except for the following material items that 
have been measured at fair value as required by 
relevant Ind AS:-
 i)  Certain financial assets and liabilities 
measured at fair value (refer accounting policy 
2(15) on financial instruments);
 ii)  Share based payment transactions;and
 iii)  Defined benefit and other long-term employee 
benefits - plan assets measured at fair value.
(c)  Classification between current and non-current
  All assets and liabilities have been classified 
as current or non-current as per the Company’s 
normal operating cycle, paragraph 66 and 69 of 
Ind-AS 1 and other criteria as set out in Division II of 
Schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013.
 An asset is treated as current when it is:
 i)  Expected to be realised or intended to be sold 
or consumed in normal operating cycle
 ii)  Held primarily for the purpose of trading
 iii)  Expected to be realised within twelve months 
after the reporting period, or
 iv)  Cash or cash equivalent unless restricted from 
being exchanged or used to settle a liability 
for at least twelve months after the reporting 
period 
 All other assets are classified as non-current. 
 A liability is treated as current when:
 i)  It is expected to be settled in normal operating 
cycle
 ii)  It is held primarily for the purpose of trading
 iii)  It is due to be settled within twelve months 
after the reporting period, or 
 iv)  There is no unconditional right to defer the 
settlement of the liability for at least twelve 
months after the reporting period.
  The terms of the liability that could, at the option 
of the counterparty, result in its settlement by 
the issue of equity instruments do not affect its 
classification.
  The Company classifies all other liabilities as non-
current.
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
===== PDF PAGE 96 =====
151150
 Internally generated intangible assets (development 
costs)
 Expenditure on internally developed products is 
capitalised if it can be demonstrated that:
(i) it is technically feasible to develop the product for it 
to be sold
(ii) adequate resources are available to complete the 
development
(iii) there is an intention to complete and sell the 
product
(iv) the Company is able to sell the product
(v) sale of the product will generate future economic 
benefits, and
(vi) expenditure on the project can be measured 
reliably.
Capitalised development costs are amortized over the 
periods (3-7 years) the Company expects to benefit 
from selling the products developed. The amortisation 
expense is included within the ‘depreciation and 
amortisation expense’ in the Standalone Statement of 
Profit and Loss.
Development expenditure not satisfying the above 
criteria and expenditure on the research phase of internal 
projects are recognized in the Standalone Statement of 
Profit and Loss as incurred.
Note 2.(4). Intangible assets under development
 Intangibles which are not ready for intended use as on 
the date of Balance Sheet are disclosed as Intangible 
assets under development. 
 Intangible assets under development include costs 
associated with the development of Software/Web 
Applications for internal use and external sale. These 
assets are recognized when all the following conditions 
are met:
- The technical feasibility of completing the 
Software/Web Applications so that it will be 
available for use or sale is demonstrated.
- Management intends to complete the Software /
Web Applications and use or sell it.
- There is an ability to use or sell the Software /Web 
Applications.
- It can be demonstrated how the Software /
Web Applications will generate probable future 
economic benefits.
- Adequate technical, financial, and other resources 
to complete the development and to use or sell the 
Software/Web Applications are available.
- The expenditure attributable to the Software/Web 
Applications during its development can be reliably 
measured.
The costs capitalized include all directly attributable 
costs necessary to create, produce, and prepare the 
asset to be capable of operating in the manner intended 
by management. These costs typically include:
- Salaries and wages of employees directly involved 
in the development.
- Cost directly incurred for employees involved in the 
development.
- Costs of materials and services consumed in 
development.
- Depreciation of tools and equipment (if any) used in 
development.
Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets under 
development are carried at cost less any accumulated 
impairment losses. They are tested for impairment 
annually, and whenever there is an indication that the 
asset may be impaired. Upon completion, these assets 
are reclassified as intangible assets and are amortized 
on a systematic basis over their estimated useful life 
from the date they are available for use.
Note 2.(5). Impairment of non-financial assets
 The Company assesses at each year end whether there 
is any objective evidence that a non financial asset or 
a group of non financial assets is impaired. If any such 
indication exists, the Company estimates the asset’s 
recoverable amount and the amount of impairment loss.
 An impairment loss is calculated as the difference 
between an asset’s carrying amount and recoverable 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
standard of performance. The carrying amount of 
any component accounted for as a separate asset is 
derecognised when replaced.
Depreciation methods, estimated useful lives
 Depreciation on Property, plant and equipment is 
provided when the assets are ready for use on the 
straight line method, on a pro rata basis, over the 
estimated useful lives of assets, in order to reflect the 
period over which the depreciable asset is expected to 
be used by the Company. Based on technical evaluation 
the management estimates the useful lives of significant 
items of property, plant and equipment as follows:
Property, plant and 
equipment
Useful economic life
Buildings 28 years
Computers 1 -3 years 
Plant and equipment 3 - 5 years
Furniture and fixtures 5 - 7 years 
Vehicles 5 years
Office equipment 3 - 5 years 
Leasehold land Lease term ranging from 
95-99 years
The leasehold improvements are depreciated over the 
assets’ useful life or over the shorter of the assets useful 
life and the lease term. 
Based on technical evaluation, the management believes 
that the useful lives as given above best represent 
the period over which management expects to use 
these assets. Hence the useful lives for these assets is 
different from the useful lives as prescribed under Part 
C of schedule II of the Companies Act, 2013.
Depreciation on addition to property, plant and 
equipment is provided on pro-rata basis from the date 
of acquisition.
Depreciation on sale/deduction from property, plant and 
equipment is provided up to the date preceding the date 
of sale, deduction as the case may be. Losses arising 
from the retirement of, and gains or losses arising from 
disposal of property, plant and equipment measured 
as the difference between amount realised and net 
carrying value which are carried at cost are recognized 
in the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss under 
‘Other income/Other expenses’.
Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values 
are reviewed periodically at each financial year end 
and adjusted prospectively, as change in accounting 
estimates.
Note 2.(3). Intangible assets and amortization
 Intangible assets are recorded at the consideration 
paid for acquisition of such assets and are carried at 
cost of acquisition less accumulated amortization and 
impairment, if any.
 Intangible assets are recognized when the asset is 
identifiable, is within the control of the Company, 
probable that future economic benefits attributable 
to the asset will flow to the Company and the cost of 
the asset can be reliably measured. Expenditure on 
research activities is recognized in the Standalone 
Statement of Profit and Loss as incurred. Development 
expenditure is capitalised only if the expenditure can be 
measured reliably, the product or process is technically 
and commercially feasible, future economic benefits 
are probable and the Company intends to complete 
development and to use or sell the asset.
 The Company amortized intangible assets over their 
estimated useful lives using the straight line method. 
The estimated useful lives of intangible assets are as 
follows:
Intangible assets Useful economic life
Software 3 - 7 years
Web Applications 3 - 7 years
 Research costs are expensed as incurred. Software 
product development costs are expensed as incurred 
unless technical and commercial feasibility of the 
project is demonstrated, future economic benefits are 
probable, the Company has an intention and ability to 
complete and use or sell the software and the costs can 
be measured reliably. The costs which can be capitalized 
include the cost of material, direct labour or employee 
cost, professional fees paid to consultants, overhead 
costs that are directly attributable to preparing the 
asset for its intended use. Research and development 
costs and software development costs incurred under 
contractual arrangements with customers are accounted 
as expenses in the Standalone Statement of Profit and 
Loss.
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
===== PDF PAGE 97 =====
153152
services. These benefits comprise salaries, wages 
and performance incentives.
(b)   Other long-term employee benefit obligations 
 (i) Defined contribution plan
   The Company has defined contribution plans 
for post employment benefits in the form of 
provident fund, employees’ state insurance, 
labour welfare fund, pension fund (NPS) 
and superannuation fund in India which are 
administered through Government of India 
and/or Life Insurance Corporation of India 
(LIC).
 (ii) Defined benefit Plan
   Gratuity: The Company has defined benefit 
plans for post employment benefits in 
the form of gratuity for its employees in 
India. The gratuity scheme of the Company 
is administered through Life Insurance 
Corporation of India (LIC). The cost of the 
defined benefit gratuity plan and the present 
value of the gratuity obligation are determined 
using actuarial valuations. Actuarial gains 
and losses are recognized immediately in the 
Other Comprehensive Income (OCI) as income 
or expense (net of taxes). 
   An actuarial valuation involves making various 
assumptions that may differ from actual 
developments in the future. These include 
the  determination of the discount rate; future 
salary increases and mortality rates. Due to the 
complexities involved in the valuation and its 
long-term nature, a defined benefit obligation 
is highly sensitive to changes in these 
assumptions. All assumptions are reviewed at 
each reporting date.
   The parameter most subject to  change is the 
discount rate. In determining the appropriate 
discount rate for plans operated in India, the 
management considers the interest rates of 
government bonds where remaining maturity 
of such bond correspond to expected term of 
defined benefit obligation.
   The mortality rate is based on publicly available 
mortality tables. Those mortality tables tend 
to change only at interval in response to 
demographic changes. Future salary increases 
and gratuity increases are based on expected 
future inflation rates.
(c) Share based payments
  Stock options granted to employees of the Company 
and its subsidiaries (direct and step down) under 
the stock option scheme covered by Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Share based employee 
benefits) Regulations, 2014 are accounted using 
the fair value method. Under the equity settled 
share-based payment, the fair value on the grant 
date of the award given to employees is recognized 
in the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss with 
a corresponding increase in equity over the vesting 
period. 
  The fair value of the options at the grant date is 
calculated by an independent valuer basis ‘Black 
Scholes model’. At the end of each reporting period, 
apart from the non-market vesting condition, the 
expense is reviewed and adjusted to reflect changes 
to the level of options expected to vest. When the 
options are exercised, the Company issues fresh 
equity shares. The fair value of options granted to 
the employees of its subsidiaries are accounted as 
“Investment in subsidiaries” on a graded vesting 
basis over the vesting period of the option.
Note 2.(8). Foreign currency transactions
i)  Functional and presentation currency:  Items 
included in the standalone financial statements 
are measured using the currency of the primary 
economic environment in which the entity operates 
(‘the functional currency’). The standalone financial 
statements are presented in Indian rupee (`), which 
is the Company’s functional and presentation 
currency.
ii)  Foreign currency transactions and balances:
 a)  On initial recognition, all foreign currency 
transactions are recorded by applying to 
the foreign currency amount the exchange 
rate between the functional currency and 
the foreign currency at the date of the 
transaction. Gains/losses arising out of 
fluctuation in foreign exchange rates between 
the transaction date and settlement date are 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
amount. Losses are recognized in Standalone Statement 
of Profit and Loss and reflected in an allowance account. 
When the Company considers that there are no realistic 
prospects of recovery of the asset, the relevant amounts 
are written off. If the amount of impairment loss 
subsequently decreases and the decrease can be related 
objectively to an event occurring after the impairment 
was recognized, then the previously recognized 
impairment loss is reversed through Standalone 
Statement of Profit and Loss.
 The recoverable amount of an asset or cash-generating 
unit (as defined below) is the greater of its value in use 
and its fair value less costs to sell. In assessing value in 
use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to 
their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that 
reflects current market assessments of the time value of 
money and the risks specific to the asset. For the purpose 
of impairment testing, assets are grouped together into 
the smallest group of assets that generates cash in 
flows from continuing use that are largely independent 
of the cash inflows of other assets or groups of assets 
(the “cash-generating unit”).
Note 2.(6). Leases
Company as a lessee: 
 The Company’s lease asset classes primarily consist 
of leases for office premises. The Company assesses 
whether a contract contains a lease, at inception of a 
contract. A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract 
conveys the right to control the use of an identified 
asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. 
To assess whether a contract conveys the right to 
control the use of an identified asset, the Company 
assesses whether: (i) the contract involves the use of an 
identified asset (ii) the Company has substantially all of 
the economic benefits from use of the asset through the 
period of the lease and (iii) the Company has the right to 
direct the use of the asset.
 At the date of commencement of the lease, the 
Company recognizes a right-of-use asset (“ROU”) and a 
corresponding lease liability for all lease arrangements 
in which it is a lessee, except for leases with a term 
of twelve months or less (short-term leases) and low 
value leases. For these short-term and low value leases, 
the Company recognizes the lease payments as an 
operating expense on a straight-line basis over the term 
of the lease.
 Lease liability and ROU asset have been separately 
presented in the Balance Sheet and lease payments 
have been classified as financing cash flows.
 Certain lease arrangements includes the options to 
extend or terminate the lease before the end of the lease 
term. ROU assets and lease liabilities includes these 
options when it is reasonably certain that they will be 
exercised.
 The right-of-use assets are initially recognized at cost, 
which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability 
adjusted for any lease payments made at or prior to the 
commencement date of the lease plus any initial direct 
costs less any lease incentives. They are subsequently 
measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and 
impairment losses.
 Right-of-use assets are depreciated from the 
commencement date on a straight-line basis over the 
lease term. The lease liability is initially measured 
at amortized cost at the present value of the future 
lease payments. Lease liabilities are remeasured with 
a corresponding adjustment to the related right of use 
asset if the Company changes its assessment if whether 
it will exercise an extension or a termination option.
Company as a lessor:
 At the inception of the lease the Company classifies 
each of its leases as either an operating lease or a 
finance lease. The Company recognizes lease payments 
received under operating leases as income on a straight- 
line basis over the lease term. In case of a finance lease, 
finance income is recognized over the lease term based 
on a pattern reflecting a constant periodic rate of return 
on the lessor’s net investment in the lease. 
Note 2.(7). Employee benefits
(a) Short-term obligations
  The undiscounted amount of short term employee 
benefits expected to be paid in exchange for the 
services rendered by employees is recognized in 
the year during which the employee rendered the 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
===== PDF PAGE 98 =====
155154
2.(11). Other Income
 Dividend income from investments is recognized when 
the right to receive payment is established. 
 Interest income is recorded using the effective interest 
rate (EIR). EIR is the rate that exactly discounts the 
estimated future cash payments or receipts over the 
expected life of the financial instrument.
2.(12). Taxes
 The income tax expense or credit for the period is the tax 
payable on the current period’s taxable income based 
on the applicable income tax rate adjusted by changes 
in deferred tax assets and liabilities attributable to 
temporary differences and to unused tax losses.
(a) Current income tax
  Current income tax relating to items recognized 
outside profit or loss is recognized outside profit 
or loss (either in other comprehensive income 
or in equity). Current tax items are recognized in 
correlation to the underlying transaction either in 
OCI or directly in equity.
  Management periodically evaluates positions 
taken in the tax returns with respect to situations 
in which applicable tax regulations are subject to 
interpretation and establishes provisions where 
appropriate.
  Current tax assets and liabilities are offset when 
there is a legally enforceable right to offset the 
recognized amount and there is an intention to 
settle the asset and liability on a net basis.
(b) Deferred tax
  Deferred income tax is recognized using the 
balance sheet approach. Deferred income tax 
assets and liabilities are recognized for deductible 
and taxable temporary differences arising between 
the tax base of assets and liabilities and their 
carrying amount, except when the deferred income 
tax arises from initial recognition of Goodwill or 
from the initial recognition of an asset or liability 
in a transaction that is not a business combination 
and affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or 
loss at the time of the transaction.
  Deferred income tax assets are recognized to the 
extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be 
available against which the deductible temporary 
differences and the carry forward of unused tax 
credits and unused tax losses can be utilised.
  The carrying amount of deferred income tax assets 
is reviewed at each reporting date and reduced 
to the extent that it is no longer probable that 
sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow 
all or part of the deferred income tax asset to be 
utilised. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are 
measured using substantively enacted tax rates 
expected to apply to taxable income in the years in 
which the temporary differences are expected to be 
received or settled.
  Deferred tax liabilities are not recognized for 
temporary differences between the carrying 
amount and tax bases of investments in subsidiaries 
where the Company is able to control the timing of 
the reversal of the temporary differences and it is 
probable that the differences will not reverse in the 
foreseeable future.
  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when 
there is a legally enforceable right to set off assets 
against liabilities representing the current tax and 
where the deferred tax assets and liabilities relate 
to taxes on income levied by the same governing 
taxation laws.
Note 2.(13). Provisions and contingent liabilities
 A provision is recognized when the Company has a 
present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past 
event and it is probable that an outflow of resources will 
be required to settle the obligation, in respect of which 
a reliable estimate can be made. These are reviewed at 
each Balance Sheet date and adjusted to reflect the 
current best estimates.
 If the effect of the time value of money is material, 
provisions are discounted using a current pre-tax rate 
that reflects, when appropriate, the risks specific to the 
liability. When discounting is used, the increase in the 
provision due to the passage of time is recognized as a 
finance cost.
 Contingent liabilities are disclosed when there is 
a possible obligation arising from past events, the 
existence of which will be confirmed only by the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
recognized in the Standalone Statement of 
Profit and Loss.
 b)  Monetary assets and liabilities denominated 
in foreign currencies are translated at the 
functional currency spot rates of exchange 
at the reporting date and the exchange 
differences are recognized in the Standalone 
Statement of Profit and Loss.
 c)  Non-monetary items that are measured in 
terms of historical cost in a foreign currency 
are translated using the exchange rates at 
the dates of the initial transactions. Non-
monetary items measured at fair value in a 
foreign currency are translated using the 
exchange rates at the date when the fair value 
is determined. The gain or loss arising on 
translation of non-monetary items measured at 
fair value is treated in line with the recognition 
of the gain or loss on the change in fair value of 
the item (i.e., translation differences on items 
whose fair value gain or loss is recognized in 
OCI or profit or loss are also recognized in OCI 
or profit or loss, respectively).
Note 2.(9). Fair value measurement
 The Company measures financial instruments, such as, 
investments at fair value at each Balance Sheet date.
 Fair value is the price that would be received to sell 
an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly 
transaction between market participants at the 
measurement date. The fair value measurement is based 
on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset 
or transfer the liability takes place either: 
-  In the principal market for the asset or liability, or
-  In the absence of a principal market, in the most 
advantageous market for the asset or liability 
accessible to the Company.
 All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured 
or disclosed in the standalone financial statements are 
categorized within the fair value hierarchy, described as 
follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant 
to the fair value measurement as a whole: 
-  Level 1 — Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in 
active markets for identical assets or liabilities  
-  Level 2 — Valuation techniques for which the 
lowest level input that is significant to the fair value 
measurement is directly or indirectly observable 
-  Level 3 — Valuation techniques for which the 
lowest level input that is significant to the fair value 
measurement is unobservable
 The management determines the policies and 
procedures for both recurring fair value measurement 
and disclosure. For the purpose of fair value disclosures, 
the Company has determined classes of assets and 
liabilities on the basis of the nature, characteristics and 
risks of the asset or liability and the level of the fair value 
hierarchy as explained above.
Note 2.(10). Revenue from contracts with customers
 Revenue from contracts with customers is recognized 
when control of the services are transferred 
(performance obligation), to the customer at an amount 
that reflects the consideration, to which the Company 
expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or 
services.
 Revenue is measured at the fair value of the 
consideration received or receivable, taking into account 
contractually defined terms of payment and excluding 
taxes or duties collected on behalf of the government. 
The Company has concluded that it is the principal in its 
revenue arrangements since it is the primary obligor in 
the revenue arrangements as it has pricing latitude and 
is also exposed to credit risks.
 Rental income receivable under operating lease is 
recognized on straight-line basis over the term of lease, 
except where alternative basis is more representative 
of pattern of benefit to be derived from leased asset. 
leased incentive granted are recognized as integral part  
of total rental income to be received. Contingent rental 
are recognized as income in accounting period in which 
they are earned.
 Income from Information technology services 
is recognized on rendering of services based on 
agreements / arrangements with the concerned parties 
over the period of time.
 Revenues recognized in excess of invoicing are 
classified as contract assets (which is classified as 
unbilled revenue) while invoicing in excess of revenues 
are classified as contract liabilities (which is classified 
as unearned revenues).
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
===== PDF PAGE 99 =====
157156
 (iii) Equity instruments at FVTOCI
   All equity instruments are measured at 
fair value. Equity instruments held for 
trading is classified as FVTPL. For all other 
equity instruments, the Company may 
make an irrevocable election to present 
subsequent changes in the fair value in 
OCI. The Company makes such election 
on an instrument-by-instrument basis.  
If the Company decides to classify an equity 
instrument as at FVTOCI, then all fair value 
changes on the instrument, excluding dividend 
are recognized in OCI which is not subsequently 
recycled to statement of profit and loss.
 (iv) Financial assets at FVTPL
   FVTPL is a residual category for financial 
assets. Any financial asset which does not meet 
the criteria for categorization as at amortized 
cost or as FVTOCI, is classified as FVTPL.  
In addition the Company may elect to designate 
the financial asset, which otherwise meets 
amortized cost or FVTOCI criteria, as FVTPL 
if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces 
a measurement or recognition inconsistency. 
The Company has not designated any financial 
asset as FVTPL. Financial assets included 
within the FVTPL category are measured at 
fair values with all changes in the Standalone 
Statement of Profit and Loss.
b) Non-derivative financial liabilities
 (i) Financial liabilities at amortized cost
   Financial liabilities at amortized cost 
represented by borrowings, trade and other 
payables are initially recognized at fair value, 
and subsequently carried at amortized cost 
using the effective interest rate method.
 (ii) Financial liabilities at FVTPL
   Financial liabilities at FVTPL represented by 
contingent consideration are measured at 
fair value with all changes recognized in the  
statement of profit and loss.
c) Investment in subsidiaries 
  Investment in subsidiaries are carried at cost plus 
additional fair value of share options granted to 
employees of subsidiaries net of impairment, if any.
Note 2.(16). Contributed equity
Equity shares are classified as equity share capital.
 Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of 
new shares are shown in other equity under securities 
premium as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.
Note 2.(17). Earnings per share
 Basic earnings per share (EPS) are calculated by dividing 
the net  profit / (loss)  after tax for the year attributable 
to equity shareholders by the weighted average number 
of equity shares outstanding during the year. Diluted 
earnings per share  is computed by adjusting the number 
of shares used for basic EPS with the weighted average 
number of shares that could have been issued on the 
conversion of all dilutive potential equity shares. Dilutive 
potential equity shares are deemed converted as of the 
beginning of the year, unless they have been issued at a 
later date. The diluted potential equity shares have been 
adjusted for the proceeds receivable had the shares 
been actually issued at fair value i.e. average market 
value of outstanding shares. 
 The number of shares and potentially dilutive shares 
are adjusted for share splits and bonus shares, as 
appropriate. In calculating diluted earnings per share, 
the effects of anti dilutive potential equity shares 
are ignored. Potential equity shares are anti-dilutive 
when their conversion to equity shares would increase 
earnings per share or decrease loss per share.
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
future events not wholly within the control of the 
Company or a present obligation that arises from past 
events where it is either not probable that an outflow 
of resources will be required to settle the obligation 
or a reliable estimate of the amount cannot be made. 
Contingent assets are neither recognized nor disclosed 
in the standalone financial statements.
Note 2.(14). Cash and cash equivalents 
 The Company considers all highly liquid financial 
instruments, which are readily convertible into known 
amounts of cash that are subject to an insignificant 
risk of change in value and having original maturities 
of three months or less from the date of purchase, to 
be cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents consist 
of balances with banks which are unrestricted for 
withdrawal and usage.
Note 2.(15). Financial instruments
 All financial instruments are recognized initially at fair 
value. Transaction costs that are attributable to the 
acquisition of the financial asset (other than financial 
assets recorded at fair value through profit or loss) 
are included in the fair value of the financial assets. 
Purchase or sales of financial assets that require delivery 
of assets within a time frame established by regulation 
or convention in the market place (regular way trade) are 
recognized on trade date. While, loans and borrowings 
and payables are recognized net of directly attributable 
transaction costs.
 For the purpose of subsequent measurement, financial 
instruments of the Company are classified in the 
following categories: non derivative financial assets 
comprising amortized cost, debt instruments at fair 
value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI), 
equity instruments at FVTOCI or fair value through profit 
and loss account (FVTPL) and non derivative financial 
liabilities at amortized cost or FVTPL.
 The classification of financial instruments depends 
on the objective of the business model for which it is 
held. Management determines the classification of its 
financial instruments at initial recognition.
a) Non-derivative financial assets
 (i) Financial assets at amortized cost
   A financial asset is measured at amortized cost 
if both of the following conditions are met:
  (a)  the financial asset is held within a 
business model whose objective is to 
hold financial assets in order to collect 
contractual cash flows and
  (b)  the contractual terms of the financial 
asset give rise on specified dates to 
cash flows that are solely payments 
of principal and interest (SPPI) on the 
principal amount outstanding.     
   They are presented as current assets, except 
for those maturing later than 12 months after 
the reporting date which are presented as non-
current assets. Financial assets are measured 
initially at fair value plus transaction costs 
and subsequently carried at amortized cost 
using the effective interest method, less any 
impairment loss.
   Amortised cost are represented by trade 
receivables, security deposits, cash and cash 
equivalents, employee and other advances and 
eligible current and non-current assets.
 (ii) Debt instruments at FVTOCI
   A debt instrument is measured at fair value 
through other comprehensive income if both 
of the following conditions are met:
  (a)  the objective of the business model is 
achieved by both collecting contractual 
cash flows and selling financial assets 
and
  (b)  the asset’s contractual cash flow 
represent SPPI
   Debt instruments included within FVTOCI 
category are measured initially as well as 
at each reporting period at fair value plus 
transaction costs. Fair value movements are 
recognized in other comprehensive income 
(OCI). However, the Company recognizes 
interest income, impairment losses & reversals 
and foreign exchange gain/(loss) in Standalone 
Statement of Profit and Loss. On derecognition 
of the asset, cumulative gain or loss previously 
recognized in OCI is reclassified from equity to 
profit and loss. Interest earned is recognized 
under the effective interest rate (EIR) model.
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
===== PDF PAGE 100 =====
159158
Note 3.b Right of use assets
A. Company as lessee: 
 The Company has taken office premises under lease arrangements.
 i) The details of the right-of-use assets held by the Company is as follows: 
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  Building 
Balance as at April 01, 2023  762 
Additions / (deletions )  -    
Depreciation charged during the year  (237)
Balance as at March 31, 2024  525 
Balance as at April 01, 2024  525 
Additions / (deletions)  (240)
Depreciation charged during the year  (174)
Balance as at March 31, 2025  111 
 ii)  Set out below are the carrying amounts of lease liabilities and the movement during the year: 
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  Building 
Balance as at April 01, 2023  795 
Additions  -    
Accretion of interest  60 
Payment of interest  (60)
Payment of principal  (205)
Balance as at March 31, 2024  590 
Current liabilities  248 
Non current liabilities  342 
Balance as at April 01, 2024  590 
Additions  -    
Deletions  (272)
Accretion of interest  26 
Payment of interest  (26)
Payment of principal  (187)
Closing as at March 31, 2025  131 
Current liabilities  131 
Non current liabilities  -    
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Note 3.a. Property, Plant and Equipment
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars Gross carrying amount Accumulated depreciation Net carrying amount
As at  
April 01, 2024
 Additions  Disposals  As at March 
31, 2025 
As at  
April 01, 2024
 For the year  Disposals  As at March 
31, 2025 
 As at March 
31, 2025 
 As at  
April 01, 2024 
A) Owned assets
Buildings  3,142  -     -     3,142  807  114  -     921  2,221  2,335 
Computers  214  22  -     236  199  18  -     217  19  15 
Plant and equipment  365  1  10  356  196  68  4  260  96  169 
Furniture and fixtures  129  235  43  321  74  47  16  105  216  55 
Electrical fittings and 
installations
 33  14  14  33  11  5  5  11  22  22 
Office equipment  120  0  51  69  71  17  31  57  12  48 
Total (A)  4,003  272  118  4,157  1,358  269  56  1,571  2,586  2,644 
B) Leased assets
Leasehold land  170  -     -     170  34  2  -     36  134  136 
Leasehold improvements  404  2  40  366  189  109  13  285  81  215 
Total (B)  574  2  40  536  223  111  13  321  215  351 
Total ( A + B )  4,577  274  158  4,693  1,581  380  69  1,892  2,801  2,995 
Particulars Gross carrying amount Accumulated depreciation Net carrying amount
As at  
April 01, 2023
 Additions  Disposals  As at March 
31, 2024 
As at  
April 01, 2023
 For the year  Disposals  As at March 
31, 2024 
 As at March 
31, 2024 
As at  
April 01, 2023
A) Owned assets
Buildings  3,078  64  -     3,142  692  114  -     807  2,335  2,386 
Computers  206  8  -     214  116  83  -     199  15  90 
Plant and equipment  363  2  -     365  128  68  -     196  169  235 
Furniture and fixtures  129  -     -     129  50  24  -     74  55  79 
Electrical fittings and 
installations
 33  -     -     33  5  6  -     11  22  28 
Office equipment  120  -     -     120  39  32  -     71  48  81 
Total (A)  3,929  74  -    4,003  1,031  328  -    1,358  2,644  2,898 
B) Leased assets
Leasehold land  170  -     -     170  34  -     -     34  136  136 
Leasehold improvements  361  43  -     404  76  113  -     189  215  285 
Total (B)  531  43  -    574  110  113  -    223  351  421 
Total ( A + B )  4,460  117  -    4,577  1,141  441  -    1,581  2,995  3,319 
Note : Refer Note 10.a. for information on property,plant and equipment hypothecated as security by the Company.
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
===== PDF PAGE 101 =====
161160
Note 3.c Intangible assets
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars Gross carrying amount Accumulated amortization Net carrying amount
As at  
April 01, 2024
 Additions  Deductions As at March 
31, 2025
As at  
April 01, 2024
 For the year Deductions  As at March 
31, 2025 
 As at March 
31, 2025 
As at  
April 01, 2024 
Owned assets
Software  747  397  -     1,144  133  107  -     240  904  614 
Total  747  397  -    1,144  133  107  -    240  904  614 
Particulars Gross carrying amount Accumulated amortization Net carrying amount
As at  
April 01, 2023
 Additions  Deductions  As at March 
31, 2024 
As at  
April 01, 2023
 For the year Deductions  As at March 
31, 2024 
 As at March 
31, 2024 
As at  
April 01, 2023 
Owned assets
Software  747  -     -     747  27  107  -     133  614  721 
Web applications  11  -     11  -     1  10  11  -     -     10 
Total  758  -    11  747  28  117  11  133  614  731 
Note 3.d Intangible assets under development
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at  
April 01, 2024
 Additions  Transfer to 
intangible assets 
 As at March 31, 
2025 
As at 
April 01, 2023 
 Additions  Transfer to 
intangible assets 
 As at March 31, 
2024 
Software  427  283  (397)  313  70  357  -     427 
Total  427  283  (397)  313  70  357  -    427 
(i) Ageing schedule
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
As at March 31, 2025
Particulars
As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
Less than 1 
year
1-2 years 2-3 
 years
More than 3 
years
Total Less than 1 
year
1-2 years 2-3 
 years
More than 3 
years
Total
Projects in progress  169  144  -     -     313  357  45  25  -     427 
Total  169  144  -    -    313  357  45  25  -    427 
(ii)   There are no projects as Intangible assets under development as at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, whose completion is overdue or cost of 
which has exceeded in comparison to its original plan.
Note:
(a) Intangible assets as at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 includes software’s being developed internally.
(b)  The Company is in the process of developing new products whose feasibility has been established and enhancing and increasing functionality 
of existing technology / software with a clear objective of deriving future economic benefit from the same. In the process the Company during 
the year ended March 31, 2025, has capitalized ` 283 Lakhs (` 357 Lakhs) in Intangible assets under development mainly on account of cost 
incurred on its own product team and management team directly involved. These are initially treated as Intangible assets under development and 
on completion transferred to Intangible assets.
(c) The Company has not revalued its Intangible assets during the current year and previous year.
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
 iii) Maturity analysis on lease liabilities 
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars Year ended  
March 31, 2025 
Year ended 
March 31, 2024 
Less than one year  131  289 
One to five years  -     301 
Total  131  590 
 iv) Amount recognized in Statement of Profit and Loss: 
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars Year ended  
March 31, 2025 
Year ended 
March 31, 2024 
Interest on lease liabilities  26  60 
Depreciation expenses on right-of-use assets  174  237 
Expenses relating to short-term leases  7  9 
 v) Amount recognized in Statement of Cash Flows: 
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars Year ended  
March 31, 2025 
Year ended 
March 31, 2024 
Total cash outflow for leases (including short term lease) 220 274
B.  Company as a lessor: 
 The Company has given certain office premises on lease. 
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars Year ended  
March 31, 2025 
Year ended 
March 31, 2024 
i.  Rental income recognized in the Standalone Statement of Profit and 
Loss
 1,046  888 
ii. Lease equalisation  353  181 
  Maturity analysis on lease payments receivable 
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars Year ended  
March 31, 2025 
Year ended 
March 31, 2024 
Less than one year  1,099  788 
One to five years  2,494  1,668 
Total  3,593  2,456 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
===== PDF PAGE 102 =====
163162
(B) Investment in debentures (at amortized cost)
As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
Number 
of shares/ 
debentures
Face value 
per share/ 
debenture
Amount Number 
of shares/ 
debentures
Face value 
per share/ 
debenture
Amount
In subsidiary companies
Unquoted, fully paid-up, Face 
value in `
12% Non - convertible debentures 
of Integrow Asset Management 
Private Limited
 -     -     -     6,500  10,000  650 
In others
Unquoted, fully paid-up, Face 
value in `
15% Non- convertible debentures of 
Pranami Neev Realty Limited
 70  10,00,000  700  -     -     -    
Total of investments measured at 
amortized cost
 700  650 
(C) Investments in equity shares measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
Number 
of shares/ 
debentures
Face value 
per share/ 
debenture
Amount Number 
of shares/ 
debentures
Face value 
per share/ 
debenture
Amount
In other companies
Unquoted, fully paid-up, Face 
value in `
Kylas Technologies Private Limited  1,500  10  0  1,400 10  0 
Imogentechno Delta Park Private 
Limited
 10,000  10  1  -    0  -    
Wisetechno Private Limited  10,000  10  1  -    0  -    
Total of investments measured 
at fair value through Other 
comprehensive income
 2  0 
Total  26,120  23,304 
Aggregate amount of:
Unquoted investments  26,120  23,304 
Quoted investmemts and market 
value thereof
 -     -    
Impairment in value of investments  -     -    
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Note 4.a. Financial assets - investments
Note 4.a.1 - Financial assets- non current investments
(A) Investment in Equity Instruments (at cost)
As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
Number 
of shares/ 
debentures
Face value 
per share/ 
debenture
Amount Number 
of shares/ 
debentures
Face value 
per share/ 
debenture
Amount
In subsidiary companies
Unquoted, fully paid-up, face value 
in `
K2V2 Technologies Private Limited  38,228  10  1,912  20,735 10  1,800 
Aurum Softwares and Solutions 
Private Limited
 60,00,000  10  600  60,00,000 10  600 
Liv Real Solutions Private Limited
(formerly Aurum RealTech Services 
Private Limited)
 1,00,00,000  10  1,126  1,00,00,000 10  1,117 
Integrow Asset Management 
Private Limited 
 67 ,89,438  10  2,473  33,80,000 10  999 
Helloworld Technologies India 
Private Limited
 1,07 ,000  10  5,872  1,07 ,000 10  5,868 
Aurum Analytica Private Limited 
(formerly known as Blink Advisory 
Services Private Limited)
 1,80,000  10  2,171  10,000 10  2,115 
YieldWiseX Technologies Private 
Limited 
(formerly known as Vartaman 
Consultants  Private Limited)
 73,000  100  963  73,000 100  963 
Monk Tech Ventures Private 
Limited 
 51,000  10  5  51,000 10  5 
NestAway Technologies Private 
Limited
 6,08,092  1  8,685  5,45,631 1  7 ,791 
Cuneate Services Private Limited  10,000  10  1  10,000 10  1 
Imogentechno Delta Park Private 
Limited
 -     -     -     10,000 10  1 
Wisetechno Private Limited  -     -     -     10,000 10  1 
Bonds Brain Technologies Private 
Limited
 10,000  10  1  -     -     -   
Unquoted, fully paid-up, Face 
value in USD
Equity shares of Monk Tech Labs 
Pte. Limited
 13,868  0.005  771  13,868  0.005  768 
10% Fully convertible debentures of 
Monk Tech Labs Pte. Limited
 100  10,000  838  75  10,000  625 
Total of investments measured at 
cost
 25,418  22,654 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
===== PDF PAGE 103 =====
165164
 (iii) Monk Tech Labs Pte. Limited (MTL)
   Under its ESOP plan, the Company has granted stock options to MTL employees. The cost associated with 
these options, amounting to ` 3 Lakhs for 2024-25, has been recorded by the Company as an Investment in 
MTL.
 (iv) Integrow Asset Management Private Limited ( Integrow)
   In FY 2021-22, the Company invested ` 999 Lakhs for a 49.13% equity stake in Integrow. Subsequently, in 2024-
25, a loan and the accrued interest on the outstanding loan, totaling ` 1,474 Lakhs, provided by the Company 
to Integrow, were converted into an equity investment.
 (v) Helloworld Technologies India Private Limited ( HWTL)
   In FY 2022-23, the Company acquired 100% of the equity shares of HWTL for a consideration of ` 3,811 Lakhs. 
Subsequently, in FY 2023-24, loans and accrued interest on outstanding loans provided by the Company to 
HWTL, totaling ` 1,733 Lakhs, were converted into equity investments.
   Under its ESOP plan, the Company granted stock options to HWTL employees. The cost associated with these 
options, amounting to ` 4 Lakhs for 2024-25 has been recorded by the Company as an Investment in HWTL.
 (vi) Aurum Analytica Private Limited (Analytica)
   In FY 2022-23, the Company acquired 100% of the equity shares of Analytica for a consideration of  
` 1,850 Lakhs. During the 2024-25, the Company made a further investment of ` 17 Lakhs in the equity shares 
of Analytica.
   Under its ESOP plan, the Company granted stock options to Analytica employees. The cost associated with 
these options, amounting to ` 38 Lakhs for 2024-25 has been recorded by the Company as an Investment in 
Analytica.
 (vii) YieldWiseX Technologies Private Limited (YeildWiseX)
  In FY 2023-24, the Company invested ` 963 Lakhs for a 100% equity stake in YieldWiseX.
 (viii) Monk Tech Ventures Private Limited ( MTVL )
  In FY 2023-24, the Company invested ` 5 Lakhs for a 51% equity stake in MTVL.
 (ix) NestAway Technologies Private Limited (NTPL)
   In FY 2023-24, the Company acquired 93.64% of the equity shares of NTPL for a consideration of ` 7 ,791 
Lakhs. During 2024-25, the Company made a further investment of ` 892 Lakhs in the equity shares of NTPL, 
increasing its holding to 98.72%.
   Under its ESOP plan, the Company granted stock options to NTPL employees. The cost associated with these 
options, amounting to ` 2 Lakhs for 2024-25 has been recorded by the Company as an Investment in NTPL.
 (x) Imogentechno Delta Park Private Limited and Wisetechno Private Limited
   These two entities were formed in FY 2023-24 with an investment of ` 1 lakh each as special purpose vehicles 
for the Fractional Ownership business under YieldWiseX. With the onboarding of external investors during the 
2024-25, the Board control of these entities has been transferred, and therefore they are no longer treated as 
subsidiaries.
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Note 4.a.2 - Financial assets- current investments
(A) Investments in units measured at fair value through Profit and Loss
(i) In other companies
As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
Number of 
units
Face value 
per unit
Amount Number of 
units
Face value 
per unit
Amount
Unquoted, fully paid-up, Face 
value in `
Integrow Real Estate Special 
Situation Fund
 2,647  1,00,000  3,217  1,500 100000  1,500 
Total  3,217  1,500 
 Disclosure pursuant to Ind AS 27 ‘Separate Financial Statements’ for investment in equity instruments of subsidiary 
companies and associates:
Name of entity Principal place of business Proportion of voting rights held 
by the Company
As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
K2V2 Technologies Private Limited India 81.94% 44.44%
Aurum Softwares and Solutions Private Limited India 100.00% 100.00%
Liv Real Solutions Private Limited  
(formerly Aurum RealTech Services Private 
Limited)
India 100.00% 100.00%
Monk Tech Labs Pte. Limited Singapore 40.00% 40.00%
Hello World Technologies Private Limited India 100.00% 100.00%
Integrow Asset Management Private Limited India 49.13% 49.13%
Aurum Analytica Private Limited 
(formerly known as Blink Advisory Services 
Private Limited)
India 100.00% 100.00%
Monk Tech Venture Private Limited India 51.00% 51.00%
YieldWiseX Technologies Private Limited
(formerly known as Vartaman Consultants  
Private Limited)
India 100.00% 100.00%
Cuneate Services Pvt Ltd India 100.00% 100.00%
NestAway Technologies Private Limited India 98.72% 93.64%
Wisetechno Private Limited India - 100.00%
Imogentechno Delta Park Private Limited India - 100.00%
Notes :
(i) K2V2 Technologies Private Limited ( K2V2)
  The Company invested ` 1,800 Lakhs in FY 2021-22 for a 44.44% equity stake in K2V2. During the year, the 
Company acquired an additional 37 .53% of K2V2’s equity shares for a consideration of ` 112 Lakhs, increasing 
its total holding to 81.94%.
 (ii) Aurum RealTech Services Private Limited (ARTL)
   Under its ESOP plan, the Company granted stock options to ARTL employees. The cost associated with these 
options, amounting to ` 9 Lakhs for 2024-25 has been recorded by the Company as an Investment in ARTL.
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
===== PDF PAGE 104 =====
167166
Note 4.c. Non-current financial assets - Others
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at 
March 31, 2024 
Unsecured, considered good  
Long term deposits with bank  90  -    
Security deposits  139  171 
Total  229  171 
Note 4.d. Trade receivables
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at 
March 31, 2024 
Unsecured  
Considered good (Refer note 21)  359  309 
Significant increase in credit risk  8  21 
Less : Provision for trade receivables which have significant increase in credit 
risk
 (8)  (21)
Total  359  309 
 Trade receivables ageing Schedules for the year ended March 31, 2025 and year ended March 31, 2024 outstanding from 
the due date of payment:
Unsecured, considered good
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at 
March 31, 2024 
Less than 6 months  47  117 
6 months - 1 year  13  113 
1-2 year  208  79 
2- 3 years  91  - 
More than 3 years  -  - 
Total  359  309 
Unsecured, significant increase in credit risk
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at 
March 31, 2024 
Not due  -  - 
Less than 6 months  -  - 
6 months - 1 year  -  - 
1-2 year  -  21 
2- 3 years  8  - 
More than 3 years  -  - 
Total  8  21 
The Company does not have any disputed trade receivables.
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Note 4.b. Financial assets - loans
Note 4.b.1 - Loans (non-current)
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars Year ended  
March 31, 2025 
Year ended 
March 31, 2024 
Unsecured, considered good  
Loans (Refer note 21)  581  1,231 
Total  581  1,231 
Notes:
(i)  Loans or advances in the nature of loans are granted to Promoters, Directors, KMPs and the Related parties (as 
defined under Companies Act, 2013,) either severally or jointly with any other person are as below:
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Type of Borrower As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
Amount 
outstanding
% of Total Amount 
outstanding
% of Total
Promoter  -  -     -  -    
Directors  -  -     -  -    
KMPs  -  -     -  -    
Related Parties  581 100%  1,231 100%
Total  581 100%  1,231 100%
(ii) Loan to related parties carries a interest rate of 10-15% per annum and tenure between 2-4 years.
Note 4.b.2 - Loans (current)
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at 
March 31, 2024 
Unsecured, considered good  
Loans (Refer note 21)  7 ,642  4,321 
Total  7 ,642  4,321 
Notes:
(i)  Loans or advances in the nature of loans are granted to Promoters, Directors, KMPs and the Related parties (as 
defined under Companies Act, 2013,) either severally or jointly with any other person are as below:
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Type of Borrower As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
Amount 
outstanding
% of Total Amount 
outstanding
% of Total
Promoter  -  -     -     -    
Directors  -  -     -     -    
KMPs  -  -     -     -    
Related Parties  7 ,642 100%  4,321 100%
Total  7 ,642 100%  4,321 100%
(ii)  Loan to related parties are given for business purposes ,carries a interest rate of 10-15% per annum and tenure 
between 2-4 years or on demand.
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
===== PDF PAGE 105 =====
169168
Note 5.b.  Deferred tax assets
(a) Deferred tax relates to the following: 
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at 
March 31, 2024 
Deferred tax assets
On property, plant and equipment  69  49 
On business loss  891  852 
On provision for employee benefits  4  5 
Total  963  906 
Deferred tax liabilities
On fair valuation gain/(losses) on lease liabilities and lease equalisation 
levy
 83  24 
On property, plant and equipment  10  -    
Total  92  24 
Deferred tax assets, net  871  882 
(b) Reconciliation of deferred tax assets / (liabilities) (net): 
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at 
March 31, 2024 
Opening balance  882  529 
Tax (liabilities) / assets recognized in the Standalone of Profit and Loss  (8)  351 
On re-measurement gain / (loss) of post employment benefit obligation  (2)  2 
Closing balance  871  882 
(c) Deferred tax assets / (liabilities) to be recognized in Balance Sheet : 
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at 
March 31, 2024 
Deferred tax assets  963  432 
Deferred tax liabilities  (92)  (81)
Total  871  351 
(d) Income tax expense: 
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars Year ended  
March 31, 2025 
Year ended 
March 31, 2024 
Current tax  -     -    
Taxation in respect of earlier years  12  -    
Deferred tax (credit) / charge  8  (351)
Total  20  (351)
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Note 4.e. Cash and cash equivalents
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at 
March 31, 2024 
Cash and cash equivalents consists of the followings:  
Balances with banks  -    
Current accounts  102  47 
Total  102  47 
Note 4.f. Bank balances other than cash and cash equivalents
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at 
March 31, 2024 
Fixed deposits with original maturity for more than 3 months but less than 12 
months
 625  818 
Earmarked balances with banks
Unclaimed dividend account  713  732 
ESOP deposits and call money received on Rights issue  87  - 
Total  1,425  1,550 
Note 4.g.  Current financial assets - others
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at 
March 31, 2024 
Unsecured, considered good
Interest accrued on deposits  27  32 
Interest accrued   (Refer note 21)  235  211 
Security deposits  1  1 
Other receivables  -  11 
Total  263  254 
Note 5.a. Income tax assets (net)
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at 
March 31, 2024 
Advance income tax including tax deducted at source  113  1,258 
Total  113  1,258 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
===== PDF PAGE 106 =====
171170
Note 8. Equity share capital
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at 
March 31, 2024 
Authorised share capital
20,00,00,000  Equity shares of ` 5/- each  10,000  10,000 
(March 31, 2024 : 20,00,00,000 Equity shares of ` 5/- each)
Total  10,000  10,000 
Issued, subscribed and paid up capital
2,92,73,456  Equity shares of ` 5/- each fully paid  1,463  1,456 
(March 31, 2024 : 2,91,30,356 Equity shares of ` 5/- each fully paid)
4,29,44,533 Equity shares of ` 5/- each, ` 3.12/- paid-up  1,341  537 
(March 31, 2024 : 4,29,44,533 Equity shares of ` 5/- each, ` 1.25/- paid-up)
Less : Calls unpaid  (48)  - 
(Refer note c below)
Total  2,756  1,993 
(a) Reconciliation of equity shares outstanding at the beginning and at the end of the year
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
 No. of shares  Amount   No. of shares % of Total
Outstanding at the beginning of the year  7 ,20,74,889  1,993  7 ,15,74,222  1,968 
Add : Shares issued on exercise of employee 
stock options 
 1,43,100  8  5,00,667  25 
Add : Call money received on Rights issue  -     755  -     -    
Outstanding at the end of the year  7 ,22,17 ,989  2,756  7 ,20,74,889  1,993 
(b) Rights, preferences and restrictions attached to shares: 
  Equity Shares: The Company has only one class of equity shares having par value of ` 5/- per share. The holder 
of the equity share is entitled to dividend right and voting right in the same proportion as the capital paid-up on 
such equity share bears to the total paid-up equity share capital of the Company. The Company declares and 
pays dividend in Indian rupees. The dividend proposed by the Board of Directors is subject to the approval of the 
shareholders in the ensuing Annual General Meeting, except in case of interim dividend. In the event of liquidation, 
the equity shareholders are eligible to receive the remaining assets of the Company in the same proportion as the 
capital paid-up on the equity shares held by them bears to the total paid-up equity share capital of the Company.
(c) Issue of shares under Rights Issue: 
  The Company had issued 4,29,44,533 equity shares of face value of ` 5/- each on right basis ( ‘Rights Equity 
Shares’). In accordance with the terms of issue, ` 20/- ( including a premium of ` 18.75/- per share ) i.e. 25% of the 
Issue Price per Rights Equity Share, was received from the concerned allottees on application and shares were 
allotted. The Company has made First call of ` 30/- per Rights Equity Share (including a premium of ` 28.13/- per 
share) in March 2024. As on March 31, 2025, an aggregate amount of ` 764 Lakhs (including premium amount of  
` 716 Lakhs) is unpaid. The trading of 4,03,99,270 partly paid shares were effective from May 07 , 2024.
  The Company has made Second and Final call of ` 30/- per Rights Equity Share (including a premium of ` 28.12/- per 
share) in March 2025 alongwith a reminder for the first call unpaid. The last date of payment of call money is April 
30, 2025.
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
(e) Reconciliation of tax charge:
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars Year ended  
March 31, 2025 
Year ended 
March 31, 2024 
Loss before tax  (255)  (1,690)
Statutory Income tax rate 25.17% 25.17%
Income tax (credit) / expense on the same at tax rates applicable  (64)  (425)
Tax effects of :
Items not deductible to tax  128  74 
Impact of lower effective tax rates on rent income  (55)  -    
Tax of earlier years  12  -    
Income tax expense / (credit)  20  (351)
Note 6. Other non-current assets
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at 
March 31, 2024 
Prepaid expenses  56  69 
Lease equalization  353  181 
Total  409  250 
Note 7 . Other current assets
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at 
March 31, 2024 
Balance with statutory authorities  24  3 
Advance to vendors  14  33 
Unbilled revenue  45  31 
Prepaid expenses  87  74 
Others  6  251 
Total  176  391 
 Share of stamp duty ` 249 Lakhs (March 31, 2025: ` 249 Lakhs) against demand on Mastek Ltd. by the office of the 
superintendent of Stamps, Gandhinagar, for implementation of the demerger scheme, paid under protest.
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
===== PDF PAGE 107 =====
173172
Note 9. Other equity
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
(A) Securities premium
Opening balance  21,862  21,212 
On exercise of Employee stock options  106  169 
Transfer from Stock options outstanding account  97  481 
Received on Rights issue  11,349  -    
Closing balance  33,414  21,862 
(B) ESOP deposits and share call money account
Opening balance  -     -    
Received on Rights issue - pending allotment  85  -    
Received on exercise of ESOPs - pending allotment  2  -    
Closing balance  87  -   
(C) Capital redemption reserve  79  79 
(D) Stock options outstanding account
Opening balance  786  347 
Employee stock options granted to employees  276  483 
Employee stock options granted to employees of subsidiary companies  57  437 
Transferred to Securities premium  (97)  (481)
Closing balance  1,022  786 
(D) Retained earnings
Opening balance (842)  502 
Net loss for the current year (275)  (1,339)
Other comprehensive income / (loss)  7  (5)
Closing balance (1,110)  (842)
Total 33,492 21,884
Note 10.a . Borrowings
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Name of the shareholder
Particulars
As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
 Non-current  Current  Non-current  Current 
Secured - at amortized cost
Term loan - LRD from Axis Bank (refer note 10.a.1)  3,922  150  4,072  121 
Term loan - LRD from Axis Bank (refer note 10.a.2)  2,075  66  -     -    
OD FD -ICICI Bank (refer note 10.a.3)  -     89  -     82 
OD FD - Axis Bank (refer note 10.a.3)  -     152  -     97 
Term loan - Axis Bank (refer note 10.a.4)  -     -     -     4,300 
Less: Unamortized portion of ancillary borrowing 
cost 
 (44)  -     (30)  -    
Total (A)  5,953  457  4,042  4,600 
Unsecured
Loan from related parties (refer note 10.a.5)  1,597  -     5,230  -    
Total (B)  1,597  -    5,230  -   
Total (A+B)  7 ,550  457  9,272  4,600 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
 Utilization of funds received under Rights Issue :
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars Year ended  
March 31, 2025
Year ended  
March 31, 2024
Year ended  
March 31, 2023
Source of funds
Opening unutilised fund  -     415  -    
Proceeds from issue  12,120  -     8,589 
Interest earned  8  -     59 
Utilization of funds
Payment towards :
Issue expenses  3  -     397 
Product development  89  40  287 
Product marketing  63  20  -    
Identified Investments  2,150  355  5,698 
Funding inorganic growth initiavites and general corporate 
purpose
 9,823  -     1,850 
Unutilised funds  -    -    416 
(d) Details of shares held by shareholders holding more than 5% of the aggregate shares in the Company: 
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
 Name of the shareholder As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
 Number of 
shares 
 % of holding in 
the class 
 Number of 
shares 
 % of holding in 
the class 
Aurum RealEstate Developers Limited
(formerly known as Aurum Platz IT Private 
Limited)
 3,60,32,859 49.90%  3,60,32,859 49.99%
Total  3,60,32,859 49.90%  3,60,32,859 49.99%
(e) Change in shareholding of promoters are disclosed below:
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Name of Promoters Number of 
shares
 % Total shares  % Changes 
during the year 
Year ended March 31, 2025
Aurum RealEstate Developers Limited 
(formerly known as Aurum Platz IT Private Limited)
 3,60,32,859 49.90% (0.09%)
Aurum RealEstate Developers Limited 
(formerly known as Aurum Platz IT Private Limited)
 3,60,32,859 49.99% (0.35%)
(f)   No class of shares have been issued as bonus shares or for consideration other than cash by the Company in last 5 
years.
(g)  Shares reserved for issue under options as at March 31, 2025 and March 31,2024, were 15,89,615 and 17 ,07 ,375 
respectively (Refer note 15.b)
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
===== PDF PAGE 108 =====
175174
 Security details:
 Secured by Fixed deposit ` 215 Lakhs.
10.a.4. Term loan- Axis Bank
During the year, the Company has repaid the Term loan of ` 4,400 Lakhs to Axis Bank Limited.
Interest rate: 
Repo rate + 2.50% p.a 
Security details: 
 Hypothecation of entire current assets, both present and future on exclusive basis and collateral of commercial property 
located at plot no P-136 and P-136 1 ,MIDC   TTC Industrial Area, Thane Belapur Road, Navi Mumbai, Thane, Maharshtra 
owned by the Company.
10.a.5. Unsecured loan :
Loan from related parties carries interest rate of 10.30% p.a (9.00-10.00% p.a. in FY 2023-24).
Note10.b . Other Financial liabilities 
Note 10.b.1 . Other non-current financial liabilities
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at 
March 31, 2024 
Security deposits  233  141 
Total  233  141 
10.b.2. Other financial liabilities - current 
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at 
March 31, 2024 
Capital creditors  5  5 
Employee related payables  56  62 
Interest accrued on borrowings  23  116 
Provision for expenses  47  315 
Unclaimed special dividend*  713  732 
Security deposits  -     18 
Other payables  3  20 
Total  847  1,267 
 *During the year, the Company has transferred ` 2 Lakhs to Investor’s Education and Protection Fund (IEPF) and there is 
no amount due and outstanding as at Balance Sheet date to be credited to the fund.
Note 10. c. Trade payables
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at 
March 31, 2024 
Total outstanding dues of micro and small enterprises (Refer note 21)  20  25 
Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro and small enterprises  33  140 
Total  53  165 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Note 10.a.1 Secured Term Loan under Lease Rental Discounting (LRD) from Axis Bank
The Company has taken loan from Axis Bank amounting  ` 4,263 Lakhs in FY 2023-24
Interest rate: 
Repo rate + 2.50% p.a
Security details:
Hypothecation of entire current assets and lease rentals, both present and future on exclusive basis and collateral of 
commercial property located at plot no P-136 and P-136 1 ,MIDC TTC Industrial Area, Thane Belapur Road, Navi Mumbai, 
Thane, Maharshtra owned by the Company.
Repayment schedule:
Within one year (` Lakhs)  150 
After one year but not more than 5 years (` Lakhs)  1,127 
More than 5 years (` Lakhs)  2,795 
Note 10.a.2 Secured Term Loan under Lease Rental Discounting (LRD) from Axis Bank
The Company has taken loan from Axis Bank amounting ` 2,168 Lakhs, net of processing fees and other charges in FY 
2024 - 25
Interest rate:
Repo rate + 2.50% p.a
Security details:
Hypothecation of entire current assets and lease rentals, both present and future on exclusive basis and collateral of 
commercial property located at plot no P-136 and P-136 1 ,MIDC TTC Industrial Area, Thane Belapur Road, Navi Mumbai, 
Thane, Maharshtra owned by the Company.
Repayment schedule
Within one year (` Lakhs)  66 
After one year but not more than 5 years (` Lakhs)  567 
More than 5 years (` Lakhs)  1,508 
10.a.3 Overdraft against fixed deposit (OD FD)
(i) ICICI Bank
 The Company has taken OD facility from ICICI Bank amounting ` 90 Lakhs.
 Interest rate: 
 7 .45% p.a
 Security details:
 Secured by Fixed deposit ` 105 Lakhs.
(ii) Axis Bank
 The Company has taken OD facility from ICICI Bank amounting ` 180 Lakhs.
 Interest rate: 
 7 .70% p.a
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
===== PDF PAGE 109 =====
177176
Note 11. Provisions
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  As at  
March 31, 2025 
 As at  
March 31, 2024 
Provision for employee benefits (Refer note15.a) 
Provision for gratuity (funded)  14  19 
Total  14  19 
Note 12.a. Other non-current liabilities
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  As at  
March 31, 2025 
 As at  
March 31, 2024 
Deferred income on discounting of financial instruments  63  43 
Total  63  43 
Note 12.b. Other current liabilities
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  As at  
March 31, 2025 
 As at  
March 31, 2024 
Statutory dues payable  40  58 
Total  40  58 
Note 13. Revenue from operations
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  Year ended   
March 31, 2025 
Year ended   
March 31, 2024
Information technology services (Refer note 21)  20  20 
Rent income (Refer note 21)  1,046  888 
Expenses recovered from customers  155  171 
Total  1,221  1,079 
Note 13.a. Disaggregate revenue information
 The table below presents disaggregated revenues from contracts with customers for the year ended March 31, 2025 
and March 31, 2024 by offerings and contract-type. The Company believes that this disaggregation best depicts how 
the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of our revenues and cash flows are affected by industry, market and other 
economic factors.
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  Year ended   
March 31, 2025 
Year ended   
March 31, 2024
Revenue by offerings :
Information technology services  20  20 
Rent and related income  1,201  1,059 
Services transferred over time  1,221  1,079 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
 Disclosure relating to suppliers registered under MSMED Act based on the information available with the Company:
 Based on the information available with the Company, the Company has following balances due to suppliers registered 
under the “The Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006”(‘MSMED Act’). The disclosures pursuant 
to the said MSMED Act are as follows:
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  As at  
March 31, 2025 
 As at  
March 31, 2024 
(a) Amount remaining unpaid to supplier at the end of each accounting year: 
Principal  20  25 
Interest  -     -    
Total  20  25 
(b) Principal amount paid to suppliers registered under the MSMED Act, 
beyond the appointed day during the year 
 -     -    
(c) Interest paid, other than under Section 16 of MSMED Act to suppliers 
registered under the MSMED Act, beyond the appointed day during the 
day 
 -     -    
(d) Interest paid, under Section 16 of MSMED Act to suppliers registered 
under the MSMED Act, beyond the appointed day during the day  
 -     -    
(e) Interest due and payable towards suppliers registered under MSMED 
Act, for payments already made 
 -     -    
(f) Further interest remaining due and payable for earlier years  -     -   
Trade payable ageing schedule for other than MSME 
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  As at  
March 31, 2025 
 As at  
March 31, 2024 
Not due  6  26 
Less than 1 year  22  114 
1-2 Years  3  1 
2-3 Years  1  -    
More than 3 Years  -     -    
Total   32  141 
Trade payable ageing schedule for MSME 
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  As at  
March 31, 2025 
 As at  
March 31, 2024 
Unbilled  -     -    
Not due  3  7 
Less than 1 year  17  17 
1-2 years  -     2 
2-3 years  -     -    
More than 3 years  -     -    
Total  20  25 
Note:- There are no disputed trade payables. 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
===== PDF PAGE 110 =====
179178
(B) Defined benefit plan - Gratuity
  The Company sponsors funded defined benefit plans for qualifying employees. The defined benefit plans are 
administered by Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) and every year the required contribution amount is paid 
to LIC. Under the Gratuity plan, the eligible employees are entitled to post-retirement benefit at the rate of 15 days 
salary for each year of service until the retirement age of 58 . The vesting period for Gratuity as payable under The 
Payment of Gratuity Act is 5 years. The employee defined plan assets/ (liability) has been determined by actuary as 
per the provisions of IND AS 19 “Employee benefits”.
 i) Actuarial assumptions
  The principal assumptions used for the purposes of actuarial valuation were as follows:
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  Year ended   
March 31, 2025 
Year ended   
March 31, 2024
Discount rate (per annum) 6.56% 7 .24%
Rate of increase in salary Next year 13%,  
thereafter 7%
7 .00%
Expected average remaining working lives of employees (years) 4.51 9.02
Attrition rate (across various age groups) 0 - 50% 0 - 22%
Expected rate of return on plan assets 6.56% 7 .24%
 ii) Changes in the present value of defined benefit obligation
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  Year ended   
March 31, 2025 
Year ended   
March 31, 2024
Present value of obligation at the beginning of the year  44  23 
Current service cost  13  12 
Interest on defined benefit obligation  3  2 
Actuarial (gain) / loss on obligations  (9)  7 
Benefits paid  -     -    
Present value of obligation at the end of the year  51  44 
 iii) Change in fair value of assets
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  Year ended   
March 31, 2025 
Year ended   
March 31, 2024
Fair value of plan assets at the beginning of the year  25  18 
Expected return on plan assets  2  1 
Employer's contribution  10  6 
Benefits paid  -     -   
Actuarial (loss) / gain on plan assets  0  (0)
Fair value of plan assets at the end of the year  37  25 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Note 14. Other income
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  Year ended   
March 31, 2025 
Year ended   
March 31, 2024
Interest income from financial assets at amortized cost :
deposits (Refer note 21)  75  68 
loans (Refer note 21)  804  424 
debentures (Refer note 21)  193  144 
security deposits  32  22 
Interest on income tax refund*  61  156 
Income on investments measured at fair value  541  319 
Profit on sale of current investments (mutual funds)  24  2 
Support services income (Refer note 21)  176  279 
Reversal of provisions  259  -    
Gain on foreign currency transactions and translations  2  9 
Miscellaneous income  9  10 
Total  2,176  1,433 
 *Interest on income tax refund pertains to A.Y. 2016-17 and  2024-25, received during the financial year. The same has 
been recognized as income on receipt basis.
Note 15. Employee benefit expense
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  Year ended   
March 31, 2025 
Year ended   
March 31, 2024
Salaries, wages, bonus and other allowances  528  715 
Contribution to provident fund, ESI and other funds (Refer note 15.a)  45  56 
Gratuity expenses (Refer note 15.a)  15  12 
Share based payments (Refer note 15.b)  276  483 
Staff welfare expenses  48  31 
Total  912  1,297 
Note 15.a. Employee benefits
(A) Defined contribution plans
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  Year ended   
March 31, 2025 
Year ended 
March 31, 2024
During the year, the Company has recognized the following amounts in the 
Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss
Contribution to provident fund  29  34 
Contribution to superannuation fund  2  2 
Contribution to national pension scheme  14  20 
Total  45  56 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
===== PDF PAGE 111 =====
181180
 ix) Maturity profile of defined benefit obligations
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at  
March 31, 2024
Expected future cashflows
Year 1  4  0 
Year 2  5  0 
Year 3  8  1 
Year 4  33  2 
Year 5  2  35 
Years 6 to 10  8  6 
Years 10 and above  7  50 
 x) The major categories of plan assets are as follows:
   The plan asset for the funded gratuity plan is administered by Life Insurance Corporation of India (‘LIC’) as 
per the investment pattern stipulated for Pension and Group Schemes fund by Insurance Regulatory and 
Development Authority regulations i.e. 100% of plan assets are invested in insurer managed fund. Quoted price 
of the same is not available in active market.
 xi) Risk exposure
   Through its defined benefit plans, the Company is exposed to a number of risks, the most significant of which 
are detailed below:
  Investment risk
   The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated using a discount rate determined by 
reference to market yields at the end of the reporting period on government bond; if the return on plan asset 
is below this rate, it will create a plan deficit. Currently the plan has a relatively balanced investment in equity 
securities and debt instruments.
  Interest risk
   A decrease in the bond interest rate will increase the plan liability; however, this will be partially offset by an 
increase in the return on the plan’s debt investments.
  Longevity risk
   The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated by reference to the best estimate of the 
mortality of plan participants both during and after their employment. An increase in the life expectancy of the 
plan participants will increase the plan’s liability.
  Salary risk
   The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated by reference to the future salaries of plan 
participants. As such, an increase in the salary of the plan participants will increase the plan’s liability.
Note 15.b. Share based payments
(a) Scheme details
  The Company has Employee Stock Option scheme i.e. ESOP 2021, under which options have been granted on the 
basis of performance and other eligibility criterias at the exercise price of ` 5/- to ` 80/- per share to be vested from 
time to time.
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
 iv) Expense recognized as employee benefits expense in the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  Year ended   
March 31, 2025 
Year ended   
March 31, 2024
Current service cost  13  12 
Interest on net defined benefit liability / (asset)  2  (0)
Total  15  12 
 v) Expense recognized as employee benefits expense in the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  Year ended   
March 31, 2025 
Year ended   
March 31, 2024
Remeasurements during the year due to:  4  1 
Changes in financial assumptions  (9)  6 
Experience adjustments  (4)  - 
Demographic assumption changes  (0)  - 
Actual return on plan assets less expected interest on plan assets  (9)  7 
Total  15  12 
 vi) Expense recognized as employee benefits expense in the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  Year ended   
March 31, 2025 
Year ended   
March 31, 2024
Present value of funded defined benefit obligation  51  44 
Fair value of plan assets  (37)  (25)
Net liability  14  19 
 vii) Expected contribution to the fund in the next year     10         15
 viii) Sensitivity analysis
   Gratuity is a lump sum plan and the cost of providing these benefits is typically less sensitive to small changes 
in demographic assumptions. The key actuarial assumptions to which the benefit obligation results are 
particularly sensitive to are discount rate and expected salary increase. A quantitative sensitivity analysis for 
significant assumptions is furnished below:
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Impact on defined benefit obligation As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
Discount rate in (%) in ` in (%) in `
0.5% increase (3.58)%  50 (3.85)%  42 
0.5% decrease 3.82%  53 4.13%  46 
Rate of increase in salary
0.5% increase 4.20%  54 4.13%  46 
0.5% decrease (3.58)%  49 (3.88)%  42 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
===== PDF PAGE 112 =====
183182
(d) Information on stock options granted during the year ended:
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at  
March 31, 2024
Number of options granted during the year  38,840  1,26,250 
Option pricing model used Black Scholes Black Scholes
Weighted average share price (`) 209.33 85.56
Exercise price (`) 77 .00 - 80.00 77 .00 - 80.00
Expected volatility (%) 45.00% 45.15%
Option life (vesting period and exercise period)  2.5 - 5 Years  5 Years 
Dividend yield (%) Nil Nil
Risk free interest rate (%) 6.84 - 7 .00% 7 .16%
(e) Information on stock options granted during the year ended:
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at  
March 31, 2024
Stock option outstanding account (Refer note 9D)  1,022  786 
Share based payments (Refer note 15)  276  483 
Note 16. Finance costs
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars Year ended  
March 31, 2025 
Year ended  
March 31, 2024
Interest on :
lease liabilities (Refer note 3.b)  26  60 
borrowings (Refer note 21)  680  838 
security deposits  18  12 
Total  724  910 
Note 17 . Depreciation and amortization expenses
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars Year ended  
March 31, 2025 
Year ended  
March 31, 2024
Depreciation on property, plant and equipment ( Refer note 3.a )  379  441 
Depreciation on right of use assets ( Refer note 3.b )  174  237 
Amortization of intangible assets ( Refer note 3.c )  107  117 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
  The following table illustrates the number and weighted average exercise prices (WAEP) of, and movements in, 
share options during the year:
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
Number WAEP (`) Number WAEP (`)
Options outstanding at beginning of the year  17 ,07 ,375  77 .76  22,04,292  68.90 
Options granted during the year  38,840  80.00  1,26,250  77 .00 
Options exercised during the year  (1,43,100)  78.99  (5,00,667)  38.73 
Options cancelled during the year  (13,500)  77 .00  (1,22,500)  77 .00 
Options outstanding at the end of the year  15,89,615  7 7.7 1   17 ,07 ,375  77 .76 
Options exercisable at the end of the year  8,57 ,000 78.17  4,41,200  78.91 
 The fair value of each option is estimated on the date of grant using the Black Scholes model. The following tables 
list the inputs used on the date of grant for the years ended:
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at  
March 31, 2024
Weighted average fair value of the options at the grant dates (`)  151.76  86.00 
Dividend yield (%) Nil  Nil 
Risk free interest rate (%) 6.84 - 7 .00% 7 .16%
Expected life of share options (years) 2.5 - 5 Years  5 Years 
Expected volatility (%) 37 .77 - 44.29% 45.15%
(b) Stock options exercised during the year :
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at  
March 31, 2024
Number of options exercised during the year  1,43,100  5,00,667 
Weighted average share price at the date of exercise (`)  160.27  128.45 
(c)  For stock options outstanding at the end of the year, the range of exercise prices and weighted average remaining 
contractual life (vesting period and exercise period)
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at  
March 31, 2024
Options outstanding  15,89,615  17 ,07 ,375 
Range of exercise price (`) 77 .00 - 80.00 77 .00 - 80.00
Weighted average exercise price (`)  7 7.7 1   77 .76 
Weighted average remaining contractual life (years) 3.00  3.50 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
===== PDF PAGE 113 =====
185184
*Note : (a) The following is the break-up of auditors remuneration (exclusive of GST)
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars Year ended  
March 31, 2025 
Year ended  
March 31, 2024
i. Statutory audit fees  23  29 
ii. Other matters- other professional and certification fees  6  2 
Total  29  31 
Note 19. Exceptional items
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars Year ended  
March 31, 2025 
Year ended  
March 31, 2024
Professional fees  -     79 
Total  -    79 
 Note: During the previous year ended March 31, 2024 the Company has incurred certain professional expenses as acquisition of 
subsidiaries / businesses which has been shown as exceptional items.
Note 20. Earnings per share
Basic earnings per share amounts are calculated by dividing the (loss)/profit for the year attributable to equity holders 
by the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the year.
Diluted earnings per share amounts are calculated by dividing the (loss)/profit attributable to equity holders after 
adjusting  by the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the year plus the weighted average 
number of equity shares that would be issued on outstanding stock options.
The components of basic and diluted earnings per share for total operations are as follows:
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars Year ended  
March 31, 2025 
Year ended  
March 31, 2024
(a) Loss for the year attributable to equity shareholders  (275)  (1,339)
(b)  Weighted average number of outstanding equity shares considered for 
basic EPS
 5,41,90,584  3,94,48,476 
  Effect of dilutive potential equity shares arising from outstanding employee 
stock options
 7 ,56,686  10,29,620 
 Number of shares considered for diluted EPS  5,49,47 ,270  4,04,78,096 
(c)  Earnings per share (Face value per share ` 5/- each (Previous year  
` 5/- each))
 Basic (`)  (0.51)  (3.39)
 Diluted (`)**  (0.51)  (1.87)
 *The weighted average number of shares takes into account the weighted average effect of changes arising from issue 
of new shares and ESOP transactions during the year.
** Since the effect is anti dilutive, Diluted earnings per share will be same as basic earning per share.
 There have been no transactions involving equity shares or potential equity shares between the reporting date and the 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars Year ended  
March 31, 2025 
Year ended  
March 31, 2024
Total  660  795 
Note 18. Other expenses
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars Year ended  
March 31, 2025 
Year ended  
March 31, 2024
a. Operating expenses
Professional fees  43  26 
Repairs and maintenance - buildings (Refer note 21)  147  118 
Rates and taxes  54  47 
Electricity  172  208 
Utilities  12  33 
Rent  4  -    
Loss on sale of property, plant and equipment  35  -    
Loss on termination of lease  5  -    
 472  432 
b. Selling and distribution expenses
Brokerage and commission  29  24 
 29  24 
c. Establishment expenses
Advertisement and publicity  111  133 
Travelling and conveyance  24  28 
Professional fees (Refer note (a) below)  178  138 
Hardware and software expenses  19  87 
Repairs and maintenance - buildings  50  51 
Rent  7  9 
Electricity  13  56 
Rates and taxes  28  18 
Insurance  2  2 
Communication charges  3  12 
Printing and stationery  4  3 
Membership and subscription  29  21 
Seminar and conference  88  21 
Stock exchange listing fees  39  30 
CSR expenditure  -     6 
Provision for bad debts  -     21 
Advances written off  248  -    
Miscellaneous expenses  12  29 
 855  665 
Total  1,356  1,121 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
===== PDF PAGE 114 =====
187186
(C) Details of transactions with related party in the ordinary course of business: 
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars Year ended  
March 31, 2025
Year ended  
March 31, 2024
I. Revenue from operations
i. Information technology services
Liv Real Solutions Private Limited (formerly known as Aurum 
RealTech Services Private Limited)  20  20 
Total  20  20
ii. Rent income  
 K2V2 Technologies Private Limited  60  216 
Liv Real Solutions Private Limited (formerly known as Aurum 
RealTech Services Private Limited)
 33  133 
  Total 93 349
Total 113 369
II. Other income
i. Interest income on deposits
Aurum Platz (Goregaon) Private Limited 23 -
During the year the Company has invested in inter-company deposit 
of Aurum Platz (Goregaon) Private Limited amounting to ` 1,500 
Lakhs which were encashed during the year and there was no 
deposit as on March 31, 2025
 Total 23 -
ii. Interest income on loans
K2V2 Technologies Private Limited  79  75 
Liv Real Solutions Private Limited (formerly known as Aurum 
RealTech Services Private Limited)
 2  21 
Integrow Asset Management Private Limited  126  42 
Helloworld Technologies India Private Limited  153  147 
Aurum Analytica Private Limited(formerly known as Blink Advisory 
Services Private Limited)
 43  32 
Monk Tech Venture Private Limited  24  7 
YieldWiseX Technologies Private Limited(formerly known as 
Vartaman Consultants  Private Limited)
 188  53 
Nestaway Technologies Private Limited  154  28 
Imogentechno Delta Park Private Limited  11  13 
Wisetechno Private Limited  25  7 
Bonds Brain Technologies Private Limited  0  -    
Total  805  424 
iii. Interest income on debentures
Monk Tech Labs Pte. Limited  75  60 
Integrow Asset Management Private Limited  48  84 
Total  123  144 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
date of authorization of these financial statements
Note 21. Related party disclosures
(A)  Names of related parties and description of relationship with whom the Company had transactions during the 
year
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Name of the Related Party Country Relationship
1.  Aurum RealEstate Developers Limited (formerly 
known as Aurum Platz IT Private Limited)
India Promoter
2.  Aurum Facility Management Private Limited 
(formerly known as Orize Property Management 
Private Limited)
India Enitity in which Director is 
Director
3. Aurum Platz (Goregaon) Private Limited India Enitity in which Director is 
Director
4. K2V2 Technologies Private Limited India Subsidiary
5. Aurum Softwares and Solutions Private Limited India Wholly Owned Subsidiary
6.  Liv Real Solutions Private Limited (formerly known 
as Aurum RealTech Services Private Limited)
India Wholly Owned Subsidiary
7. Monk Tech Labs Pte. Limited Singapore Subsidiary
8. Integrow Asset Management Private Limited India Subsidiary
9. Helloworld Technologies India Private Limited India Wholly Owned Subsidiary
10.  Aurum Analytica Private Limited (formerly known as 
Blink Advisory Services Private Limited)
India Wholly Owned Subsidiary
11. Monktech Venture Private Limited India Subsidiary
12. Cuneate Services Private Limited India Wholly Owned Subsidiary
13.  YieldWiseX Technologies Private Limited (formerly 
known as Vartaman Consultants Private Limited)
India Wholly Owned Subsidiary
14. NestAway Technologies Private Limited India Subsidiary
15. Imogentechno Delta Park Private Limited India Wholly Owned Subsidiary up to 
June 26, 2024
16. Wisetechno Private Limited India Wholly Owned Subsidiary up to 
September 28, 2024
1 7. Bonds Brain Technologies Private Limited India Wholly Owned Subsidiary
(B) Other related parties with whom the Company had transactions during the year
 List of Key management personnel:
Vasant Gujarathi Non-Executive Independent Director
Ajit Joshi Non-Executive Independent Director
Padma Deosthali Non-Executive Independent Director
Ramashrya Yadav Non-executive Director
Srirang Athalye Non-executive Director
Onkar Shetye Executive Director
Kunal Karan Chief Financial Officer
Sonia Jain Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
===== PDF PAGE 115 =====
189188
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars Year ended  
March 31, 2025
Year ended  
March 31, 2024
V.  Other expenses
a.  Operating expenses
i.  Repairs and maintenance
Aurum Facility Management Private Limited (formerly known as 
Orize Property Management Private Limited)
- 1
Total - 1
b. Establishment expenses
i. Rent
Helloworld Technologies India Private Limited  -     2 
Total  -    2 
ii. Professional fees
Directors sitting fees :
Vasant Gujarathi  9  6 
Ajit Joshi  7  7 
Ramshrya Yadav  4  4 
Padma Deosthali  5  3 
Srirang Athalye  9  6 
Total  34  26 
Total  34  28 
VI. Other transactions during the financial year
A.  Investments
i. Investments - in Equity shares 
a. For new equity shares
K2V2 Technologies Private Limited  112  -    
Liv Real Solutions Private Limited (formerly known as Aurum 
RealTech Services Private Limited)
 -     200 
Monktech Venture Private Limited  -     5 
Aurum Analytica Private Limited (formerly known as Blink 
Advisory Services Private Limited)
 17  -    
YieldWiseX Technologies Private Limited (formerly known as 
Vartaman Consultants  Private Limited)
- 963
Nestaway Technologies Private Limited  892  7 ,791 
Imogentechno Delta Park Private Limited  -     1 
Wisetechno Private Limited  -     1 
Bonds Brain Technologies Private Limited  1  -    
Total  1,022  8,961 
b.  Fair value of Share based payment to employees of subsidiary 
companies
Liv Real Solutions Private Limited (formerly known as Aurum 
RealTech Services Private Limited)
9 17
Monk Tech Labs Pte. Limited  3  -    
Helloworld Technologies India Private Limited  4  228 
Aurum Analytica Private Limited (formerly known as Blink 
Advisory Services Private Limited)
 38  191 
Nestaway Technologies Private Limited  2  -    
Total  56  437 
Total  1,078  9,398 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars Year ended  
March 31, 2025
Year ended  
March 31, 2024
iv. Support services income
Aurum Softwares and Solutions Private Limited  18  43 
Helloworld Technologies India Private Limited  12  21 
Aurum Analytica Private Limited  18  - 
YieldWiseX Technologies Private Limited (formerly known as 
Vartaman Consultants  Private Limited)
 127  215 
Total  176  279 
Total  1,127  848 
III. Employee benefit expense
i. Salaries, wages, bonus and other allowances
Remuneration to key management personnel :
Onkar Sunil Shetye  50  45 
Kunal Karan  71  67 
Sonia Jain  12  11 
Total  133  124 
ii. Contribution to provident fund, ESI and other funds
Onkar Sunil Shetye
Provident Fund  3  3 
Total  3  3 
Kunal Karan 
Provident Fund  5  5 
National Pension Scheme  4  1 
Superannuation  2  2 
Total  11  8 
Sonia Jain
Provident Fund  1  1 
National Pension Scheme  1  1 
Total  2  1 
Total  16  12 
iii. Share based payments
Onkar Sunil Shetye  52  103 
Kunal Karan  21  41 
Sonia Jain  14  18 
Total  87  162 
Total  236  298 
IV. Finance costs
i. Interest on borrowings
Aurum RealEstate Developers Limited (formerly known as Aurum 
Platz IT Private Limited)
62 129
Aurum Softwares and Solutions Private Limited 5 35
Total 67 164
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
===== PDF PAGE 116 =====
191190
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars Year ended  
March 31, 2025
Year ended  
March 31, 2024
C.  Borrowings
i.  Borrowings - during the year 
Aurum RealEstate Developers Limited (formerly known as Aurum 
Platz IT Private Limited)
 1,597  4,660 
Aurum Softwares and Solutions Private Limited  -     607 
Total  1,597  5,267 
ii.  Borrowings - repaid during the year 
Aurum RealEstate Developers Limited (formerly known as Aurum 
Platz IT Private Limited )
 4,660 
Aurum Softwares and Solutions Private Limited  570  37 
Total  5,230  37 
Total (3,633)  5,230 
(D) Amount due to / from related party
i.  Investments
K2V2 Technologies Private Limited  1,912  1,800 
Aurum Softwares and Solutions Private Limited  600  600 
Liv Real Solutions Private Limited (formerly known as Aurum 
RealTech Services Private Limited)
 1,126  1,117 
Monk Tech Labs Pte. Limited  1,609  1,393 
Integrow Asset Management Private Limited  2,473  1,649 
Helloworld Technologies India Private Limited  5,872  5,868 
Aurum Analytica Private Limited (formerly known as Blink Advisory 
Services Private Limited)
 2,171  2,115 
Monk Tech Venture Private Limited  5  5 
Cuneate Services Private Limited  1  1 
YieldWiseX Technologies Private Limited (formerly known as 
Vartaman Consultants  Private Limited)
 963  963 
NestAway Technologies Private Limited  8,685  7 ,791 
Imogentechno Delta Park Private Limited  1  1 
Wisetechno Private Limited  1  1 
Bonds Brain Technologies Private Limited  1  - 
Total  25,420  23,304 
ii. Loans 
K2V2 Technologies Private Limited  614  670 
Liv Real Solutions Private Limited (formerly known as Aurum 
RealTech Services Private Limited)
 308  61 
Integrow Asset Management Private Limited  717  1,050 
Helloworld Technologies India Private Limited  2,100  355 
Aurum Analytica Private Limited (formerly known as Blink Advisory 
Services Private Limited)
 85  335 
Monk Tech Venture Private Limited  295  205 
YieldWiseX Technologies Private Limited (formerly known as 
Vartaman Consultants  Private Limited)
 1,998  1,231 
NestAway Technologies Private Limited  1,865  360 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars Year ended  
March 31, 2025
Year ended  
March 31, 2024
ii. Investments - in Debentures 
Monk Tech Labs Pte. Limited  212  217 
Integrow Asset Management Private Limited  824  400 
Total  1,036  617 
iii  Debenture of Subsidiaries converted in Equity 
Integrow Asset Management Private Limited  1,474  -    
Total  1,474  -   
B.  Loans
i.  Loans - given to related parties during the year 
Liv Real Solutions Private Limited (formerly known as Aurum 
RealTech Services Private Limited)
338 561
K2V2 Technologies Private Limited  65  220 
Integrow Asset Management Private Limited  345  1,050 
Helloworld Technologies India Private Limited  1,745  1,112 
Aurum Analytica Private Limited (formerly known as Blink Advisory 
Services Private Limited)
 60  250 
Monktech Venture Private Limited  90  205 
YieldWiseX Technologies Private Limited (formerly known as 
Vartaman Consultants  Private Limited)
 767  1,231 
Nestaway Technologies Private Limited  1,505  360 
Imogentechno Delta Park Private Limited  21  801 
Wisetechno Private Limited  44  484 
Bonds Brain Technologies Private Limited  6  -    
Total  4,986  6,274 
ii. Loans - repaid by related parties during the year 
Liv Real Solutions Private Limited ( formerly known as Aurum 
RealTech Services Private Limited )
91 -
K2V2 Technologies Private Limited  121  -    
Integrow Asset Management Private Limited  678  -    
Aurum Analytica Private Limited ( formerly known as Blink Advisory 
Services Private Limited )
 310  65 
Nestaway Technologies Private Limited  0  -    
Imogentechno Delta Park Private Limited  823  -    
Wisetechno Private Limited  293  -    
Total  2,316  65 
iii.  Loans - converted to equity during the year 
Liv Real Solutions Private Limited (formerly known as Aurum 
RealTech Services Private Limited)
- 500
Helloworld Technologies India Private Limited  -     1,733 
Total  -     2,233 
Total  2,670  3,976 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
===== PDF PAGE 117 =====
193192
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars Year ended  
March 31, 2025
Year ended  
March 31, 2024
viii.  Other current liabilities - Interest accrued but not due on 
borrowings
Aurum RealEstate Developers Limited (formerly known as Aurum 
Platz IT Private Limited)
22 116
Total 22 116
ix.  Other current liabilities - Employee related payables
Payables to KMP
Onkar Sunil Shetye  16  14 
Kunal Karan  25  24 
Sonia Jain  0  - 
Total  41  38 
(E) Terms and conditions of transactions with related parties
  Outstanding balances at the year-end are unsecured and interest free except loans. There have been no guarantees 
provided or received for any related party receivables or payables. For the year ended March 31, 2025 and March 
31, 2024, the Company has not recorded any impairment of receivables relating to amounts owed by related parties. 
This assessment is undertaken each financial year through examining the financial position of the related party and 
the market in which the related party operates.
Note 22. Commitments and contingencies
The Company does not have any commitments and contingencies
Note 23. Segment reporting
 As per Ind AS 108- “Operating Segment”, segment information has been provided under the Notes to Consolidated 
Financial Statements
Note 24.a. Financial instruments
Fair value measurements
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Fair value and carrying amount As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
Fair value 
through Profit 
and loss
Fair value 
through Other 
comprehensive 
income
Amortised 
Cost
Fair value 
through Profit 
and loss
Fair value 
through Other 
comprehensive 
income
Amortised 
Cost
Financial assets- non current
Investments  -  2  700  -  0  650 
Loans  -  -  581  -  -  1,231 
Security deposits  -  -  139  -  -  171 
Financial assets- current
Investments  3,217  -     -  1,500  -  - 
Cash and cash equivalents  -  -  102  -  -  47 
Trade receivables  -  -  359  -  -  309 
Bank balances other than cash 
and cash equivalents
 -  -  1,425  -  -  1,550 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars Year ended  
March 31, 2025
Year ended  
March 31, 2024
Imogentechno Delta Park Private Limited  -  801 
Wisetechno Private Limited  235  484 
Bonds Brain Technologies Private Limited  6  - 
Total  8,223  5,552 
iii.  Trade receivables 
K2V2 Technologies Private Limited  298  304 
Total  298  304 
iv.  Financial assets - others 
Interest accrued on loans and investments
K2V2 Technologies Private Limited  6  - 
Liv Real Solutions Private Limited (formerly known as Aurum 
RealTech Services Private Limited)
 0  - 
Monk Tech Labs Pte. Limited  137  60 
Integrow Asset Management Private Limited  8  102 
Helloworld Technologies India Private Limited  20  - 
Aurum Analytica Private Limited (formerly known as Blink Advisory 
Services Private Limited)
 1  - 
Monk Tech Venture Private Limited  2  6 
YieldWiseX Technologies Private Limited (formerly known as 
Vartaman Consultants  Private Limited)
 18  - 
NestAway Technologies Private Limited  18  25 
Imogentechno Delta Park Private Limited  -  11 
Wisetechno Private Limited  23  6 
Bonds Brain Technologies Private Limited  0  - 
Total  233  210 
v. Other current assets 
Unbilled revenue
Liv Real Solutions Private Limited (formerly known as Aurum 
RealTech Services Private Limited)
- 20
YieldWiseX Technologies Private Limited (formerly known as 
Vartaman Consultants  Private Limited)
26 -
Total 26 20
Other receivables
Aurum Analytica Private Limited (formerly known as Blink Advisory 
Services Private Limited)
20 -
Total 20 -
Total 46 20
vi.  Borrowings 
Aurum RealEstate Developers Limited (formerly known as Aurum 
Platz IT Private Limited)
 1,597  4,660 
Aurum Softwares and Solutions Private Limited  -  570 
Total  1,597  5,230 
vii.  Trade payables 
K2V2 Technologies Private Limited  -  8 
Total  -    8 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
===== PDF PAGE 118 =====
195194
Note 24.c. Financial risk management objectives and policies
The Company is exposed to various financial risks. These risks are categorized into market risk, credit risk and liquidity 
risk. The Company’s risk management is coordinated by the Board of Directors and focuses on securing long term and 
short term cash flows. The Company does not engage in trading of financial assets for speculative purposes.
(A) Market risk
  Market risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of 
changes in market prices. Such changes in the values of financial instruments may result from changes in the 
foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and other market changes.
 Foreign currency risk
  Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate 
because of changes in foreign exchange rates. The Company’s exposure to the risk of changes in foreign exchange 
rates relates primarily to the Company’s operating activities (when revenue or expense is denominated in a different 
currency from the Company’s functional currency).
 Foreign currency sensitivity
 The Company is not exposed to Foreign currency sensitivity
 Interest rate sensitivity
  The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to a reasonably possible change in interest rates on that portion 
of loans and borrowings. With all other variables held constant, the Company’s profit before tax is affected through 
the impact on floating rate borrowings, as follows:
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Currency As at Closing 
balance 
Effect on profit before tax
1% Increase 1% Decrease
Borrowings (Impact on Profit and Loss) March 31, 2025  6,213  (62)  62 
Borrowings (Impact on Profit and Loss) March 31, 2024  8,493  (85)  85 
(B) Credit risk
  Credit risk is the risk of financial loss arising from counterparty failure to repay or service debt according to 
the contractual terms or obligations. Credit risk encompasses of both, the direct risk of default and the risk of 
deterioration of creditworthiness as well as concentration of risks. Credit risk is controlled by analysing credit limits 
and credit worthiness of customers on a continuous basis to whom the credit has been granted after obtaining 
necessary approvals for credit.
  Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash and cash 
equivalents, time deposits and investment in mutual fund. The Company maintains its cash and cash equivalents, 
time deposits and investment in mutual fund, with banks and mutual fund houses having good reputation, good 
past track record, and who meet the minimum threshold requirements under the counterparty risk assessment 
process, and reviews their credit-worthiness on a periodic basis.
(C) Liquidity risk
  Liquidity risk refers to the risk that the Company cannot meet its financial obligations. The objective of liquidity 
risk management is to maintain sufficient liquidity and ensure that funds are available for use as per requirements. 
The Company consistently generated sufficient cash flows from operations to meet its financial obligations as and 
when they fall due.
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Fair value and carrying amount As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
Fair value 
through Profit 
and loss
Fair value 
through Other 
comprehensive 
income
Amortised 
Cost
Fair value 
through Profit 
and loss
Fair value 
through Other 
comprehensive 
income
Amortised 
Cost
Loans  -  -  7 ,642  -  -  4,321 
Other financial assets  -  -  263  -  -  254 
Financial liabilities- non current
Borrowings  -  -  7 ,550  -  -  9,272 
Lease liabilities  -  -  -  -  -  342 
Other financial liabilities  -  -  233  -  -  141 
Financial liabilities- current
Borrowings  -  -  457  -  -  4,600 
Lease liabilities  -  -  131  -  -  247 
Trade payables  -  -  53  -  -  165 
Other financial liabilities  -  -  847  -  -  1,267 
Note 24.b. Fair value hierarchy
This section explains the judgments and estimates made in determining the fair values of the financial instruments that 
are measured at amortized cost and for which fair values are disclosed in the financial statement
Level 1 - Inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities 
Level 2 - Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either 
directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices).
Level 3 - Inputs for the assets or liabilities that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).
The following table presents fair value hierarchy of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis:
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at  
March 31, 2024
Level 3 (Unobservable inputs)
Investment in Integrow Real Estate Special Situation Fund carried at fair value 
through profit and loss
 3,217  1,500 
Investments in equity shares measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income
 2  0 
The fair value of current investments, cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, bank balances other than cash and 
cash equivalents, current loans, other financial assets, current borrowings, lease liabilities, trade payables and other 
financial liabilities approximates their fair market value due to the relatively short period of time of original maturity 
tenure of these instruments.
The fair values for security deposits, investment in debentures, lease liabilities and borrowings are calculated based on 
cash flows discounted using a current lending rate, however the change in current rate does not have any significant 
impact on fair values as at the current period end.
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
===== PDF PAGE 119 =====
197196
Note 26. Ratios analysis and its elements
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  As at  
March 31, 2025 
 As at  
March 31, 2024 
% change from 
March 31, 2024 to 
March 31, 2025
Current ratio  8.70  1.52  472.50 
Debt-equity ratio  0.22  0.58  (61.98)
Debt service coverage ratio  0.11  0.39  (72.34)
Return on equity ratio  (0.01)  (0.06)  (83.63)
Trade receivables turnover ratio  3.65  3.62  1.03 
Net capital turnover ratio  0.10  0.33  (68.33)
Net profit ratio  (0.22)  (1.24)  (81.87)
Return on capital employed  0.01  (0.02)  (148.66)
Return on investment  0.83  -     -    
Reasons for significant variance in above ratio
Particulars % change from March 31, 2024 to March 31, 2025
Current ratio The % increase in current ratio is attributable to increase in current assets on 
account of grant of loans to subsidiaries and reduction of current liabilities on 
account of reduction of borrowings.
Debt-equity ratio A reduction in total debt due to repayment of borrowings during the year, and 
a corresponding increase in total equity driven by internal accruals and capital 
infusion.
Debt service coverage ratio Debt Service Coverage Ratio (DSCR) for the year ended March 31, 2025, is 0.11 
(previous year: 0.39). The decline is due to higher debt repayment obligations 
during the year. This is to be attributed to repayment of borrowings.
Return on equity ratio The % change in attributable to a reduction in net loss during the current year and 
an increase in the average equity base. 
Net capital turnover ratio The % change is net capital turnover ratio is primarily attributable to a higher 
working capital base, which has impacted the efficiency with which the Company 
is able to generate revenue from its net capital employed. The Company is taking 
steps to optimise working capital management and improve overall operational 
efficiency going forward.
Net profit ratio The % change in net profit ratio is primarily due to a reduction in net losses and 
a corresponding increase in revenue. The narrowing of losses indicates progress 
toward improved operational performance. The management remains focused 
on enhancing revenue streams and controlling costs to achieve sustainable 
profitability.
Return on capital employed The % change is primarily on account of a turnaround in operating performance, 
resulting in positive earnings before interest and taxes. The increase in capital 
employed, through a combination of higher net worth and reduced debt, has also 
contributed to the change. 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
  The Company’s current assets aggregate to ` 12,198 Lakhs (March 31, 2024 - ` 9,630 Lakhs) including current 
investments, Loans, cash and cash equivalents and bank balances against aggregate current liability of ` 1,529 
Lakhs (March 31, 2024 - ` 6,337 Lakhs) and non current liabilities ` 7 ,861 Lakhs (March 31, 2024 - ` 9,817 Lakhs) 
including borrowings on the reporting date. While the Company’s total equity stands at  ` 36,248 Lakhs (March 
31, 2024 -  ` 23,877 Lakhs). Hence liquidity risk or risk that the Company may not be able to settle or meet its 
obligations as they become due does not exist.
Note 24.d. Capital management
 For the purpose of the Company’s capital management, capital includes issued equity capital and all other equity 
reserves attributable to the equity holders. The primary objective of the Company’s capital management is to maximize 
the shareholder value and to ensure the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.
 The Company monitors gearing ratio i.e. total debt in proportion to its overall financing structure, i.e. equity and debt. The 
Company manages the capital structure and makes adjustments to it in the light of changes in economic conditions and 
the risk characteristics of the underlying assets.
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at  
March 31, 2024
Total equity (i)  36,248  23,877 
Borrowings  8,007  13,872 
Net debt (ii)  8,007  13,872 
Overall financing (iii) = (i) + (ii)  44,255  37 ,749 
Gearing ratio (ii)/ (iii)  0.18  0.37 
 No changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes for managing capital during the years ended March 31, 
2025 and March 31, 2025.
Note 25. Corporate Social Responsibility expenditure
As per Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”), a company, meeting the applicability threshold, needs to 
spend at least 2% of its average net profit for the immediately preceding three financial years on Corporate Social 
Responsibility (CSR) activities. A CSR committee has been formed by the Company as per the Act. The funds were 
primarily allocated to a corpus and utilized through the year on these activities which are specified in Schedule VII of 
the Companies Act, 2013.
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Gross amount required to be spent as per Section 135 of the Act  -     6 
Add: amount unspent from previous years  -     -    
Total gross amount required to be spent during the year  -    6 
Amount approved by the Board to be spent during the year  -     6 
Particulars As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
In Cash Yet to be paid 
in cash
Total In Cash Yet to be paid 
in cash
Total
1. Construction/acquisition of any asset  -  -  -  -  -  - 
2. On purpose other than (1) above  -  -  -  6  -  6 
3. Shortfall/ (excess) at the end of the year  -  -  -  -  -  - 
4. Reason for shortfall  NA  NA 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
===== PDF PAGE 120 =====
199198
(vii) Utilization of borrowed funds and share premium:
  The Company has not advanced orloaned orinvested funds to any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign 
entities (Intermediaries) with the understanding that the Intermediary shall:
 (a)  directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on 
behalf of the Company (Ultimate Beneficiaries); or
 (b)  provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries
   The Company has not received any fund from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Funding 
Party) with the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Company shall: 
 (a)  directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on 
behalf of the funding party (ultimate beneficiaries) or
 (b) provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries.
(viii) Undisclosed income
  There is no income surrendered or disclosed as income during the current or previous year in the tax assessments 
under the Income Tax Act, 1961, that has not been recorded in the books of account.
(ix) Details of crypto currency or virtual currency
  The Company has not traded or invested in crypto currency or virtual currency during the current or previous year.
(x) Title deed of immovable properties
 The Company does not hold any immovable property whose lease deed is not in the name of Company
(xi) Valuation of property, plant and equipment and  intangible asset
  The Company has not revalued its property, plant and equipment (including right-of-use assets) or intangible assets 
or both during the current or previous year.
(xii)  The borrowings obtained by the Company from banks and financial institutions have been applied for the purposes 
for which such loans were was taken.
(xiii) Registration of charges or satisfaction with Registrar of Companies
  There are no charges or satisfaction which are yet to be registered with the Registrar of Companies beyond the 
statutory period.
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Formula for computation of ratios are as follows:
Ratios  Numerator  Denominator As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
 Numerator Denominator  Numerator  Denominator 
Current ratio Current assets Current liabilities  13,297  1,528  9,630  6,337 
Debt-equity ratio Total debt Total equity  8,007  36,248  13,872  23,877 
Debt service coverage ratio Net profit after taxes +  
Depreciation and other 
amortizations + Interest 
Interest + principle 
repayment of loans.
 1,109  10,354  367  947 
Return on equity ratio Net profit after taxes Average total equity  (275)  30,062  (1,339)  23,992 
Trade receivables turnover 
ratio
Net credit sales Average trade receivables  1,221  334  1,079  298 
Trade payables turnover 
ratio
Net credit purchases Average trade payables  NA  NA  NA  NA 
Net capital turnover ratio Net sales Working capital  1,221  11,769  1,079  3,293 
Net profit ratio Net profit after taxes Net sales  (275)  1,221  (1,339)  1,079 
Return on capital 
employed
Earning before interest 
and taxes
Net worth + total debt  469  44,255  (780)  35,826 
Return on investment Income generated from 
invested funds
Average invested funds in 
treasury investments
 639  766  389  -    
Note 27 . Additional regulatory information
i) Details of Benami property Held
  No proceedings have been initiated on or are pending against the Company for holding benami property under the 
Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (45 of 1988) and Rules made thereunder.
(ii) Wilful defaulter
  The Company has never been declared as wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or government or any 
government authority
(iii) Relationship with struck off companies
  The Company has no transactions with the companies struck off under Companies Act, 2013 or Companies Act, 
1956.
(iv) Registration of charges or satisfaction with registrar of companies
  The Company does not have any charges or satisfaction which is yet to be registered with ROC beyond the statutory 
period.
(v) Compliance with number of layers of companies
  The Company has complied with the number of layers prescribed under the Companies Act, 2013
(vi) Compliance with approved scheme(s) of arrangements
  The Company has not entered into any scheme of arrangement which has an accounting impact on current or 
previous financial year
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
===== PDF PAGE 121 =====
200
(xiii) Registration of charges or satisfaction with Registrar of Companies
  There are no charges or satisfaction which are yet to be registered with the Registrar of Companies beyond the 
statutory period.
Note 28. The Code on Social Security, 2020
The Code on Social Security, 2020 (‘code’) relating to employee benefits during emplo yment and post employment 
benefits received presidential assent in September 2020. The code has been published in the gazette of India. However, 
the date on which the code will come into effect has not been notified and t he final rules/interpretation have not yet 
been issued. The Company will assess the impact of the code when it comes int o effect and will record any related 
impact in the period the code becomes effective.
Note 29. Events after the reporting period
No significant subsequent events have been observed which may require an adjustments to the financial statements.
Note 30.
There are no recent accounting pronouncements having significant impact on the financial statements of the Company.
Note 31.
Previous year figures have been regrouped / reclassified to confirm presentation as per Ind AS as required by Schedule 
III of the act.
Note 32.
‘0’ denotes amount less than ` 0.5 Lakhs.
As per our report of even date 
For Kirtane & Pandit LLP 
Chartered Accountants 
ICAI Firm Registration No.: 105215W/W100057
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
Aurum PropTech Limited
CIN No: L72300MH2013PLC244874
Suhrud Lele Onkar Shetye Vasant Gujarathi 
Partner Executive Director Non-Executive and Independent Director 
Membership No.: 121162 DIN - 06372831 DIN - 06863505 
Kunal Karan Sonia Jain 
Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary 
M. No. - A52138 
Place: Navi Mumbai Place: Navi Mumbai 
Date: April 25, 2025 Date: April 25, 2025 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
201
To the Members of 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
OPINION
We have audited the accompanying consolidated 
financial statements of Aurum PropTech Limited (”the 
Holding Company”) and its subsidiaries, (the Company 
and its subsidiaries together referred to as “the Group”) 
which comprise the Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2025, 
and the Statement of Profit and Loss (including Other 
Comprehensive Income), the Cash Flow Statement and 
the Statement of Changes in Equity for the year then 
ended, and a summary of Material accounting policies 
and other explanatory information (hereinafter referred 
to as the “consolidated financial statements”). 
In our opinion and to the best of our information and 
according to the explanations given to us and based 
on the consideration of reports of the other auditors 
on separate financial statements of the subsidiaries 
referred to in the Other Matters section below the 
aforesaid consolidated financial statements give the 
information required by the Companies Act, 2013 (“the 
Act”) in the manner so required and give a true and fair 
view in conformity with the Indian Accounting Standards 
prescribed under section 133 of the Act read with the 
Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, 
as amended (‘Ind AS’) and other accounting principles 
generally accepted in India, of the consolidated 
state of affairs of the Group as at March 31, 2025, 
and their consolidated loss, their consolidated total 
comprehensive income, their consolidated cash flows 
and their consolidated changes in equity for the year 
ended on that date.
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT
on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit of the consolidated financial 
statements in accordance with the Standards on 
Auditing specified under Section 143 (10) of the Act (SAs). 
Our responsibilities under those Standards are further 
described in the Auditor’s Responsibility for the Audit 
of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our 
report. We are independent of the Group in accordance 
with the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) together with the 
ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the 
consolidated financial statements under the provisions 
of the Act and the Rules made thereunder, and we have 
fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance 
with these requirements and the ICAI’s Code of Ethics. 
We believe that the audit evidence obtained by us and 
the audit evidence obtained by the other auditor in 
terms of their reports referred to in the Other Matters 
section below, is sufficient and appropriate to provide a 
basis for our audit opinion on the consolidated financial 
statements.
KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our 
professional judgment, were of most significance in 
our audit of the consolidated financial statements 
of the current year. These matters were addressed in 
the context of our audit of the consolidated financial 
statements as a whole and in forming our opinion 
thereon and we do not provide a separate opinion on 
these matters. For each matter below, our description of 
how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that 
context.
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
===== PDF PAGE 122 =====
202
Sr. 
No. 
Key Audit Matter How our audit addressed the key audit matter
1. Intangible Assets
Refer to Note 3.d. and Note 17 to the consolidated 
financial statements.
During the year ended March 31, 2025, the Group 
has capitalised ₹ 1,801 lakhs (considering before 
adjustment/ deduction) towards internally developed 
technical know-how and had ₹ 1,178 lakhs under 
development as at year-end, primarily relating to 
software development for its business.
We identified the recognition, measurement, and 
impairment assessment of these intangible assets 
as a key audit matter due to the inherent judgement 
involved in evaluating whether the costs incurred meet 
the recognition criteria under the applicable financial 
reporting framework. This includes assessment of 
technical feasibility, intention and ability to complete 
and use or sell the intangible asset, and the expected 
future economic benefits.
Given the level of judgement and estimation uncertainty 
involved, this area was considered a key focus in our 
audit.
Our procedures included, but were not limited to, the 
following:
• Evaluating the Company’s accounting policy in 
relation to the capitalisation of internally generated 
intangible assets and assessing its compliance with 
applicable accounting standards.
• Assessing the process and controls over the 
identification and capitalisation of development 
costs.
• Testing a sample of capitalised costs to underlying 
documentation to verify whether they met the 
recognition criteria.
• Inquiring with project teams and reviewing 
documentation to assess the stage of development 
and technical feasibility of the projects.
• Assessing the adequacy of related disclosures in 
the standalone financial statements.
INFORMATION OTHER THAN THE CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND AUDITOR’S REPORT 
THEREON
The Holding Company’s Board of Directors is responsible 
for preparation of the other information. The other 
information comprises the information included in the 
Management Discussion and Analysis, Board’s Report 
including Annexures to Board’s Report, Business 
Responsibility and Sustainability Report, Corporate 
Governance and Shareholder’s Information, but does 
not include the consolidated financial statements, 
standalone financial statements and our auditor’s report 
thereon. 
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements 
does not cover the other information and we do not 
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial 
statements, our responsibility is to read the other 
information identified above and in doing so, consider 
whether the other information is materially inconsistent 
with the consolidated financial statements or our 
knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears 
to be materially misstated. Other information so far as it 
relates to the subsidiaries, is traced from their financial 
statements audited by other auditors.
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude 
that there is a material misstatement of this other 
information, we are required to report that fact. 
Responsibilities of Management and Board Directors for 
the Consolidated Financial Statements
The Holding Company’s Management and Board of 
Directors  are responsible for the matters stated in 
Section 134 (5) of the Act with respect to preparation 
of these consolidated financial statements that give a 
true and fair view of the consolidated financial position, 
consolidated financial performance, consolidated total 
comprehensive income, consolidated changes in equity 
and consolidated cash flows of the Group in accordance 
with the Ind AS and other accounting principles 
generally accepted in India, including the Indian 
Accounting Standards specified under section 133 of 
the Act read with the Companies (Indian Accounting 
Standards) Rules, 2015 as amended. The respective 
Board of Directors of the companies included in the 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT (Contd.)
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
203
Group are responsible for maintenance of the adequate 
accounting records in accordance with the provisions of 
the Act for safeguarding the assets of the Group and for 
preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; 
selection and application of appropriate accounting 
policies; making judgments and estimates that are 
reasonable and prudent; and design, implementation 
and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, 
that were operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy 
and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to 
the preparation and presentation of the consolidated 
financial statements that give a true and fair view and 
are free from material misstatement, whether due to 
fraud or error. These financial statements have been 
used for the purpose of preparation of the consolidated 
financial statements by the Board of Directors of the 
Holding Company, as aforesaid.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, 
the respective Board of Directors of the companies 
included in the Group are responsible for assessing 
the respective company’s ability to continue as a going 
concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related 
to going concern and using the going concern basis 
of accounting unless management either intends to 
liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no 
realistic alternative but to do so.
The respective Board of Directors of the companies 
included in the Group are also responsible for overseeing 
the financial reporting process of those Companies
AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF 
THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about 
whether the consolidated financial statements as a 
whole are free from material misstatement, whether 
due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that 
includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high 
level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit 
conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect 
a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements 
can arise from fraud or error and are considered material 
if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably 
be expected to influence the economic decisions of 
users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial 
statements.
As a part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise 
professional judgment and maintain professional 
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
• Identify and assess the risks of material 
misstatement of the consolidated financial 
statements, whether due to fraud or error, design 
and perform audit procedures responsive to those 
risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient 
and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. 
The risk of not detecting a material misstatement 
resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting 
from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, 
intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the 
override of internal control.
• Obtain an understanding of internal financial 
controls relevant to the audit in order to design 
audit procedures that are appropriate in the 
circumstances. Under Section 143(3)(i) of the Act, 
we are also responsible for expressing our opinion 
on whether the Company and its subsidiaries which 
are companies incorporated in India, have adequate 
internal financial controls system in place and the 
operating effectiveness of such controls.
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting 
policies used and the reasonableness of accounting 
estimates and related disclosures made by the 
Management and Board of Directors.
• Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s 
use of the going concern basis of accounting and, 
based on the audit evidence obtained, whether 
a material uncertainty exists related to events or 
conditions that may cast significant doubt on the 
ability of the Group to continue as a going concern. 
If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, 
we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s 
report to the related disclosures in the consolidated 
financial statements or, if such disclosures are 
inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions 
are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the 
date of our auditor’s report. However, future events 
or conditions may cause the Group to cease to 
continue as a going concern.
• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and 
content of the consolidated financial statements, 
including the disclosures, and whether the 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
===== PDF PAGE 123 =====
204
consolidated financial statements represent the 
underlying transactions and events in a manner 
that achieves fair presentation.
•  Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence 
regarding the financial information of 
Subsidiaries of the Group to express an opinion 
on the consolidated financial statements. We 
are responsible for the direction, supervision 
and performance of the audit of the financial 
statements of such entities or business activities 
included in the consolidated financial statements 
of which we are the independent auditors. 
  For the other entities or business activities included 
in the consolidated financial statements, which 
have been audited by the other auditors, such 
other auditors remain responsible for the direction, 
supervision and performance of the audits carried 
out by them. We remain solely responsible for our 
audit opinion.
We communicate with those charged with governance 
of the Company and such other entities included in the 
consolidated financial statements of which we are the 
independent auditors regarding, among other matters, 
the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant 
audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in 
internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with 
a statement that we have complied with relevant 
ethical requirements regarding independence, and to 
communicate with them all relationships and other 
matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our 
independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged 
with governance, we determine those matters that were 
of most significance in the audit of the consolidated 
financial statements of the current period and are 
therefore the key audit matters. We describe these 
matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation 
precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, 
in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that 
a matter should not be communicated in our report 
because the adverse consequences of doing so would 
reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest 
benefits of such communication.
OTHER MATTERS
a.  The accompanying consolidated financial 
statements includes the audited financial 
statements and other financial information, 
in respect of 9 Subsidiaries, whose financial 
statements include total assets of Rs. 29,457 Lakhs 
as at March 31, 2025, total income of Rs. 21,980 
Lakhs, total net loss after tax of Rs. 2,633 Lakhs, 
total comprehensive income /(loss) of Rs. (2,676) 
Lakhs, for the year ended on that date, and net 
cash outflow of Rs. 109 Lakhs for the year ended 
March 31, 2025, as considered in the consolidated 
financial statements which have been audited by 
their respective independent auditors. All the above 
figures are before consolidation adjustments.
  The independent auditor’s report on the financial 
statements and other financial information of 
these entities have been furnished to us by the 
Management and our opinion on the consolidated 
financial statements in so far as it relates to the 
amounts and disclosures included in respect of 
these subsidiaries is based solely on the report of 
such auditor and the procedures performed by us 
as stated above.
b.  We have not audited the comparative financial 
information included in the consolidated financial 
statements for the year ended March 31, 2024. 
The consolidated financial statements for the 
year ended March 31, 2024 were audited by the 
predecessor auditor, whose report dated April 29, 
2024 expressed an unmodified opinion on those 
consolidated financial statements. Our opinion on 
the consolidated financial statements for the year 
ended March 31, 2025 is not modified in respect of 
this matter.
c.  Our opinion on the consolidated financial 
statements is not modified in respect of the above 
matters with respect to our reliance on the work 
done and the reports of the other auditors and the 
financial statements/financial information certified 
by the Management.
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT (Contd.)
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
205
REPORT ON OTHER LEGAL AND REGULATORY 
REQUIREMENTS
A. As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, based on 
our audit and on the consideration of the reports 
of the other auditors on the separate financial 
statements of the subsidiaries referred to in the 
Other Matters section above we report, to the 
extent applicable that:
a) We have sought and obtained all the 
information and explanations which to the best 
of our knowledge and belief were necessary 
for the purposes of our audit of the aforesaid 
consolidated financial statements.
b) In our opinion, proper books of account as 
required by law relating to preparation of the 
aforesaid consolidated financial statements 
have been kept so far as it appears from our 
examination of those books and the reports of 
the other auditors except for matters stated in 
the paragraph h(vi) below on reporting under 
Rule 11(g).
c) The consolidated balance Sheet, the 
consolidated statement of profit and loss 
including other comprehensive income, the 
consolidated cash flow statement and the 
consolidated statement of changes in equity 
dealt with by this Report are in agreement with 
the relevant books of account maintained for 
the purpose of preparation of the consolidated 
financial statements.
d) In our opinion, the aforesaid consolidated 
financial statements comply with the Ind AS 
specified under Section 133 of the Act.
e) On the basis of the written representations 
received from the directors of the Company for 
the year ended March 31, 2025 taken on record 
by the Board of Directors of the Company and 
the reports of the statutory auditors of its 
subsidiary companies incorporated in India, 
none of the directors of the Group companies 
incorporated in India are disqualified as on 
March 31, 2025 from being appointed as a 
director in terms of Section 164 (2) of the Act.
 f)  With respect to the adequacy of the internal 
financial controls over financial reporting and 
the operating effectiveness of such controls, 
refer to our separate Report in “Annexure A” 
which is based on the auditors’ reports of the 
Company, subsidiary companies incorporated 
in India. Our report expresses an unmodified 
opinion on the adequacy and operating 
effectiveness of internal financial controls 
over financial reporting of those companies.
 g)  With respect to the other matters to be included 
in the Auditor’s report in accordance with the 
requirements of section 197(16) of the Act, as 
amended, in our opinion and to the best of our 
information and according to the explanations 
given to us, the remuneration paid / provided 
by the Company to its directors’ during year is 
in accordance with the provisions of Section 
197 of the Act. 
 h)  With respect to the other matters to be included 
in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 
11 of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 
2014, as amended in our opinion and to the 
best of our information and according to the 
explanations given to us:
  i.  The consolidated financial statements 
disclose the impact of pending litigations 
on the consolidated financial position 
of the Group – Refer Note 22 of the 
consolidated financial statements.
  ii.  The Group did not have any material 
foreseeable losses on long term contracts 
including derivative contracts.
iii.  There has been delay in transferring 
amounts, required to be transferred, to 
the Investor Education and Protection 
Fund by the Company.
iv.  With respect to clause (e) of Rule 11 of the 
Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 
2014, as amended
   (a)  The respective Managements of the 
Company and its subsidiaries which 
are companies incorporated in India, 
whose financial statements have 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
===== PDF PAGE 124 =====
206
been audited under the Act, have 
represented to us and to the other 
auditors of such subsidiaries, that, to 
the best of their knowledge and belief, 
no funds (which are material either 
individually or in the aggregate) have 
been advanced or loaned or invested 
(either from borrowed funds or share 
premium or any other sources or kind 
of funds) by the Company or any 
such subsidiaries to or in any other 
person or entity, including foreign 
entity (‘Intermediaries’) with the 
understanding, whether recorded 
in writing or otherwise, that the 
intermediary shall, whether directly 
or indirectly lend or invest in other 
persons or entities identified in any 
manner whatsoever by or on behalf 
of the Company or any of such 
subsidiaries (‘Ultimate Beneficiaries’) 
or provide any guarantee, security 
or the like on behalf of the Ultimate 
Beneficiaries.
   (b)  The respective Managements of the 
Company and its subsidiaries which 
are companies incorporated in India, 
whose financial statements have 
been audited under the Act, have 
represented to us and to the other 
auditors of such subsidiaries, that, 
to the best of their knowledge and 
belief, no funds (which are material 
either individually or in the aggregate) 
have been received by the Company 
or any such subsidiaries from any 
other person or entity, including 
foreign entity (‘Intermediaries’) 
with the understanding, whether 
recorded in writing or otherwise, 
that the intermediary shall, whether 
directly or indirectly lend or invest in 
other persons or entities identified 
in any manner whatsoever by or on 
behalf of the Company or any of such 
subsidiaries (‘Ultimate Beneficiaries’) 
or provide any guarantee, security 
or the like on behalf of the Ultimate 
Beneficiaries.
   (c)  Based on the audit procedures that 
have been considered reasonable 
and appropriate in the circumstances 
performed by us and those performed 
by the auditors of the subsidiaries 
which are companies incorporated 
in India whose financial statements 
have been audited under the Act, 
nothing has come to our attention or 
other auditor’s notice that has caused 
us or the other auditors to believe 
that the representations under sub-
clause (i) and (ii) of Rule 11 (e) as 
provided under (a) and (b) above, 
contain any material misstatement.
  v.  The Holding Company has neither 
declared nor paid any dividend during the 
year.
  vi.  Based on our examination which included 
test checks and that performed by the 
respective Auditors of the subsidiaries, 
which are incorporated in India:  
   a.  The Holding Company has used an 
accounting software for maintaining 
its books of account which has 
a feature of recording audit trail 
(edit log) facility and the same has 
operated throughout the year for all 
relevant transactions recorded in the 
software. Further, during the course 
of our audit we did not come across 
any instance of audit trail feature 
being tampered with.
   b.  In respect of the subsidiaries audited 
by us, the accounting software used 
for maintaining books of account 
has a feature of recording an audit 
trail (edit log) and the same has been 
operational throughout the year for 
all relevant transactions. There was 
no instance observed of the audit trail 
feature being tampered with during 
the year. For certain subsidiaries 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT (Contd.)
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
207
whose financial statements were 
audited by other auditors, we have 
relied on their audit reports. As per 
those reports, the audit trail feature 
was operational throughout the year, 
except in respect of any changes 
made directly at the database level, 
where the component auditors were 
unable to comment due to lack of 
relevant information. Further, no 
instance of tampering with the audit 
trail feature was reported by such 
auditors.
   c.  One of the subsidiary company, 
being incorporated outside India, 
is not required to comply with 
the provisions of Rule 11(g) of the 
Companies (Audit and Auditors) 
Rules, 2014, and accordingly, testing 
of the audit trail (edit log) feature 
is not applicable to such foreign 
subsidiary.
B.  With the respect to matters specified in Paragraphs 3(xxi) and 4 of th e Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020 
(the “Order” / “CARO”) issued by the Central Government in terms of Section 143(11) of the Act, to be included in the 
Auditor’s report, there are no qualifications or adverse remarks by the respective auditors in the CARO reports of the 
companies included in the consolidated financial statements except as follows:
Sr. 
No.
Name CIN Holding Company/
subsidiary
Clause number of the 
CARO report which is 
qualified or adverse
1 Aurum PropTech Limited  L72300MH2013PLC244874 Holding Company iii (c)
2 Integrow Asset 
Management Private 
Limited 
U67100MH2020PTC345577 Subsidiary Company ix (a)
3 Monk Tech Ventures 
Private Limited U70200KA2023PTC172074 Subsidiary Company vii (a)
4 Nestaway Technologies 
Private Limited U72400KA2014PTC078018 Subsidiary Company i (a) & (b)
5 Nestaway Technologies 
Private Limited U72400KA2014PTC078018 Subsidiary Company vii (a), (b) & (c)
6 K2V2 Technologies 
Private Limited U72900PN2019PTC182955 Subsidiary Company vii (a)
7 Bonds Brain Technologies 
Private Limited U66309DL2024PTC427552 Subsidiary Company Iii (c)
For Kirtane & Pandit LLP 
Chartered Accountants 
ICAI Firm Registration No.: 105215W/W100057
Suhrud Lele
Partner
Membership No.: 121162
UDIN: 25121162BMJHUS8393
Place: Navi Mumbai 
Date: April 25, 2025
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
===== PDF PAGE 125 =====
208
(Referred to in paragraph 1(f) under ‘Report on Other 
Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our 
report of even date)
In conjunction with our audit of the consolidated financial 
statements of Aurum PropTech Limited (hereinafter 
referred to as “the Company”) as of and for the year ended 
March 31, 2025, we have audited the internal financial 
controls with reference to financial statements of the 
Holding Company and such companies incorporated in 
India under the Act which are its subsidiary companies 
as of that date.
OPINION
In our opinion to the best of our information and 
according to the explanations given to us and based on 
the consideration of the reports of the other auditors 
referred to in the Other Matters paragraph below, the 
Company, its subsidiary companies, which are companies 
incorporated in India, have, in all material respects, 
an adequate internal financial controls system over 
financial reporting and such internal financial controls 
over financial reporting were operating effectively as 
at March 31, 2025, based on the criteria for internal 
financial control over financial reporting established 
by the respective companies considering the essential 
components of internal control stated in the Guidance 
Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over 
Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India.
MANAGEMENT’S RESPONSIBILITY FOR INTERNAL 
FINANCIAL CONTROLS
The respective Board of Directors of the Company, 
its subsidiary companies which are companies 
incorporated in India, are responsible for establishing 
and maintaining internal financial controls based on 
the internal control over financial reporting criteria 
established by the respective Companies considering 
the essential components of internal control stated 
in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial 
Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the 
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI). These 
responsibilities include the design, implementation and 
maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that 
were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and 
efficient conduct of its business, including adherence 
ANNEXURE “A ” TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
(Referred to in paragraph 1(f) under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our report 
of even date)
to the respective company’s policies, the safeguarding 
of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and 
errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting 
records, and the timely preparation of reliable financial 
information, as required under the Act.
AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITY
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the 
internal financial controls over financial reporting of 
the Company and its subsidiary companies which are 
companies incorporated in India, based on our audit. We 
conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance 
Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over 
Financial Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) issued by 
the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India and the 
Standards on Auditing, prescribed under Section 143(10) 
of the Companies Act, 2013, to the extent applicable to 
an audit of internal financial controls. Those Standards 
and the Guidance Note require that we comply with 
ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to 
obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequate 
internal financial controls over financial reporting 
was established and maintained and if such controls 
operated effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit 
evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial 
controls system over financial reporting and their 
operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial 
controls over financial reporting included obtaining 
an understanding of internal financial controls over 
financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material 
weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design 
and operating effectiveness of internal control based 
on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend 
on the auditor’s judgement, including the assessment 
of the risks of material misstatement of the financial 
statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained 
and the audit evidence obtained by other auditors 
of the subsidiary companies, which are companies 
incorporated in India, in terms of their reports referred 
to in the Other Matters paragraph below, is sufficient 
and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion 
on the internal financial controls system over financial 
reporting of the Company and its subsidiary companies 
which are companies incorporated in India.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
209
MEANING OF INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS 
OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
A company’s internal financial control over financial 
reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable 
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting 
and the preparation of financial statements for external 
purposes in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles. A company’s internal financial 
control over financial reporting includes those policies 
and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of 
records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly 
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets 
of the Company; (2) provide reasonable assurance 
that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit 
preparation of financial statements in accordance 
with generally accepted accounting principles, and 
that receipts and expenditures of the Company are 
being made only in accordance with authorisations 
of management and directors of the Company; and (3) 
provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or 
timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or 
disposition of the Company’s assets that could have a 
material effect on the financial statements.
INHERENT LIMITATIONS OF INTERNAL FINANCIAL 
CONTROLS OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial 
controls over financial reporting, including the possibility 
of collusion or improper management override of 
controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud 
may occur and not be detected. Also, projections of 
any evaluation of the internal financial controls over 
financial reporting to future periods are subject to the 
risk that the internal financial control over financial 
reporting may become inadequate because of changes 
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the 
policies or procedures may deteriorate.
OTHER MATTERS
Our aforesaid report under Section 143(3)(i) of the 
Act on the adequacy and operating effectiveness of 
the internal financial controls over financial reporting 
insofar as it relates to the subsidiaries which are 
companies incorporated in India, is based solely on the 
corresponding reports of the auditors of the Subsidiaries 
incorporated in India. Our opinion is not modified in 
respect of the above matters.
For Kirtane & Pandit LLP 
Chartered Accountants 
ICAI Firm Registration No.: 105215W/W100057
Suhrud Lele
Partner
Membership No.: 121162
UDIN: 25121162BMJHUS8393
Place: Navi Mumbai 
Date: April 25, 2025
ANNEXURE “A” (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 
2024-25
===== PDF PAGE 126 =====
210
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET 
AS AT MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  Notes As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
ASSETS
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment 3.a  3,412  10,863 
Right of use assets 3.b  17 ,723  11,552 
Goodwill on consolidation 3.c  17 ,425  17 ,425 
Intangible assets 3.d  6,052  5,844 
Intangible assets under development 3.e  1,178  1,636 
Financial assets
Investments 4.a.1  702  0 
Other financial assets 4.b  3,708  3,051 
Deferred tax assets (net) 5.a  2,873  2,349 
Income tax assets (net) 5.b  551  971 
Other non-current assets 6  449  210 
Total non-current assets  54,073  53,901 
Current assets
Financial assets
Investments 4.a.2  4,267  2,512 
Trade receivables 4.c  2,899  2,323 
Cash and cash equivalents 4.d  965  726 
Bank balances other than cash and cash equivalents 4.e  1,554  1,568 
Loans 4.f  234  -   
Other financial assets 4.g  759  294 
Income tax assets (net) 5.b  114  -   
Other current assets 7  2,586  3,121 
Total current assets  13,378  10,544 
Total assets  67 ,451  64,445 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity
Equity share capital 8  2,756  1,993 
Other equity 9  24,679  16,045 
Total equity attributable to equity holders of the Company  27 ,435  18,038 
Non-controlling interest  1,012  759 
Total equity  28,447  18,797 
Liabilities
Non-current liabilities
Financial liabilities
Borrowings 10.a  7 ,605  13,556 
Lease liabilities 3.b  12,742  7 ,766 
Other financial liabilities 10.b.1  234  141 
Provisions 11  505  419 
Other non-current liabilities 12.a  63  43 
Total non-current liabilities  21,149  21,925 
Current liabilities
Financial liabilities
Borrowings 10.a  496  5,834 
Lease liabilities 3.b  6,491  5,168 
Trade payables 10.c
a)    Dues of micro and small enterprises  104  207 
b)   Dues of creditors other than micro and small enterprises  3,146  3,262 
Other financial liabilities 10.b.2  6,516  7 ,629 
Provisions 11  98  91 
Current tax liabilities 5.b  80  -   
Other current liabilities 12.b  924  1,532 
Total current liabilities  17 ,855  23,723 
Total liabilities  39,004  45,648 
Total equity and liabilities  67 ,451  64,445 
# The accompanying notes including Material Accounting Policies 1 to 34 are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.
As per our report of even date 
For Kirtane & Pandit LLP 
Chartered Accountants 
ICAI Firm Registration No.: 105215W/W100057
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of  
Aurum PropTech Limited  
CIN: L72300MH2013PLC244874
Suhrud Lele Onkar Shetye Vasant Gujarathi 
Partner Executive Director Non-Executive and Independent Director 
Membership No.: 121162 DIN - 06372831 DIN - 06863505 
Kunal Karan Sonia Jain 
Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary 
M. No. - A52138 
Place: Navi Mumbai Place: Navi Mumbai 
Date: April 25, 2025 Date: April 25, 2025 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
211
As per our report of even date 
For Kirtane & Pandit LLP 
Chartered Accountants 
ICAI Firm Registration No.: 105215W/W100057
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of  
Aurum PropTech Limited  
CIN: L72300MH2013PLC244874
Suhrud Lele Onkar Shetye Vasant Gujarathi 
Partner Executive Director Non-Executive and Independent Director 
Membership No.: 121162 DIN - 06372831 DIN - 06863505 
Kunal Karan Sonia Jain 
Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary 
M. No. - A52138 
Place: Navi Mumbai Place: Navi Mumbai 
Date: April 25, 2025 Date: April 25, 2025 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  Notes Year ended 
March 31, 2025
Year ended  
March 31, 2024
INCOME
Revenue from operations 13  26,384  21,405 
Other income 14  2,114  1,902 
Total income  28,498  23,307 
EXPENSES
Employee benefit expense 15  7 ,860  8,814 
Finance costs 16  2,923  2,597 
Depreciation and amortisation expense 17  8,236  7 ,251 
Other expenses 18  13,926  12,281 
Total expenses  32,945  30,943 
Loss before exceptional items and tax  (4,447)  (7 ,636)
Exceptional items 19  -    144 
Loss before tax  (4,447)  (7 ,780)
Tax expense / (credit) 5.a
Current tax  212  35 
Taxation in respect of earlier years  (17)  -   
Deferred tax  (519)  (1,220)
Total tax credit  (324)  (1,185)
Loss for the year  (4,123)  (6,595)
Other comprehensive income / (loss)
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss 
Remeasurement of post-employment benefit obligations  (32)  (45)
Income tax relating to above  4  17 
Items that will reclassified subsequently to profit or loss 
Exchange difference on translation of foreign operation  (1)  (8)
Total other comprehensive loss for the year  (29)  (36)
Total comprehensive loss for the year  (4,152)  (6,631)
Loss attributable to:
Equity shareholders of the Company  (3,337)  (5,575)
Non-controlling interest  (786)  (1,020)
Other comprehensive (loss) / income attributable to:
Equity shareholders of the Company  (25)  (51)
Non-controlling interest  (4)  15 
Total comprehensive loss attributable to:
Equity shareholders of the Company  (3,362)  (5,626)
Non-controlling interest  (790)  (1,005)
Earnings per share 20
Basic (`)  (6.16)  (14.16)
Diluted (`)  (6.16)  (14.16)
The accompanying notes including Material Accounting Policies 1 to 34 are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 
2024-25
===== PDF PAGE 127 =====
212
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(A) Equity Share Capital
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
No. of shares Amount No. of shares Amount 
Equity shares of ` 5/- each issued, subscribed 
and fully paid
Opening Balance  2,91,30,356  1,456  2,86,29,689  1,431 
Add: Shares issued on exercise of options  1,43,100  8  5,00,667  25 
Closing Balance  2,92,73,456  1,464  2,91,30,356  1,456 
Equity shares of ` 5/- each issued, subscribed 
and partly paid-up, ` 3.12/- paid-up ( March 
31, 2024 : ` 1.25/- paid-up)
Opening Balance  4,29,44,533  537  4,29,44,533  537 
Add : Call money received  -  755  -  - 
Closing Balance  4,29,44,533  1,292  4,29,44,533  537 
Total Equity share capital at the end of the 
year.
 7 ,22,17 ,989  2,756  7 ,20,74,889  1,993 
(B) Other Equity
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Securities 
premium
ESOP 
deposits 
and share 
call money 
account
Capital 
redemption 
reserve 
Stock 
options 
outstanding 
account
Retained 
earnings
Other 
comprehensive 
income (OCI)
Total
Balance as at April 01, 2024  22,199  -    79  1,083  (7 ,320)  4  16,045 
Loss for the year   -    -    -    -    (3,337)  -    (3,337 .4)
Other comprehensive loss for 
the year  -    -    -    -    (25)  (1.37)  (26.5)
Total comprehensive income/ 
(loss) for the year  -    -    -    -    (3,362)  (1)  (3,363)
On exercise of Employee stock 
options  106  -    -    -    -    106 
Transfer from Stock options 
outstanding account  97  -    -    (97)  -    -    -   
Received on Rights issue  11,348  -    -    -    -    -    11,348 
Investment in subsidiary  -    -    (65)  -    (65)
Subsidiaries no longer 
consolidated  -    -    -    -    (93)  -    (93)
Received on Rights issue - 
pending allotment  -    85  -    -    -    85 
Received on exercise of 
ESOPs - pending allotment  -    2  -    -    -    -    2 
Share based payment to 
employees  -    -    -    614  -    -    614 
Balance as at March 31, 2025  33,750  87  79  1,600  (10,840)  3  24,679 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
213
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Securities 
premium
ESOP 
deposits 
and share 
call money 
account
Capital 
redemption 
reserve 
Stock 
options 
outstanding 
account
Retained 
earnings
Other 
comprehensive 
income (OCI)
Total
Balance as at April 01, 2023  21,551  -    79  347  (1,697)  7  20,287 
Loss for the year   -    -    -    -    (5,575)  -    (5,575)
Other comprehensive income/
(loss) for the year  -    -    -    -    (48)  (3)  (51)
Total comprehensive income/ 
(loss) for the year  -    -    -    -    (5,623)  (3)  (5,626)
On exercise of Employee stock 
options  167  -    -    -    -    -    167 
Transfer from Stock options 
outstanding account  481  -    -    (481)  -    -    -   
Share based payment to 
employees  -    -    -    1,217  -    -    1,217 
Balance as at March 31, 2024  22,199  -    79  1,083  (7 ,320)  4  16,045 
 Nature and Purpose of Reserve
 (a) Securities premium
  Amounts received on issue of shares in excess of the par value has been classi fied as securities premium.
 (b) Capital redemption reserve
   As per Companies Act, 2013, capital redemption reserve is created when company p urchases its own shares 
out of free reserves or securities premium. A sum equal to the nominal value of t he shares so purchased is 
transferred to capital redemption reserve. The reserve is utilised in accordance with the provisions of Section 
69 of the Companies Act, 2013.
 (c) Stock options outstanding account 
   Stock options outstanding account is used to record the fair value of equit y-settled share based payment 
transactions. The amounts recorded in this account are transferred to share premium upon exercise of stock 
options. In case of cancellation of options, corresponding balance is transferred to retained earnings.
 (d) Retained earnings
   Retained earning represents undistributed accumulated earnings of the Company as  on the balance sheet 
date.
The accompanying notes including Material Accounting Policies 1 to 34 are an integral part of the consolidated financial 
statements.
As per our report of even date 
For Kirtane & Pandit LLP 
Chartered Accountants 
ICAI Firm Registration No.: 105215W/W100057
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of  
Aurum PropTech Limited  
CIN: L72300MH2013PLC244874
Suhrud Lele Onkar Shetye Vasant Gujarathi 
Partner Executive Director Non-Executive and Independent Director 
Membership No.: 121162 DIN - 06372831 DIN - 06863505 
Kunal Karan Sonia Jain 
Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary 
M. No. - A52138 
Place: Navi Mumbai Place: Navi Mumbai 
Date: April 25, 2025 Date: April 25, 2025 
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
===== PDF PAGE 128 =====
214
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
 (Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  Year ended  
March 31, 2025
 Year ended  
March 31, 2024
Cash flow from operating activities
Loss before tax  (4,447)  (7 ,780)
Adjustments for:
Depreciation and amortisation expense  8,236  7 ,252 
Share based payments  613  1,164 
Finance costs  2,923  2,597 
Provision for doubtful debts  -    295 
Interest income on deposits and debentures  (328)  (408)
Interest income on security deposits  (163)  (126)
Interest on income tax refund  (78)  (186)
Gain on lease terminated and lease liability no longer required written back  (1,028)  (699)
Profit on sale and revaluation of current investments (mutual funds)  (38)  (5)
(Gain) / loss on sale of property, plant and equipment  (1)  5 
Reversal of provisions  (441)  -   
Gain on foreign currency transactions and translations  (11)  (8)
Operating profit before working capital changes  5,237  2,101 
Changes in working capital:
Increase in trade receivables  (138)  (193)
Increase in non-current and current financial assets  (1,357)  (694)
Increase in non-current and current other assets  (84)  (756)
(Decrease) / increase in non-current and current other financial liabilities  (845)  1,273 
(Decrease) / increase in trade payables  (56)  559 
Decrease in non-current and current other current liabilities  (249)  (213)
Cash generated from operations  2,508  2,076 
Income tax refund/ (paid) (net)  182  (86)
Interest on income tax refund  78  30 
Net cash flow generated from operating activities (A)  2,768  2,020 
Cash flow from investing activities
Payment for property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and intangible assets 
under development
 (1,938)  (10,445)
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment  344  5 
Payment for acquisition of subsidiary companies  (644)  (8,131)
Investment in financial assets - investments  (2,418)  (843)
Net proceeds from deposits  102  2,404 
Interest received  328  431 
Net cash flow used in investing activities (B)  (4,226)  (16,579)
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
215
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
 (Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  Year ended  
March 31, 2025
 Year ended  
March 31, 2024
Cash flow from financing activities
Proceeds from issue of equity shares (net)  12,218  186 
Proceeds from issue of equity shares by subsidiary  1,507  -   
Proceeds from loan - related parties  1,597  4,660 
Repayment of loan - related parties  (4,660)  -   
Proceeds from borrowings- banks  4,075  19,177 
Repayment of borrowings - banks  (4,879)  (5,024)
Repayment of lease liability, net of interest  (5,038)  (4,624)
Interest and other finance charges paid  (2,974)  (2,183)
Net cash flow generated from financing activities (C)  1,846  12,192 
Net increase/ (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (A+B+C)  388  (2,366)
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year  726  2,026 
Cash and cash equivalents on acquisition of subsidiary  -    1,066 
Cash and cash equivalents on subsidiaries derecognition  (149)  -   
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year  965  726 
Cash and cash equivalents comprise (Refer note 4.d)
Balances with banks
Current accounts  561  505 
Fixed deposit with orginal maturity for less than 3 months  404  221 
Total cash and cash equivalents at end of the year  965  726 
1. The above cash flow statement has been prepared under the ‘Indirect Method’ as  set out in Ind AS-7 “ Statement of Cash Flows”.
2.  Figures in brackets indicate cash outflow.
The accompanying notes including Material Accounting Policies 1 to 34 are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.
As per our report of even date 
For Kirtane & Pandit LLP 
Chartered Accountants 
ICAI Firm Registration No.: 105215W/W100057
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of  
Aurum PropTech Limited  
CIN: L72300MH2013PLC244874
Suhrud Lele Onkar Shetye Vasant Gujarathi 
Partner Executive Director Non-Executive and Independent Director 
Membership No.: 121162 DIN - 06372831 DIN - 06863505 
Kunal Karan Sonia Jain 
Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary 
M. No. - A52138 
Place: Navi Mumbai Place: Navi Mumbai 
Date: April 25, 2025 Date: April 25, 2025 
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
===== PDF PAGE 129 =====
216
Note 1. Corporate information
Aurum PropTech Limited is a public limited company domiciled in India and is listed on the BSE Limited (BSE) and 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE). The Group is in the business o f software development for real estate 
and other services relating to real estate.
Date of incorporation   : June 27 , 2013  
CIN       :  L72300MH2013PLC244874
Registered Office address  :   Aurum Q1, Aurum Q Parc, Thane Belapur Road, Navi Mumbai, Thane, Maharashtra, 
India, 400710
The details of subsidiaries (refer note 25), considered in these consolidated financial statements are:
Name of entity Principal place of 
business
 Proportion of voting rights held 
As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
K2V2 Technologies Private Limited India 81.94% 44.44%
Aurum Softwares and Solutions Private Limited India 100.00% 100.00%
Liv Real Solutions Private Limited (formerly known as Aurum 
RealTech Services Private Limited)
India 100.00% 100.00%
Monk Tech Labs Pte. Limited Singapore 40.00% 40.00%
Hello World Technologies Private Limited India 100.00% 100.00%
Integrow Asset Management Private Limited India 49.13% 49.13%
Aurum Analytica Private Limited (formerly known as Blink 
Advisory Services Private Limited)
India 100.00% 100.00%
Monk Tech Venture Private Limited India 51.00% 51.00%
YieldWiseX Technologies Private Limited (formerly known as 
Vartaman Consultants  Private Limited)
India 100.00% 100.00%
Cuneate Services Private Limited India 100.00% 100.00%
NestAway Technologies Private Limited India 98.72% 93.64%
Bonds Brain Technologies Private Limited India 100.00% 100.00%
Imogentechno Delta Park Private Limited Subsidiary  
(w.e.f. January 09, 2024 upto June 26, 2024)
India - 100.00%
Wisetechno Private Limited,Subsidiary 
(w.e.f. January 10, 2024  upto September 28, 2024)
India - 100.00%
Eukleia Technologies Private Limited, step down subsidiary 
(w.e.f. July 13, 2023 upto March 14, 2024)
India - 93.64%
Nesassist Services Private Limited, step down subsidiary 
(w.e.f. July 13, 2023 upto March 12, 2024)
India - 93.64%
City Synapse Information Private Limited. step down 
subsidiary (w.e.f. July 13, 2023 upto March 14, 2024)
India - 93.64%
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
217
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Note 2. Material accounting policies
This note provides a list of the material accounting 
policies adopted in the preparation of these 
consolidated financial statements. These policies have 
been consistently applied except where a newly issued 
accounting standard is initially adopted or a revision to 
an existing accounting standard requires a change in 
accounting policy hitherto in use.
Note. 2.(1) Basis of preparation and presentation 
(a) Statement of compliance with Ind AS
  The consolidated financial statements of the 
Company have been prepared on accrual and 
going concern basis, in accordance with Indian 
Accounting Standards (Ind-AS) notified under 
Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) 
read with the Companies (Indian Accounting 
Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended from time to 
time and other relevant provisions of the Act.
Accounting policies have been consistently applied 
except where newly issued accounting standard or 
revision to existing accounting standards requires 
changes in the existing accounting policies.
The consolidated financial statements are approved 
for issue by the Company’s Board of Directors on 
April 25, 2025.
(b) Basis of measurement 
  The consolidated financial statements have been 
prepared on a historical cost convention on accrual 
basis, except for the following material items that 
have been measured at fair value as required by 
relevant Ind AS:-
i)   Certain financial assets and liabilities 
measured at fair value;
ii)  Share based payment transactions;and
iii)   Defined benefit and other long-term employee 
benefits - plan assets measured at fair value
(c)  Classification between current and non-current
  All assets and liabilities have been classified as 
current or non-current as per the Group’s normal 
operating cycle, paragraph 66 and 69 of Ind-AS 1 
and other criteria as set out in Division II of Schedule 
III to the Companies Act, 2013.
 An asset is treated as current when it is:
i)  Expected to be realised or intended to be sold 
or consumed in normal operating cycle
ii)  Held primarily for the purpose of trading
iii)  Expected to be realised within twelve months 
after the reporting period, or
iv)  Cash or cash equivalent unless restricted from 
being exchanged or used to settle a liability 
for at least twelve months after the reporting 
period 
 All other assets are classified as non-current. 
A liability is treated as current when:
i)  It is expected to be settled in normal operating 
cycle
ii)  It is held primarily for the purpose of trading
iii)  It is due to be settled within twelve months 
after the reporting period, or 
iv)  There is no unconditional right to defer the 
settlement of the liability for at least twelve 
months after the reporting period.
  The terms of the liability that could, at the option 
of the counterparty, result in its settlement by 
the issue of equity instruments do not affect its 
classification.
  The Group classifies all other liabilities as non-
current.
  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are classified as 
non-current assets and liabilities.
  The operating cycle is the time between the 
acquisition of assets for processing and their 
realisation in cash and cash equivalents. The Group 
has identified twelve months as its operating 
cycle. 
(d)  Presentation currency and rounding off
  The consolidated financial statements are 
presented in ` and all values are rounded to nearest 
Lakhs (` 00,000), unless otherwise stated.
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
===== PDF PAGE 130 =====
218
(e) Going concern
  The Company has prepared the consolidated 
financial statements on the basis that it will 
continue to operate as a going concern
(f) Use of estimates
  The preparation of consolidated financial 
statements in conformity with Ind AS requires the 
Management to make estimate and assumptions that 
affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities 
as at the Balance Sheet date, reported amount of 
revenue and expenses for the year and disclosures 
of contingent liabilities as at the Balance Sheet 
date. The estimates and assumptions used in the 
accompanying consolidated financial statements 
are based upon the Management’s evaluation of 
the relevant facts and circumstances as at the date 
of the consolidated financial statements. Actual 
results could differ from these estimates. Estimates 
and underlying assumptions are reviewed on a 
periodic basis. Revisions to accounting estimates, 
if any, are recognised in the year in which the 
estimates are revised and in any future years if the 
revision effects such periods. Also key sources of 
estimation uncertainty is mentioned below:
 i)  Useful lives of property, plant and equipment 
and intangible assets:
   As described in the material accounting policy, 
the Group reviews the estimated useful lives of 
property, plant and equipment and intangible 
assets at the end of each reporting period. 
 ii)   The fair value measurements and valuation 
processes:
   Some of the Group’s assets and liabilities are 
measured at fair value for financial reporting 
purposes. In estimating the fair value of an 
asset or liability, the Group uses market-
observable data to the extent it is available. 
Where level 1 input are not available, the Group 
engages third party valuers, where required, 
to perform the valuation. Information about 
the valuation techniques and inputs, used in 
determining the fair value of various assets, 
liabilities and share based payments are 
disclosed in notes to consolidated financial 
statements. 
 iii) Actuarial valuation:
   Some of the Group’s assets and liabilities are 
measured at fair value for financial reporting 
purposes. In estimating the fair value of an 
asset or liability, the Group uses market-
observable data to the extent it is available. 
Where level 1 input are not available, the Group 
engages third party valuers, where required, 
to perform the valuation. Information about 
the valuation techniques and inputs, used in 
determining the fair value of various assets, 
liabilities and share based payments are 
disclosed in notes to consolidated financial 
statements.
Note 2.(2) Property, plant and equipment 
 Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost 
of acquisition less accumulated depreciation and 
accumulated impairment losses, if any. Direct costs 
are capitalised until the assets are ready for use and 
include inward freight, and expenses incidental to 
acquisition and installation. Subsequent expenditures 
related to an item of Property, plant and equipment are 
added to its book value only if they increase the future 
benefits from the existing asset beyond its previously 
assessed standard of performance.The carrying amount 
of any component accounted for as a separate asset is 
derecognised when replaced.
 An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised 
upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are 
expected from its use or disposal. Gains and losses on 
disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment 
are determined by comparing the proceeds from 
disposal with the carrying amount of property, plant and 
equipment, and are recognised net and disclosed within 
other income or expenses in the Statement of Profit and 
Loss.
Depreciation methods, estimated useful lives
 Depreciation on Property, plant and equipment is 
provided when the assets are ready for use on the 
straight line method, on a pro rata basis, over the 
estimated useful lives of assets, in order to reflect the 
period over which the depreciable asset is expected to 
be used by the Group. Based on technical evaluation the 
management estimates the useful lives of significant 
items of property, plant and equipment as follows:
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
219
Property, plant and 
equipment
Useful economic life
Buildings 28 years
Computers 1 -3 years 
Plant and equipment 3 - 5 years
Furniture and fixtures 5 - 7 years 
Vehicles 5 years
Office equipment 3 - 5 years 
Leasehold land Lease term ranging from 
95-99 years
The leasehold improvements are depreciated over the 
assets’ useful life or over the shorter of the assets useful 
life and the lease term. 
Based on technical evaluation, the management believes 
that the useful lives as given above best represent 
the period over which management expects to use 
these assets. Hence the useful lives for these assets is 
different from the useful lives as prescribed under Part 
C of schedule II of the Companies Act, 2013. 
Depreciation on addition to property plant and equipment 
is provided on pro-rata basis from the date of acquisition.
Depreciation on sale/deduction from property plant and 
equipment is provided up to the date preceding the date 
of sale, deduction as the case may be. Losses arising 
from the retirement of, and gains or losses arising from 
disposal of Property, plant and equipment measured 
as the difference between amount realised and net 
carrying value which are carried at cost are recognised 
in the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss under 
‘Other income/Other expenses’.
Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values 
are reviewed periodically at each financial year end 
and adjusted prospectively, as change in accounting 
estimates.
2(3) Intangible assets and amortisation 
Intangible assets are recorded at the consideration 
paid for acquisition of such assets and are carried at 
cost of acquisition less accumulated amortisation and 
impairment, if any.
Intangible assets are recognised when the asset is 
identifiable, is within the control of the Group, probable 
that future economic benefits attributable to the asset 
will flow to the Group and the cost of the asset can be 
reliably measured. Expenditure on research activities is 
recognised in the Consolidated Statement of Profit and 
Loss as incurred. Development expenditure is capitalised 
only if the expenditure can be measured reliably, the 
product or process is technically and commercially 
feasible, future economic benefits are probable and the 
Group intends to complete development and to use or 
sell the asset.
The Group amortised intangible assets over their 
estimated useful lives using the straight line method. The 
estimated useful lives of intangible assets are as follows:
Intangible assets Useful economic life
Software 3 - 7 years
Customer relationships 5-10 years
Brand/Trade name 10 years
Web Applications 3 - 7 years
Research costs are expensed as incurred. Software 
product development costs are expensed as incurred 
unless technical and commercial feasibility of the 
project is demonstrated, future economic benefits 
are probable, the Group has an intention and ability to 
complete and use or sell the software and the costs can 
be measured reliably. The costs which can be capitalised 
include the cost of material, direct labour or employee 
cost, professional fees paid to consultants, overhead 
costs that are directly attributable to preparing the 
asset for its intended use. Research and development 
costs and software development costs incurred 
under contractual arrangements with customers are 
accounted as expenses in the Consolidated Statement 
of Profit and Loss.
 Internally generated intangible assets (development 
costs)
Expenditure on internally developed products is 
capitalised if it can be demonstrated that:
(i)   it is technically feasible to develop the product for it 
to be sold
(ii)   adequate resources are available to complete the 
development
(iii)   there is an intention to complete and sell the 
product
(iv)  the Group is able to sell the product
(v)   sale of the product will generate future economic 
benefits, and
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 
2024-25
===== PDF PAGE 131 =====
220
(vi)   expenditure on the project can be measured 
reliably.
Capitalised development costs are amortised over the 
periods (3- 7 years) the Group expects to benefit from 
selling the products developed. 
The amortisation expense is included within the 
‘depreciation and amortisation expense’ in the 
Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss.
Development expenditure not satisfying the above 
criteria and expenditure on the research phase of 
internal projects are recognised in the Consolidated 
Statement of Profit and Loss as incurred.
2(4) Intangible assets under development
Intangibles which are not ready for intended use as on 
the date of Balance Sheet are disclosed as Intangible 
assets under development. 
Intangible assets under development include costs 
associated with the development of Software/Web 
Applications for internal use and external sale. 
These assets are recognised when all the following 
conditions are met:
-  The technical feasibility of completing the 
Software/Web Applications so that it will be 
available for use or sale is demonstrated.
-  Management intends to complete the 
Software /Web Applications and use or sell it.  
- There is an ability to use or sell the Software /Web 
Applications.
-  It can be demonstrated how the Software /
Web Applications will generate probable future 
economic benefits.
-  Adequate technical, financial, and other resources 
to complete the development and to use or sell the 
Software/Web Applications are available.
-  The expenditure attributable to the Software/Web 
Applications during its development can be reliably 
measured.
The costs capitalised include all directly attributable 
costs necessary to create, produce, and prepare the 
asset to be capable of operating in the manner intended 
by management. These costs typically include:
-   Salaries and wages of employees directly involved 
in the development.
-   Cost directly incurred for employees involved in the 
development.
-   Costs of materials and services consumed in 
development.
-   Depreciation of tools and equipment (if any) used in 
development.
Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets under 
development are carried at cost less any accumulated 
impairment losses. They are tested for impairment 
annually, and whenever there is an indication that the 
asset may be impaired. Upon completion, these assets 
are reclassified as intangible assets and are amortised 
on a systematic basis over their estimated useful life 
from the date they are available for use. 
Note 2.(5) Impairment of non-financial assets
The Group assesses at each year end whether there is 
any objective evidence that a non financial asset or a 
group of non financial assets is impaired. 
If any such indication exists, the Group estimates 
the asset’s recoverable amount and the amount of 
impairment loss.
An impairment loss is calculated as the difference 
between an asset’s carrying amount and recoverable 
amount. Losses are recognised in Consolidated 
Statement of Profit and Loss and reflected in an 
allowance account. When the Group considers that 
there are no realistic prospects of recovery of the 
asset, the relevant amounts are written off. If the 
amount of impairment loss subsequently decreases 
and the decrease can be related objectively to an event 
occurring after the impairment was recognised, then 
the previously recognised impairment loss is reversed 
through Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss.
The recoverable amount of an asset or cash-generating 
unit (as defined below) is the greater of its value in use 
and its fair value less costs to sell. In assessing value in 
use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to 
their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that 
reflects current market assessments of the time value of 
money and the risks specific to the asset. For the purpose 
of impairment testing, assets are grouped together into 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
221
the smallest group of assets that generates cash in 
flows from continuing use that are largely independent 
of the cash inflows of other assets or groups of assets 
(the “cash-generating unit”).
Note 2.(6) Leases
Group as a lessee
The Group’s lease asset classes primarily consist of 
leases for office premises. The Group assesses whether 
a contract contains a lease, at inception of a contract. A 
contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys 
the right to control the use of an identified asset for a 
period of time in exchange for consideration. To assess 
whether a contract conveys the right to control the use 
of an identified asset, the Group assesses whether: (i) 
the contract involves the use of an identified asset (ii) 
the Group has substantially all of the economic benefits 
from use of the asset through the period of the lease 
and (iii) the Group has the right to direct the use of the 
asset.    
At the date of commencement of the lease, the 
Group recognises a right-of-use asset (“ROU”) and a 
corresponding lease liability for all lease arrangements 
in which it is a lessee, except for leases with a term of 
twelve months or less (short-term leases) and low value 
leases. For these short-term and low value leases, the 
Group recognises the lease payments as an operating 
expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the 
lease. 
Lease liability and ROU asset have been separately 
presented in the Balance Sheet and lease payments 
have been classified as financing cash flows.
Certain lease arrangements includes the options to 
extend or terminate the lease before the end of the lease 
term. ROU assets and lease liabilities includes these 
options when it is reasonably certain that they will be 
exercised.
The right-of-use assets are initially recognised at cost, 
which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability 
adjusted for any lease payments made at or prior to the 
commencement date of the lease plus any initial direct 
costs less any lease incentives. They are subsequently 
measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and 
impairment losses.
Right-of-use assets are depreciated from the 
commencement date on a straight-line basis over the 
lease term. The lease liability is initially measured 
at amortised cost at the present value of the future 
lease payments. Lease liabilities are remeasured with 
a corresponding adjustment to the related right of use 
asset if the Group changes its assessment if whether it 
will exercise an extension or a termination option.
Group as a lessor    
At the inception of the lease the Group classifies each of 
its leases as either an operating lease or a finance lease. 
The Group recognises lease payments received under 
operating leases as income on a straight- line basis 
over the lease term. In case of a finance lease, finance 
income is recognised over the lease term based on a 
pattern reflecting a constant periodic rate of return on 
the lessor’s net investment in the lease. 
Note 2.(7) Employee benefits     
(a) Short-term obligations    
  The undiscounted amount of short term employee 
benefits expected to be paid in exchange for the 
services rendered by employees is recognised in 
the year during which the employee rendered the 
services. These benefits comprise salaries, wages 
and performance incentives.
(b)  Other long-term employee benefit obligations
 (i)  Defined contribution plan 
   The Group has defined contribution plans 
for post employment benefits in the form of 
provident fund, employees’ state insurance, 
labour welfare fund, pension fund (NPS) 
and superannuation fund in India which are 
administered through Government of India 
and/or Life Insurance Corporation of India 
(LIC). 
 (ii)  Defined benefit plan    
   Gratuity: The Group has defined benefit plans 
for post employment benefits in the form of 
gratuity for its employees in India. The gratuity 
scheme of the Group is administered through 
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC). The 
cost of the defined benefit gratuity plan and 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 
2024-25
===== PDF PAGE 132 =====
222
the present value of the gratuity obligation are 
determined using actuarial valuations. 
   Actuarial gains and losses are recognised 
immediately in the Other Comprehensive 
Income (OCI) as income or expense (net of 
taxes). 
   An actuarial valuation involves making various 
assumptions that may differ from actual 
developments in the future. 
   These include the  determination of the 
discount rate; future salary increases and 
mortality rates. Due to the complexities 
involved in the valuation and its long-term 
nature, a defined benefit obligation is highly 
sensitive to changes in these assumptions. All 
assumptions are reviewed at each reporting 
date.
   The parameter most subject to  change is the 
discount rate. In determining the appropriate 
discount rate for plans operated in India, the 
management considers the interest rates of 
government bonds where remaining maturity 
of such bond correspond to expected term of 
defined benefit obligation.
   The mortality rate is based on publicly available 
mortality tables. Those mortality tables tend 
to change only at interval in response to 
demographic changes. Future salary increases 
and gratuity increases are based on expected 
future inflation rates.   
(c) Share based payments
  Stock options granted to employees of the Company 
and its subsidiaries (direct and step down) under 
the stock option scheme covered by Securities and 
Exchange Board of India ( Share based employee 
benefits) Regulations, 2014 are accounted using 
the fair value method. Under the equity settled 
share-based payment, the fair value on the grant 
date of the award given to employees is recognised 
in the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss 
with a corresponding increase in equity over the 
vesting period. 
  The fair value of the options at the grant date is 
calculated by an independent valuer basis ‘Black 
Scholes model’. At the end of each reporting period, 
apart from the non-market vesting condition, the 
expense is reviewed and adjusted to reflect changes 
to the level of options expected to vest. When the 
options are exercised, the Company issues fresh 
equity shares. The fair value of options granted to 
the employees of its subsidiaries are accounted as 
“Investment in subsidiaries” on a graded vesting 
basis over the vesting period of the option.
Note 2.(8) Foreign currency transactions
i) 
  Functional and presentation currency:  Items 
included in the consolidated financial statements 
are measured using the currency of the primary 
economic environment in which the entity operates 
(‘the functional currency’). The consolidated 
financial statements are presented in Indian rupee 
(`), which is the Group’s functional and presentation 
currency. 
ii)  Foreign currency transactions and balances:
 a)   On initial recognition, all foreign currency 
transactions are recorded by applying to 
the foreign currency amount the exchange 
rate between the functional currency and 
the foreign currency at the date of the 
transaction. Gains/losses arising out of 
fluctuation in foreign exchange rates between 
the transaction date and settlement date are 
recognised in the Consolidated Statement of 
Profit and Loss.    
b)  Monetary assets and liabilities denominated 
in foreign currencies are translated at the 
functional currency spot rates of exchange 
at the reporting date and the exchange 
differences are recognised in the Consolidated 
Statement of Profit and Loss. 
c)  Non-monetary items that are measured in 
terms of historical cost in a foreign currency 
are translated using the exchange rates at 
the dates of the initial transactions. Non-
monetary items measured at fair value in a 
foreign currency are translated using the 
exchange rates at the date when the fair value 
is determined. The gain or loss arising on 
translation of non-monetary items measured at 
fair value is treated in line with the recognition 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
223
of the gain or loss on the change in fair value of 
the item (i.e., translation differences on items 
whose fair value gain or loss is recognised in 
OCI or profit or loss are also recognised in OCI 
or profit or loss, respectively). 
Note 2.(9) Fair value measurement
The Group measures financial instruments, such as, 
investments at fair value at each Balance Sheet date. 
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell 
an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly 
transaction between market participants at the 
measurement date. The fair value measurement is based 
on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset 
or transfer the liability takes place either: 
-   In the principal market for the asset or liability, or 
-   In the absence of a principal market, in the most 
advantageous market for the asset or liability 
accessible to the Group.
All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured 
or disclosed in the consolidated financial statements are 
categorised within the fair value hierarchy, described as 
follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant 
to the fair value measurement as a whole: 
-   Level 1 — Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in 
active markets for identical assets or liabilities  
-   Level 2 — Valuation techniques for which the 
lowest level input that is significant to the fair value 
measurement is directly or indirectly observable 
-   Level 3 — Valuation techniques for which the 
lowest level input that is significant to the fair value 
measurement is unobservable
The management determines the policies and 
procedures for both recurring fair value measurement 
and disclosure. For the purpose of fair value disclosures, 
the Group has determined classes of assets and 
liabilities on the basis of the nature, characteristics and 
risks of the asset or liability and the level of the fair value 
hierarchy as explained above.
Note 2.(10) Revenue from contracts with customers
Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised 
when control of the services are transferred 
(performance obligation), to the customer at an amount 
that reflects the consideration, to which the Group 
expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or 
services.
Revenue is measured at the fair value of the 
consideration received or receivable, taking into account 
contractually defined terms of payment and excluding 
taxes or duties collected on behalf of the government. 
The Group has concluded that it is the principal in its 
revenue arrangements since it is the primary obligor in 
the revenue arrangements as it has pricing latitude and 
is also exposed to credit risks.
Rental income receivable under operating lease is 
recognised on straight-line basis over the term of lease, 
except where alternative basis is more representative 
of pattern of benefit to be derived from leased asset. 
leased incentive granted are recognised as integral part  
of total rental income to be received. Contingent rental 
are recognised as income in accounting period in which 
they are earned.
Income from information technology services 
is recognised on rendering of services based on 
agreements / arrangements with the concerned parties 
over the period of time.
Revenues recognised in excess of invoicing are 
classified as contract assets (which is classified as 
unbilled revenue) while invoicing in excess of revenues 
are classified as contract liabilities (which is classified 
as unearned revenues).
Note 2.(11) Other income 
Dividend income from investments is recognised when 
the right to receive payment is established. 
Interest income is recorded using the effective interest 
rate (EIR). EIR is the rate that exactly discounts the 
estimated future cash payments or receipts over the 
expected life of the financial instrument.   
Note 2. (12) Taxes    
The income tax expense or credit for the period is the tax 
payable on the current period’s taxable income based 
on the applicable income tax rate adjusted by changes 
in deferred tax assets and liabilities attributable to 
temporary differences and to unused tax losses.  
(a) Current income tax
  Current income tax is recognised in profit or 
loss, except to the extent that it relates to items 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 
2024-25
===== PDF PAGE 133 =====
224
recognised in other comprehensive income or 
directly in equity. In this case, the current income 
tax is also recognised in other comprehensive 
income or directly in equity, respectively
  Management periodically evaluates positions 
taken in the tax returns with respect to situations 
in which applicable tax regulations are subject to 
interpretation and establishes provisions where 
appropriate.
  Current tax assets and liabilities are offset when 
there is a legally enforceable right to offset the 
recognised amount and there is an intention to 
settle the asset and liability on a net basis.
(b)  Deferred tax 
  Deferred income tax is recognised using the 
balance sheet approach. Deferred income tax 
assets and liabilities are recognised for deductible 
and taxable temporary differences arising between 
the tax base of assets and liabilities and their 
carrying amount, except when the deferred income 
tax arises from initial recognition of Goodwill or 
from the initial recognition of an asset or liability 
in a transaction that is not a business combination 
and affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or 
loss at the time of the transaction.
  Deferred income tax assets are recognised to the 
extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be 
available against which the deductible temporary 
differences and the carry forward of unused tax 
credits and unused tax losses can be utilised.
  The carrying amount of deferred income tax assets 
is reviewed at each reporting date and reduced 
to the extent that it is no longer probable that 
sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow 
all or part of the deferred income tax asset to be 
utilised. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are 
measured using substantively enacted tax rates 
expected to apply to taxable income in the years in 
which the temporary differences are expected to be 
received or settled.
  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when 
there is a legally enforceable right to set off assets 
against liabilities representing the current tax and 
where the deferred tax assets and liabilities relate 
to taxes on income levied by the same governing 
taxation laws.
Note 2.(13) Provisions and contingent liabilities
A provision is recognised when the Group has a present 
legal or constructive obligation as a result of past event 
and it is probable that an outflow of resources will be 
required to settle the obligation, in respect of which a 
reliable estimate can be made. These are reviewed at 
each Balance Sheet date and adjusted to reflect the 
current best estimates.
If the effect of the time value of money is material, 
provisions are discounted using a current pre-tax rate 
that reflects, when appropriate, the risks specific to the 
liability. When discounting is used, the increase in the 
provision due to the passage of time is recognised as a 
finance cost.
Contingent liabilities are disclosed when there is 
a possible obligation arising from past events, the 
existence of which will be confirmed only by the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain 
future events not wholly within the control of the Group 
or a present obligation that arises from past events where 
it is either not probable that an outflow of resources will 
be required to settle the obligation or a reliable estimate 
of the amount cannot be made. Contingent assets are 
neither recognised nor disclosed in the consolidated 
financial statements.
Note 2.(14) Cash and cash equivalents 
The Group considers all highly liquid financial 
instruments, which are readily convertible into known 
amounts of cash that are subject to an insignificant 
risk of change in value and having original maturities 
of three months or less from the date of purchase, to 
be cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents consist 
of balances with banks which are unrestricted for 
withdrawal and usage.
Note 2. (15) Financial instruments
All financial instruments are recognised initially at fair 
value. Transaction costs that are attributable to the 
acquisition of the financial asset (other than financial 
assets recorded at fair value through profit or loss) 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
225
are included in the fair value of the financial assets. 
Purchase or sales of financial assets that require delivery 
of assets within a time frame established by regulation 
or convention in the market place (regular way trade) are 
recognised on trade date. While, loans and borrowings 
and payables are recognised net of directly attributable 
transaction costs.
For the purpose of subsequent measurement, financial 
instruments of the Group are classified in the following 
categories: non derivative financial assets comprising 
amortised cost, debt instruments at fair value through 
other comprehensive income (FVTOCI), equity 
instruments at FVTOCI or fair value through profit 
and loss account (FVTPL) and non derivative financial 
liabilities at amortised cost or FVTPL.
The classification of financial instruments depends 
on the objective of the business model for which it is 
held. Management determines the classification of its 
financial instruments at initial recognition.
a)  Non-derivative financial assets
 (i)  Financial assets at amortised cost
  A financial asset is measured at amortised 
cost if both of the following conditions are 
met:
 (a)   the financial asset is held within a 
business model whose objective is to 
hold financial assets in order to collect 
contractual cash flows and
 (b)   the contractual terms of the financial 
asset give rise on specified dates to 
cash flows that are solely payments 
of principal and interest (SPPI) on the 
principal amount outstanding.     
  They are presented as current assets, except 
for those maturing later than 12 months after 
the reporting date which are presented as non-
current assets. Financial assets are measured 
initially at fair value plus transaction costs 
and subsequently carried at amortised cost 
using the effective interest method, less any 
impairment loss.
  Amortised cost are represented by trade 
receivables, security deposits, cash and cash 
equivalents, employee and other advances and 
eligible current and non-current assets.
 (ii)  Debt instruments at FVTOCI
  A debt instrument is measured at fair value 
through other comprehensive income if both 
of the following conditions are met: 
 (a)  the objective of the business model is 
achieved by both collecting contractual 
cash flows and selling financial assets 
and  
 (b)  the asset’s contractual cash flow 
represent SPPI  
  Debt instruments included within FVTOCI 
category are measured initially as well as 
at each reporting period at fair value plus 
transaction costs. Fair value movements are 
recognised in other comprehensive income 
(OCI). However, the Group recognises interest 
income, impairment losses & reversals and 
foreign exchange gain/(loss) in Consolidated 
Statement of Profit and Loss. On derecognition 
of the asset, cumulative gain or loss previously 
recognised in OCI is reclassified from equity to 
profit and loss. Interest earned is recognised 
under the effective interest rate (EIR) model.
 (iii)  Equity instruments at FVTOCI
  All equity instruments are measured at fair 
value. Equity instruments held for trading 
is classified as FVTPL. For all other equity 
instruments, the Group may make an 
irrevocable election to present subsequent 
changes in the fair value in OCI. The Group 
makes such election on an instrument-by-
instrument basis.
  If the Group decides to classify an equity 
instrument as at FVTOCI, then all fair value 
changes on the instrument, excluding 
dividend are recognised in OCI which is not 
subsequently recycled to statement of profit 
and loss.
 (iv)  Financial assets at FVTPL
  FVTPL is a residual category for financial 
assets. Any financial asset which does not 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 
2024-25
===== PDF PAGE 134 =====
226
meet the criteria for categorisation as at 
amortised cost or as FVTOCI, is classified as 
FVTPL.
  In addition the Group may elect to designate 
the financial asset, which otherwise meets 
amortised cost or FVTOCI criteria, as FVTPL 
if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces 
a measurement or recognition inconsistency. 
The Group has not designated any financial 
asset as FVTPL. Financial assets included 
within the FVTPL category are measured at 
fair values with all changes in the Consolidated 
Statement of Profit and Loss.
b)  Non-derivative financial liabilities
 (i)  Financial liabilities at amortised cost
  Financial liabilities at amortised cost 
represented by borrowings, trade and other 
payables are initially recognised at fair value, 
and subsequently carried at amortised cost 
using the effective interest rate method.
 (ii)  Financial liabilities at FVTPL
  Financial liabilities at FVTPL represented by 
contingent consideration are measured at 
fair value with all changes recognised in the  
statement of profit and loss.
Note 2. (16) Contributed equity 
Equity shares are classified as equity share capital.
Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of 
new shares are shown in other equity under securities 
premium as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.
Note 2. (17) Earnings per share    
Basic earnings per share (EPS) are calculated by dividing 
the net  profit / (loss)  after tax for the year attributable 
to equity shareholders by the weighted average number 
of equity shares outstanding during the year. Diluted 
earnings per share  is computed by adjusting the number 
of shares used for basic EPS with the weighted average 
number of shares that could have been issued on the 
conversion of all dilutive potential equity shares. Dilutive 
potential equity shares are deemed converted as of the 
beginning of the year, unless they have been issued at a 
later date. The diluted potential equity shares have been 
adjusted for the proceeds receivable had the shares 
been actually issued at fair value i.e. average market 
value of outstanding shares. 
The number of shares and potentially dilutive shares 
are adjusted for share splits and bonus shares, as 
appropriate. In calculating diluted earnings per share, 
the effects of anti dilutive potential equity shares 
are ignored. Potential equity shares are anti-dilutive 
when their conversion to equity shares would increase 
earnings per share or decrease loss per share.
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
227
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)Note 3.a. Property, plant and equipment
 (Amount in INR Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars
 Gross carrying amount Accumulated depreciation  Net carrying amount 
As at  
April 01, 
2024
 Additions  Deductions  On 
derecognition 
of subsidiary 
 As at 
March 31, 
2025 
As at  
April 01, 
2024
 For the 
year 
Deductions  On 
derecognition of 
subsidiary 
 As at 
March 31, 
2025 
 As at 
March 31, 
2025 
As at  
April 01, 
2024 
A) Owned assets
Buildings  10,350  99  -    (7 ,307)  3,142  818  157  -    (55)  921  2,221  9,532 
Computers  855  87  (325)  -    617  732  65  (304)  -    493  124  123 
Plant and equipment  664  1  (10)  -    655  419  68  (4)  -    483  172  245 
Furniture and fixtures  2,020  335  (131)  -    2,224  1,709  119  (82)  -    1,746  478  311 
Electrical fittings and installations  701  23  (131)  -    593  630  28  (118)  -    540  53  71 
Office equipment  341  63  (102)  -    302  259  87  (80)  -    266  36  81 
Total (A)  14,931  608  (699)  (7 ,307)  7 ,533  4,567  524  (588)  (55)  4,449  3,084  10,363 
B) Leased assets
Leasehold land  170  -    -    -    170  35  2  -    -    37  133  135 
Leasehold improvements  608  8  (40)  576  243  150  (13)  380  195  365 
Total (B)  778  8  (40)  -    746  278  152  (13)  -    418  328  500 
Total ( A + B )  15,709  616  (739)  (7 ,307)  8,279  4,845  676  (601)  (55)  4,867  3,412  10,863 
Particulars
 Gross carrying amount Accumulated depreciation  Net carrying amount 
As at  
April 01, 
2023
 Additions  Deductions  Addition on 
account of 
acquisition of 
subsidiary 
 As at 
March 31, 
2024 
As at  
April 01, 
2023
 For the 
year 
Deductions  Addition on 
account of 
acquisition of 
subsidiary 
 As at 
March 31, 
2024 
 As at 
March 31, 
2024 
As at  
April 01, 
2023 
A) Owned assets
Buildings  3,078  7 ,272  -    -    10,350  692  126  -    -    818  9,532  2,386 
Computers  373  75  (25)  432  855  222  119  (24)  415  732  123  151 
Plant and equipment  630  34  (0)  -    664  339  80  -    -    419  245  291 
Furniture and fixtures  696  85  (156)  1,395  2,020  416  156  (146)  1,283  1,709  311  281 
Electrical fittings and installations  41  1  (29)  688  701  6  24  (27)  627  630  71  35 
Office equipment  235  34  (14)  86  341  137  57  (15)  80  259  81  98 
Total (A)  5,053  7 ,501  (225)  2,601  14,931  1,812  562  (212)  2,406  4,568  10,363  3,242 
B) Leased assets
Leasehold land  170  -    -    -    170  35  -    -    -    35  135  135 
Leasehold improvements  435  173  -    -    608  93  150  -    -    243  365  342 
Total (B)  605  173  -    -    778  128  150  -    -    279  500  477 
Total ( A + B )  5,658  7 ,674  (225)  2,601  15,709  1,940  712  (212)  2,406  4,847  10,863  3,7 19 
Note : Refer Note 10.a. for information on property, plant and equipment hypothecated as security by the group.
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 2024-25
===== PDF PAGE 135 =====
228
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Note 3.b. Right of use assets
A. Group as lessee: 
  The Group has taken office premises under lease arrangements. 
  i)  The details of the right of use assets held by the Group is as follows:  
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  Building 
Balance as at April 01, 2023  8,381 
Additions (net)  8,519 
Adjustment on account of acquisition of subsidiary (net of depreciation)  26 
Depreciation charged during the year  (5,375)
Balance as at March 31, 2024  11,552 
Balance as at April 01, 2024  11,552 
Additions (net)  12,364 
Depreciation charged during the year  (6,193)
Balance as at March 31, 2025  17 ,723 
 ii)  Set out below are the carrying amounts of lease liabilities and the movemen t during the year:
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  Amount 
Balance as at April 01, 2023  9,590 
On account of acquisition of subsidiary  58 
Recognised during the year  8,597 
Unwinding of discount on lease liabilities  1,512 
Accretion of interest  147 
Payments during the year  (4,624)
Written back during the year  (1,597)
Effects of measurements/ other adjustments  (749)
Balance as at March 31, 2024  12,934 
Current liabilities  5,168 
Non current liabilities  7 ,766 
Balance as at April 01, 2024  12,934 
Recognised during the year  12,902 
Unwinding of discount on lease liabilities  1,872 
Accretion of interest  130 
Payments during the year  (7 ,156)
Written back during the year  (1,449)
Balance as at March 31, 2025  19,233 
Current liabilities  6,491 
Non current liabilities  12,742 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
229
 (iii) Maturity analysis of lease liabilities
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars Year ended  
March 31, 2025 
Year ended 
March 31, 2024 
Less than one year  6,491  5,168 
One to five years  12,185  7 ,766 
More than five years  557  -   
Total  19,233  12,934 
 (iv)  Amounts recognised in Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss account
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars Year ended  
March 31, 2025 
Year ended 
March 31, 2024 
Interest on lease liabilities  2,046  1,736 
Depreciation expenses on right of use assets  6,193  5,375 
Expenses relating to short-term leases  1,862  1,641 
Rent concession and liabilities no longer required written back  (1,028)  (1,068)
Total  9,073  7 ,684 
 (v)  Amounts recognised in Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars Year ended  
March 31, 2025 
Year ended 
March 31, 2024 
Total cash outflow for leases (including short term lease)  (7 ,050)  (7 ,925)
Total  (7 ,050)  (7 ,925)
B.  Group as lessor :          
 The Group has given certain premises on lease
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars Year ended  
March 31, 2025 
Year ended 
March 31, 2024 
Rent income  16,547  12,616 
Total  16,547  12,616 
Note 3.c. Goodwill on consolidation
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at 
March 31, 2024 
Goodwill on consolidation  17 ,425  17 ,425 
Summary of acquistions on which goodwill recognised
(i)  K2V2 Technologies Private Limited ( K2V2) w.e.f. October 01, 2021
(ii)  Monk Tech Labs Pte. Limited (MonkTech) w.e.f March 15, 2022
(iii)  Helloworld Technologies India Private Limited (Helloworld) w.e.f June 17 , 2022
(iv)  Integrow Asset Management Private Limited ( Integrow) w.e.f September 01, 2022
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 
2024-25
===== PDF PAGE 136 =====
230
(v)  Aurum Analytica Private Limited (Analytica) w.e.f October 15, 2022
(vi)  NestAway Technologies Private Limited (NestAway) w.e.f July 13, 2023
(A)   Details of the fair value of identifiable assets and liabilities acquired, purchase consideration and goodwill are as 
follows:
 (i)  Assets and liabilities recognised as a result of acquisition
Particulars K2V2 MonkTech Helloworld Integrow  Analytica  NestAway Total
Fair value 
of assets 
recognised
 3,006  1,377  6,795  607  439  5,980  18,204 
Fair value 
of liabilities 
recognised
 913  422  7 ,371  153  155  7 ,297  16,311 
Net identifiable 
assets acquired
 2,093  955  (576)  454  284  (1,317)  1,893 
(ii)  Purchase consideration
Particulars K2V2 MonkTech Helloworld Integrow  Analytica  NestAway Total
Purchase 
consideration 
paid
 1,800  768  3,811  829  1,850  8,318  17 ,376 
Total  1,800  768  3,811  829  1,850  8,318  17 ,376 
(iii)  Calculation of goodwill
Particulars K2V2 MonkTech Helloworld Integrow  Analytica  NestAway Total
Purchase 
consideration 
paid
 1,800  768  3,811  829  1,850  8,318  17 ,376 
Non-controlling 
interest in the 
acquired entity
 1,163  563  -    231  -    -    1,957 
Reversal of loss - 
as an associate
 (15)  -    -    -    -    -    (15)
Less: Net 
identifiable 
(assets) / 
liabilities 
acquired
 (2,093)  (955)  576  (454)  (284)  1,317  (1,893)
Goodwill on 
consolidation
 855  376  4,387  606  1,566  9,635  17 ,425 
(iv)  Accounting policy choice for non-controlling interest    
 The group recognises non-controlling interests in acquired entity either at the fair value or at the noncontrolling 
interests proportionate share of acquired entity’s identifiable net assets. This decision is made on an acquisition 
to acquisition basis. The group has recognised non-controlling interest based on p roportionate share of 
acquired entity’s identifiable net assets. 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
231
(v)  The assets and liabilities have been recorded at fair value based on the purchase price allocation conducted by 
an independent valuer. The Group has recorded these fair values and resultant goodwill and intangible assets 
as per Ind AS 103.  
(B) Impairment test for goodwill 
Goodwill is tested for impairment annually on 31st March every year. As a resul t of goodwill impairment test, no 
goodwill impairment was identified as the recoverable value of the CGUs to whom goodwill was allocated exceeded 
their carrying amounts.
The present value of the expected cash flows of each segment is determined by applying a suitable discount rate 
reflecting current market assessments of the time value of money  and risks specific to the segment. The key 
assumptions used for the calculations are as follows:
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  As at  
March 31, 2025 
 As at  
March 31, 2024 
Long- term growth rate 4-5% 4-5%
Discount rate 13.87- 21.40% 13.87- 21.40%
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 
2024-25
===== PDF PAGE 137 =====
232 Note 3.d. Intangible assets
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars
 Gross carrying amount Accumulated amortisation  Net carrying amount 
As at  
April 01, 2024 
 Additions/ 
Adjustments 
 Deductions  On account of 
acquisition of 
subsidiary 
As at March 
31, 2025
As at  
April 01, 2024 
 For the year Deductions  As at March 
31, 2025 
 As at March 
31, 2025 
As at  
April 01, 2024 
Owned assets
Web applications  304  -    -    -    304  43  61  -    104  200  261 
Software  3,568  1,801  (541)  -    4,828  943  688  (315)  1,316  3,512  2,625 
Customer 
relationships
 2,305  -    -    -    2,305  800  461  -    1,261  1,044  1,505 
Brand/ Trade name  1,564  1,564  111  157  -    268  1,296  1,453 
Total  7 ,741  1,801  (541)  -    9,001  1,897  1,367  (315)  2,949  6,052  5,844 
Particulars
 Gross carrying amount Accumulated amortisation  Net carrying amount 
As at  
April 01, 2023
 Additions/ 
Adjustments 
 Deductions  On account of 
acquisition of 
subsidiary 
 As at March 
31, 2024
As at  
April 01, 2023
 For the year Deductions  As at March 
31, 2024 
 As at March 
31, 2024 
As at  
April 01, 2023 
Owned assets
Web applications  -    -    -    304  304  -    43  -    43  261  -   
Software  2,316  1,268  (16)  -    3,568  382  565  (4)  943  2,625  1,934 
Customer 
relationships
 2,021  -    -    284  2,305  355  445  -    800  1,505  1,665 
Brand/ Trade name  -    -    -    1,564  1,564  -    111  -    111  1,453  -   
Total  4,337  1,268  (16)  2,152  7 ,741  737  1,164  (4)  1,897  5,844  3,599 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
233
Note 3.e. Intangible assets under development
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at  
April 01, 2024 
 Additions  Transfer to 
intangible assets 
 As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at 
April 01, 2023 
 Additions  Transfer to 
intangible assets 
 As at  
March 31, 2024 
Software  1,636  1,080  (1,538)  1,178  164  1,472  -    1,636 
Total  1,636  1,080  (1,538)  1,178  164  1,472  -    1,636 
(i)  Ageing schedule
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars
As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
Less than  
1 year
1-2 years 2-3 
 years
More than  
3 years
Total Less than  
1 year
1-2 years 2-3 
 years
More than  
3 years
Total
Projects in progress  715  355  98  10  1,178  1,472  98  66  -    1,636 
Total  715  355  98  10  1,178  1,472  98  66  -    1,636 
(ii)   There are no projects as Intangible assets under development as at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, whose completion is overdue or cost of 
which has exceeded in comparison to its original plan.  
Note:               
(a)  Intangible assets as at 31 March 2025 and 31 March 2024 includes software’s being developed internally. 
(b)   The Group is in the process of developing new products whose feasibility  has been established and enhancing and increasing functionality of 
existing technology / software with a clear objective of deriving future economic benefit from the same. In the process the Group during the year 
ended March 31, 2025, has capitalised ` 1,080 Lakhs (` 1,472 Lakhs in 2023-24) in Intangible assets under development mainly on account of cost 
incurred on its own product team and management team directly involved. These are initially treated as Intangible assets under development and 
on completion transferred to Intangible assets. 
(c)  The Group has not revalued its intangible assets during the current year and previous year.
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 
2024-25
===== PDF PAGE 138 =====
234
Note 4.a. Investments
Note 4.a.1 Non - current investments
(A)  Investment in debentures (at amortised cost)
As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
Number 
of shares/ 
debentures
Face value 
per share/ 
debenture
Amount Number 
of shares/ 
debentures
Face value 
per share/ 
debenture
Amount
Unquoted, fully paid-up, face 
value in `
15% Non- convertible debentures of 
Pranami Neev Realty Limited
 70  10,00,000  700  -    -    -   
 700  -   
(B) Investments in equity shares measured at fair value through other comprehensive in come
As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
Number 
of shares/ 
debentures
Face value 
per share/ 
debenture
Amount Number 
of shares/ 
debentures
Face value 
per share/ 
debenture
Amount
In other companies
Unquoted, fully paid-up, face 
value in `
Kylas Technologies Private Limited  1,500  10  0  1,400  10  0 
Imogentechno Delta Park Private 
Limited
 10,000  10  1  -    -    -   
Wisetechno Private Limited  10,000  10  1  -    -    -   
Total of investments measured 
at fair value through Other 
comprehensive income 
 2  0 
Total (A)+(B)  702  0 
Aggregate amount of:
Unquoted investments  702  0 
Quoted investmemts and market 
value thereof
 -    -   
Impairment in value of investments  -    -   
Note 4.a.2 Financial assets- current investments
As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
Number of 
units
Face value 
per unit
Amount Number of 
units
Face value 
per unit
Amount
(A)  Investments in units 
measured at fair value 
through Profit and Loss
(i)  In other companies
Quoted,fully paid-up,  
face value in `
Aditya Birla Sun Life 
Liquid Fund- Direct- 
Growth Plan
 -    -    -   102 100 0.10
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
235
As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
Number of 
units
Face value 
per unit
Amount Number of 
units
Face value 
per unit
Amount
Unquoted, fully paid-up, face 
value in `
Integrow Real Estate Special 
Situation Fund
 2,647  1,00,000  3,217  1,500  1,00,000  1,500 
Total (A)  3,217  1,500 
(B)  Investments measured at 
amortised cost 
Other Investments- Unquoted
ICICI Bank FDR ( lien marked 
with ICICI credit card)
 -   12
15% Non- convertible 
debentures of Pranami Neev 
Realty Limited
6  10,00,000  60  -    -    -   
15% Non- convertible 
debentures of Peer Realty  
Pvt Ltd
99  10,00,000  990 100  10,00,000  1,000 
Total (B)  1,050 1,012
Total (A)+(B)  4,267  2,512 
Imogentechno Delta Park Private Limited and Wisetechno Private Limited
These two entities were formed in 2023-24 with an investment of ` 1 lakh each as special purpose vehicles for the 
Fractional Ownership business under YieldWiseX. With the onboarding of external inves tors during the 2024-25, the 
Board control of these entities has been transferred, and therefore they are no longer treated as subsidiaries.
Note 4.b. Non-current financial assets - others 
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  As at  
 March 31, 2025 
 As at  
March 31, 2024 
Unsecured, considered good  
Long term deposits with banks  153  - 
Security deposits  3,477  3,051 
Amount paid under dispute (refer note (i) and (ii) below)  78  - 
Total  3,708  3,051 
i)  One of the subsidiary company (“the said Company”) is involved in various claims / ar bitration proceedings 
amounting to ` 654.12 Lakhs relating to furniture hired by the Company in prior years. During the year, the Company 
has received an order from Mumbai Centre of International Arbitration (MCIA) which directs th e Company to pay 
` 308.47 Lakhs to one of the furniture vendor. Provisions amounting to ` 305.79 Lakhs are carried in the books 
as at March 31, 2025, in this regard. Further, Company has filed an appeal with Comm ercial Court, Bengaluru and 
deposited ` 77 .12 Lakhs towards the appeal. Considering that the Company also has certain counter claims against 
such vendor, management believes that such provisions would be adequate to settle the claims that may devolve on 
the Company. 
ii)  Further the subsidiary company is involved in various claims covering commercial matt ers which arise from time 
to time in the ordinary course of business and certain claims from the electricity department against the owners of 
residential premises, where the Company is involved as an agent. An amount of ` 0.77 Lakhs has been paid under 
dispute in this regard. However, based on legal opinion obtained and internal assessment made, the management of 
the Company is confident that the claim is not tenable and accordingly no adjustment has been made to the Ind AS 
Financial Statements. 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 
2024-25
===== PDF PAGE 139 =====
236
Note 4.c. Trade receivables
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  As at  
 March 31, 2025 
 As at  
March 31, 2024 
Unsecured  
Considered good  2,899  2,323 
Significant increase in credit risk  109  159 
Less : Provision for trade receivables which have significant increase in 
credit risk
 (109)  (159)
Total  2,899  2,323 
Trade receivables ageing schedules for the year ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 outstanding from the due 
date of payment:
Unsecured, considered good
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  As at  
 March 31, 2025 
 As at  
March 31, 2024 
Not due  11  7 
Less than 6 months  1,482  1,641 
6 months - 1 year  611  475 
1-2 year  626  174 
2- 3 years  160  12 
More than 3 years  9  14 
Total  2,899  2,323 
Unsecured, significant increase in credit risk
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  As at  
 March 31, 2025 
 As at  
March 31, 2024 
Not due  -    - 
Less than 6 months  12  - 
6 months - 1 year  70  - 
1-2 year  8  159 
2- 3 years  19  - 
More than 3 years  -    - 
Total  109  159 
Note - The Group does not have any disputed trade receivables.
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
237
Note 4.d. Cash and cash equivalents
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  As at  
 March 31, 2025 
 As at  
March 31, 2024 
Cash and cash equivalents consists of the followings:  
Balances with banks  
Current accounts  561  505 
Fixed deposit with orginal maturity for less than 3 months  404  221 
Total  965  726 
Note 4.e. Bank balances other than cash and cash equivalents
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  As at  
 March 31, 2025 
 As at  
March 31, 2024 
Fixed deposits with original maturity for more than 3 months but less than 12 
months
 753  836 
Earmarked balances with banks
Unclaimed dividend account  714  732 
ESOP deposits and call money received on rights issue  87  - 
Total  1,554  1,568 
Note 4.f. Loans (Current)
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  As at  
 March 31, 2025 
 As at  
March 31, 2024 
Unsecured, considered good  
Loans  234  - 
Total  234  - 
Notes:        
(i)   Loans or advances in the nature of loans are granted to Promoters, Directors, KMPs and the Related parties (as 
defined under Companies Act, 2013,) either severally or jointly with any other person are as below:
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Type of borrower  As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
Amount 
outstanding
% of Total Amount 
outstanding
% of Total
Promoter  -  -    -  -   
Directors  -  -    -  -   
KMPs  -  -    -  -   
Related Parties  234 100%  -  -   
Total  234 100%  -    -   
(ii)  Loan to related parties carries a interest rate of 9.25% per annum and tenure of 2 years 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 
2024-25
===== PDF PAGE 140 =====
238
Note 4.g. Current financial assets - others
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  As at  
 March 31, 2025 
 As at  
March 31, 2024 
Unsecured, considered good  
In fixed deposit with original maturity for more than 3 months but less than 12 
months
 -  8 
Interest accrued on deposits  31  39 
Interest accrued on loan (refer note 21)  25  - 
Security deposits  464  245 
Other receivables  239  2 
Total  759  294 
Note 5.a. Deferred tax assets
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  Year ended  
March 31, 2025 
 Year ended  
March 31, 2024 
Deferred tax assets  
On property, plant and equipment and intangible assets  196  173 
On business loss  2,791  2,691 
On provision for employee benefits  90  45 
On lease liabilities and right of use assets  343  -   
On provision for doubtful debts & disallowances under income tax  24  31 
Total  3,444  2,939 
Deferred tax liabilities
On lease liabilities, right of use assets and lease equalisation  83  27 
On provision for employee benefits  2 
On property, plant and equipment and intangible assets  486  563 
Total  571  590 
Deferred tax assets / (liabilities), net  2,873  2,349 
Reconciliation of deferred tax assets/ (liabilities) (net): 
Opening balance  2,349  1,654 
Tax assets recognised in Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss  519  1,220 
On re-measurement losses of post employment benefit obligation  4  17 
On acquisition of subsidiary  -    (542)
Closing balance  2,872  2,349 
Deferred tax assets to be recognised in Consolidated Balance Sheet: 
Deferred tax assets  3,444  1,243 
Deferred tax liabilities  (571)  (6)
Total  2,873  (1,237)
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
239
Note 5.b. Income tax assets
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  As at  
 March 31, 2025 
 As at  
March 31, 2024 
Advance income tax including tax deducted at source (non current)  551  971 
Advance income tax including tax deducted at source (current)  114  -   
Total  665  971 
Provision for income tax (current)  80  - 
Total  80  - 
Note 5.c. Income tax expenses
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  As at  
 March 31, 2025 
 As at  
March 31, 2024 
Current tax  212  35 
Taxation in respect of earlier years  (17)  -   
Deferred tax benefit  (519)  (1,220)
Total  (324)  (1,185)
Note 5.d. Reconciliation of tax charge:
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  As at  
 March 31, 2025 
 As at  
March 31, 2024 
Loss before tax  (4,447)  (7 ,636)
Statutory Income tax rate 25.17% 25.17%
Income tax (credit) / expense on the same at tax rates applicable  (1,119)  (1,922)
Tax effects of :
Items not deductible to tax  231  64 
Deferred tax not recognised on losses during the year  702  511 
Deferred tax/ current tax adjustments of previous year/s  (90)  145 
Others  (48)  -   
Income tax credit  (324)  (1,185)
Note 6. Other non-current assets
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  As at  
 March 31, 2025 
 As at  
March 31, 2024 
Prepaid expenses  58  76 
Balance with statutory authorities  39  - 
Lease equalisation  352  134 
Total  449  210 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 
2024-25
===== PDF PAGE 141 =====
240
Note 7.  Other current assets
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  As at  
 March 31, 2025 
 As at  
March 31, 2024 
Balance with statutory authorities  725  724 
Advance to vendors  354  516 
Unbilled revenue  1,221  551 
Loan to employees  1  14 
Prepaid expenses  245  218 
Others  40  1,098 
Total  2,586  3,121 
Note 8. Equity share capital
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at 
March 31, 2024 
Authorised share capital
20,00,00,000  Equity shares of ` 5/- each fully paid  10,000  10,000 
(March 31, 2024 : 20,00,00,000 Equity shares of ` 5/- each fully paid )
Total  10,000  10,000 
Issued, subscribed and paid up capital
2,92,73,456  Equity shares of ` 5/- each fully paid  1,463  1,456 
(March 31, 2024 : 2,91,30,356 Equity shares of ` 5/- each fully paid )
4,29,44,533 Equity shares of ` 5/- each, ` 3.12/- paid-up  1,341  537 
(March 31, 2024 : 4,29,44,533 Equity shares of ` 5/- each, ` 1.25/- paid-up )
Less : Calls unpaid  (48)  - 
(Refer note c below )
Total  2,756  1,993 
(a)  Reconciliation of equity shares outstanding at the beginning and at the end of the year
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
 No. of shares  Amount   No. of shares  Amount  
Outstanding at the beginning of the year  7 ,20,74,889  1,993  7 ,15,74,222  1,968 
Add : Shares issued on exercise of employee 
stock options 
 1,43,100  8  5,00,667  25 
Add : Call money received  -    755  -    -   
Outstanding at the end of the year  7 ,22,17 ,989  2,756  7 ,20,74,889  1,993 
(b)  Rights, preferences and restrictions attached to shares:   
Equity Shares: The Company has only one class of equity shares having par value of ` 5/- per share. The holder 
of the equity share is entitled to dividend right and voting right in the same  proportion as the capital paid-up on 
such equity share bears to the total paid-up equity share capital of the Comp any. The Company declares and 
pays dividend in Indian rupees. The dividend proposed by the Board of Directors is subject  to the approval of the 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
241
shareholders in the ensuing Annual General Meeting, except in case of interim dividend. In the event of liquidation, 
the equity shareholders are eligible to receive the remaining assets of the Company in the same proportion as the 
capital paid-up on the equity shares held by them bears to the total paid-up equity share capital of the Company.
(c)  Issue of shares under Rights Issue:        
The Company had issued 4,29,44,533 equity shares of face value of ` 5/- each on right basis (‘Rights Equity 
Shares’). In accordance with the terms of issue, ` 20/- ( including a premium of ` 18.75/- per share) i.e. 25% of the 
Issue Price per Rights Equity Share, was received from the concerned all ottees on application and shares were 
allotted. The Company has made First call of ` 30/- per Rights Equity Share (including a premium of ` 28.13/- per 
share) in March 2024. As on March 31, 2025, an aggregate amount of ` 764/- Lakhs (including premium amount of  
` 716 Lakhs) is unpaid. The trading of 4,03,99,270 partly paid shares were effective from May 07 , 2024.
The Company has made Second and Final call of ` 30/- per Rights Equity Share (including a premium of ` 28.12/- per 
share) in March 2025 alongwith a reminder for the first call unpaid. The last date of payment of call money is April 
30, 2025.       
 Utilisation of funds received under Rights Issue :       
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars Year ended  
March 31, 2025
Year ended  
March 31, 2024
Year ended  
March 31, 2023
Source of funds
Opening unutilised fund  -    415  -   
Proceeds from issue  12,120  -    8,589 
Interest earned  8  -    59 
Utilisation of funds
Payment towards :
Issue expenses  3  -    397 
Product development  89  40  287 
Product marketing  63  20  -   
Identified Investments  2,150  355  5,698 
Funding inorganic growth initiatives and general corporate 
purpose
 9,823  -    1,850 
Unutilised funds  -    -    415 
(d)  Details of shares held by shareholders holding more than 5% of the aggregate shares in the Company: 
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Name of the shareholder As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
 Number of 
shares 
 % of holding in 
the class 
 Number of 
shares 
 % of holding in 
the class 
Aurum RealEstate Developers Limited  3,60,32,859 49.90%  3,60,32,859 49.99%
(formerly known as Aurum Platz IT Private 
Limited)
Total  3,60,32,859 49.90%  3,60,32,859 49.99%
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 
2024-25
===== PDF PAGE 142 =====
242
(e)  Change in shareholding of promoters are disclosed below:
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Name of promoters Number of 
shares
 % Total shares  % Changes 
during the year 
Year ended March 31, 2025 
Aurum RealEstate Developers Limited 
(formerly known as Aurum Platz IT Private Limited)
 3,60,32,859 49.90% -0.09%
Year ended March 31, 2024    
Aurum RealEstate Developers Limited 
(formerly known as Aurum Platz IT Private Limited)
 3,60,32,859 49.99% -0.35%
(f)  No class of shares have been issued as bonus shares or for consideration oth er than cash by the Company in last 5 
years.  
(g) Shares reserved for issue under options as at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, were 15,89,615 and 17 ,07 ,375 
respectively. 
Note 9. Other equity
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
(A) Securities premium
Opening balance  22,199  21,551 
On exercise of employee stock options  106  167 
Transfer from stock options outstanding account  97  481 
Received on rights issue  11,348  -   
Closing balance  33,750  22,199 
(B) ESOP deposits and share call money account
Opening balance  -    -   
Received on rights issue - pending allotment  85  -   
Received on exercise of ESOPs - pending allotment  2  -   
Closing balance  87  -   
(C) Capital redemption reserve 79 79
(D) Stock options outstanding account
Opening balance  1,083  347 
Employee stock options granted to employees  614  1,217 
Transferred to securities premium  (97)  (481)
Closing balance  1,600  1,083 
(E) Retained earnings
Opening balance (7 ,320) (1,697) 
Net loss for the current year (3,337) (5,575) 
Other comprehensive loss (25) (48) 
Investment in subsidiaries  (65)  -   
Subsidiaries no longer consolidated  (93)  -   
Closing balance (10,840) (7 ,320)
(F) Foreign currency translation reserve - OCI
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
243
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Opening balance 4 7
Net loss for the current year  (1)  (3)
Closing balance 3 4
Total  24,679 16,045
Note 10.a. Borrowings 
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
 Particulars   As at March 31, 2025  As at March 31, 2024 
 Non-current  Current  Non-current  Current 
Secured - at amortised cost
Term loan - LRD from Axis Bank (Refer note 10.a.1)  3,922  150  4,072  121 
Term loan - LRD from Axis Bank (Refer note 10.a.2)  2,075  66  -    -   
OD FD -ICICI Bank (Refer note 10.a.3)  -    89  -    81 
OD FD - Axis Bank (Refer note 10.a.3)  -    152  -    97 
Term loan - Axis Bank (Refer note 10.a.4)  -    -    -    4,301 
Term loan- LRD from Bajaj Housing Finance 
Limited (Refer note 10.a.5) 
 4,767  131 
Term loan - HDFC Bank (Refer note 10.a.6)  10  9  18  7 
Less: Unamortised portion of ancillary borrowing 
cost 
 (44)  -    (30)  -   
Total (A)  5,963  466  8,827  4,738 
Unsecured 
Loan from related parties (Refer note 10.a.7 and 
21) 
 1,597  -    4,660  350 
Loan from others (Refer note 10.a.8)  45  30  69  746 
Total (B)  1,642  30  4,729  1,096 
Total (A+B)  7 ,605  496  13,556  5,834 
10.a.1 - Secured Term Loan under Lease Rental Discounting (LRD) from Axis Bank 
The Company has taken loan from Axis Bank amounting  ` 4,263 Lakhs in 2023-24
Interest rate:         
Repo rate + 2.50% p.a 
Security details:         
Hypothecation of entire current assets and lease rentals, both present and future on exclusive basis and collateral of 
commercial property located at plot no P-136 and P-136 1, MIDC TTC Industrial Area, Thane Belapur Road, Navi Mumbai, 
Thane, Maharshtra owned by the Company.
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 
2024-25
===== PDF PAGE 143 =====
244
Repayment schedule : 
Within one year (` Lakhs)  150 
After one year but not more than 5 years (` Lakhs)  1,127 
More than 5 years (` Lakhs)  2,795 
10.a.2 - Secured term loan under Lease Rental Discounting (LRD) from Axis Bank
The Company has taken loan from Axis Bank amounting ` 2,192 Lakhs in FY 2024 - 25
Interest rate:         
Repo rate + 2.50% p.a  
Security details:         
Hypothecation of entire current assets and lease rentals, both present and future on exclusive basis and collateral of 
commercial property located at plot no P-136 and P-136 1, MIDC TTC Industrial Area, Thane Belapur Road, Navi Mumbai, 
Thane, Maharshtra owned by the Company. 
Repayment schedule
Within one year (` Lakhs)  66 
After one year but not more than 5 years (` Lakhs)  567 
More than 5 years (` Lakhs)  1,508 
10.a.3 - Overdraft against fixed deposit (OD FD)
(i)  ICICI Bank         
 The Company has taken OD facility from ICICI Bank amounting ` 90 Lakhs.  
 Interest rate:         
 7 .45% p.a        
 Security details:        
 Secured by fixed deposit ` 105 Lakhs. 
(ii)  Axis Bank         
 The Company has taken OD facility from ICICI Bank amounting ` 180 Lakhs. 
 Interest rate:         
 7 .70% p.a        
 Security details:        
 Secured by fixed deposit ` 215 Lakhs. 
10.a.4 - Term loan- Axis Bank 
During the year, the Company has repaid the Term loan of ` 4,300 Lakhs to Axis Bank Limited.  
Interest rate:         
Repo rate + 2.50% p.a         
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
245
Security details:         
Hypothecation of entire current assets, both present and future on exclusive basis and collateral of commercial property 
located at plot no P-136 and P-136 1, MIDC TTC Industrial Area, Thane B elapur Road, Navi Mumbai, Thane, Maharshtra 
owned by the Company. 
10.a.5 - Secured Term Loan under Lease Rental Discounting (LRD) from Bajaj Finance 
During 2023-24, subsidiary companies Imogentechno Delta Park Private Limited and Wisetechno Private Limited, taken 
loan from Bajaj Finance amounting to ` 4,910 Lakhs repayable in 193 monthly installments starting from March 15, 2024. 
As at March 31, 2025, both the companies are no longer getting consolidated.   
10.a.6 - Unsecured Business Loan from HDFC Bank 
a.  Interest rate: 16 %        
b.  Repayment schedule
Within one year (` Lakhs)  8 
After one year but not more than 5 years (` Lakhs)  11 
More than 5 years (` Lakhs)  -   
10.a.7 - Unsecured loan from related parties
Loan from related parties carries interest rate of 10.30% p.a (9.00-10.00% p.a. in 2023-24).  
10.a.8 - Unsecured loan from others
Loan from others carries interest rate of 11.50-13.00% p.a.
Note 10.b. Other financial liabilities 
Note 10.b.1 - Other non-current financial liabilities 
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at 
March 31, 2024 
Security deposits  234  141 
Total  234  141 
Note 10.b.2 - Other financial liabilities - current 
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at 
March 31, 2024 
Capital creditors  13  13 
Advance received from tenants  214  138 
Employee related payables  384  902 
Interest accrued on borrowings (Refer note 21)  31  121 
Provision for expenses  1,507  1,966 
Unclaimed special dividend*  713  732 
Security deposits  3,603  3,678 
Other payables  51  79 
Total  6,516  7 ,629 
 * During the year, the Company has transferred ` 2 Lakhs to Investor’s Education and Protection Fund (IEPF) and there is 
no amount due and outstanding as at Balance Sheet date to be credited to the fund.
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 
2024-25
===== PDF PAGE 144 =====
246
Note 10.c. Trade payables 
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at 
March 31, 2024 
Total outstanding dues of micro and small enterprises  104  207 
Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro and small enterprises  3,146  3,262 
Total outstanding dues of disputed trade creditors including micro and small 
enterprises 
 -    -   
 Total  3,250  3,469 
Trade payable ageing schedule for other than MSME 
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  As at  
 March 31, 2025 
 As at  
March 31, 2024 
Unbilled  -    -   
Not due  19  -   
Less than 1 year  83  207 
1-2 Years  2  -   
2-3 Years  -    -   
More than 3 Years  -    -   
Total   104  207 
Trade payable ageing schedule for MSME 
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  As at  
 March 31, 2025 
 As at  
March 31, 2024 
Unbilled  -    -   
Not due  216  141 
Less than 1 year  2,487  2,880 
1-2 years  365  18 
2-3 years  67  223 
More than 3 years  11  -   
Total  3,146  3,262 
Note 11. Provisions 
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars   As at March 31, 2025  As at March 31, 2024 
 Non-current  Current  Non-current  Current 
Provision for employee benefits (refer note 15.a) 
Provision for gratuity (funded)  79  8  110  10 
Provision for gratuity (unfunded)  381  68  260  61 
Provision for leave encashment (funded)  -    -    -    -   
Provision for leave encashment (unfunded)  45  22  49  19 
 Total  505  98  419  91 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
247
Note 12.a. Other non-current liabilities 
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at 
March 31, 2024 
Deferred income on discounting of financial instruments  63  43 
Total  63  43 
Note 12.b. Other current liabilities 
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025 
As at 
March 31, 2024 
Advance from customers  292  272 
Statutory dues payable  472  577 
Unearned revenue  160  683 
Total  924  1,532 
Note 13. Revenue from operations
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  Year ended  
March 31, 2025 
 Year ended  
March 31, 2024 
Information technology services  9,682  8,618 
Rent income  16,547  12,616 
Expenses recovered from customers  155  171 
Total  26,384  21,405 
Note 13.a. Disaggregate revenue information
  The table below presents disaggregated revenues from contracts with customers for the year ended March 31, 2025 and 
March 31, 2024 by offerings and contract-type. The Group believes that this disaggregation best depicts how the nature, 
amount, timing and uncertainty of our revenues and cash flows are affected b y industry, market and other economic 
factors. 
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  Year ended  
March 31, 2025 
 Year ended  
March 31, 2024 
Revenue by offerings :
Information technology services  9,682  8,618 
Rent and related income  16,702  12,787 
Total  26,384  21,405 
Timings of revenue recognition
Services transferred at a point in time  4,645  3,660 
Services transferred over time  21,739  17 ,745 
Total  26,384  21,405 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 
2024-25
===== PDF PAGE 145 =====
248
Note 14. Other income
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  Year ended  
March 31, 2025 
 Year ended  
March 31, 2024 
Interest income from financial assets at amortised cost:
Deposits  278  267 
Debentures  214  319 
Interest on income tax refund*  78  186 
Rent concession and liabilities no longer required written back  1,028  1,068 
Reversal of compensated absences expenses  -    3 
Profit on sale of property, plant and equipment  0  8 
Profit on sale and revaluation of current investments (mutual funds)  38  5 
Reversal of provisions  441  2 
Gain on foreign currency transactions and translations  11  10 
Miscellaneous income  26  34 
Total  2,114  1,902 
 * Interest on income tax refund pertains to A.Y. 2016-17 and  2024-25, received during the financial year 24-25. The same 
has been recognised as income on receipt basis.
Note 15. Employee benefit expense
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  Year ended  
March 31, 2025 
 Year ended  
March 31, 2024 
Salaries, wages, bonus and other allowances  6,551  6,971 
Contribution to provident fund, ESI and other funds (Refer note 15.a)  242  262 
Gratuity expenses (Refer note 15.a)  165  134 
Compensated absence expenses (Refer note 15.a)  9  15 
Share based payments (Refer note 15.b)  613  1,217 
Staff welfare expenses  280  216 
Total  7 ,860  8,814 
Note 15.a. Employee benefits 
(A)   Defined contribution plans
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  Year ended  
March 31, 2025 
 Year ended  
March 31, 2024 
During the year, the Group has recognised the following amounts in the 
Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss
Contribution to provident fund  203  240 
Contribution to superannuation fund  3  2 
Contribution to national pension scheme  30  20 
Other contributions  6  -   
Total  242  262 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
249
(B)  Defined benefit plans - Gratuity
  The Group sponsors funded & unfunded defined benefit plans for qualifying employees. The defin ed benefit plans 
are administered by Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) and every year the required contr ibution amount is 
paid to LIC. Under the Gratuity plan, the eligible employees are entitled t o post-retirement benefit at the rate of 
15 days salary for each year of service until the retirement age of 58. The v esting period for Gratuity as payable 
under The Payment of Gratuity Act is 5 years. The employee defined plan assets/ (liability) has been determined by 
actuary as per the provisions of IND AS 19 “Employee benefits”.
 i)  Actuarial assumptions
  The principal assumptions used for the purposes of actuarial valuation were as f ollows:
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  Year ended   
March 31, 2025 
Year ended   
March 31, 2024
Discount rate (per annum) 6.50%-7% 7 .00%- 7 .28%
Rate of increase in salary 7%-25% 7% - 15%
10% of first two 
years and 8% 
thereafter
Expected average remaining working lives of employees (years) 3.17-35.47 4.97 - 36.88
Attrition rate (across various age groups) 0-65.85% 7 - 65.68%
Expected rate of return on plan assets 0-7% 0.00% -7 .24%
 ii)  Changes in the present value of defined benefit obligation
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  Year ended   
March 31, 2025 
Year ended   
March 31, 2024
Present value of obligation at the beginning of the year  467  192 
On (disposal)/ acquisition of subsidiary  (49)  169 
Current service cost  132  106 
Interest on defined benefit obligation  33  28 
Actuarial loss on obligations  32  45 
Benefits paid  (40)  (74)
Present value of obligation at the end of the year  575  467 
 iii)  Change in fair value of assets
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  Year ended   
March 31, 2025 
Year ended   
March 31, 2024
Fair value of plan assets at the beginning of the year  25  19 
Expected return on plan assets  2  1 
Actuarial gain on plan assets  1  -   
Employer's contribution  19  19 
Benefits paid  (8)  (14)
Actuarial loss  -    (0)
Fair value of plan assets at the end of the year  39  25 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 
2024-25
===== PDF PAGE 146 =====
250
 iv)  Expense recognised as employee benefits expense in the Consolidated Statement of Profit an d Loss
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  Year ended   
March 31, 2025 
Year ended   
March 31, 2024
Current service cost  132  106 
Interest on net defined benefit liability / (asset)  33  28 
Total  165  134 
 v)  Expense / (income) recognised as OCI in the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  Year ended   
March 31, 2025 
Year ended   
March 31, 2024
Remeasurements during the year due to:
Changes in demographic assumptions  (6)  38 
Changes in financial assumptions  27  (13)
Experience adjustments  11  20 
Actual return on plan assets less expected interest on plan assets  (0)  - 
Total  32  45 
 vi) Assets and liabilities recognised in the Consolidated Balance Sheet
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  Year ended   
March 31, 2025 
Year ended   
March 31, 2024
Present value of funded defined benefit obligation  575  467 
Fair value of plan assets  (39)  (25)
Net liability  536  442 
vii) Expected contribution to the fund in the next year  59  55 
 viii)  Sensitivity analysis        
  Gratuity is a lump sum plan and the cost of providing these benefits is t ypically less sensitive to small changes 
in demographic assumptions. The key actuarial assumptions to which the benefit obliga tion results are 
particularly sensitive to are discount rate and expected salary increase. A quantitative sensitivity analysis for 
significant assumptions is furnished below :
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Impact on defined benefit obligation 
Holding company
As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
In (%) In ` In (%) In `
Discount rate
0.5% increase (3.58)%  50 (3.85)%  42 
0.5% decrease 3.82%  53 4.13%  46 
Rate of increase in salary
0.5% increase 4.20%  54 4.13%  46 
0.5% decrease (3.58)%  49 (3.88)%  42 
Component Subsidiary Companies
Discount rate
0.5-1% increase (11.30)-(3.23)%  341 (11.14)-7 .19%  100 
0.5-1% decrease 3.40-13.67%  423 (7 .00)-13.54%  157 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
251
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Impact on defined benefit obligation 
Holding company
As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
In (%) In ` In (%) In `
Rate of increase in salary
0.5-1% increase 3.64-14.03%  411 4-13%  147 
0.5-1% decrease (11.80)-(3.55)%  349 (11)-(4)%  106 
 ix)  Maturity profile of defined benefit obligations
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  Year ended   
March 31, 2025 
Year ended   
March 31, 2024
Expected Future Cashflows
Year 1  78  -   
Year 2  116  65 
Year 3  43  15 
Year 4  68  19 
Year 5  36  21 
Years 6 to 10  197  158 
Years 11 and above  581  483 
 x)  The major categories of plan assets are as follows:
The Company operates both funded and unfunded gratuity plans for its employees.
The funded gratuity plan is administered by the Life Insurance Corporation of India (‘LIC’) in accordance with 
the investment pattern prescribed by the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (IRDAI) 
for Pension and Group Schemes. Under this arrangement, 100% of the plan assets are invested in an insurer-
managed fund. As the fund is not traded in an active market, a quoted market price is not available. Accordingly, 
the fair value of the plan assets is based on the valuation provided by LIC.
 xi)  Risk exposure        
Through its defined benefit plans, the Group is exposed to a number of risks, the most significant of which are 
detailed below:
  Investment risk        
The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated using a discount  rate determined by 
reference to market yields at the end of the reporting period on government bond; if the return on plan asset 
is below this rate, it will create a plan deficit. Currently the plan has a relatively balanced investment in equity 
securities and debt instruments.
  Interest risk        
A decrease in the bond interest rate will increase the plan liability; however, this will be partially offset by an 
increase in the return on the plan’s debt investments.
  Longevity risk        
The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated by refer ence to the best estimate of the 
mortality of plan participants both during and after their employment. An increase in the life expectancy of the 
plan participants will increase the plan’s liability.     
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 
2024-25
===== PDF PAGE 147 =====
252
  Salary risk        
The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated by reference to the future salaries of plan 
participants. As such, an increase in the salary of the plan participants will increase the plan’s liability.
(C) Defined benefit plans - Leave encashment        
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  Year ended  
March 31, 2025 
 Year ended  
March 31, 2024 
i)  Assets and liabilities recognised in the Consolidated Balance 
Sheet:
Opening Balance  68  43 
On acquisiton of subsidiary  -  33 
Interest cost  3  -   
Change in assumptions  (20)  -   
Past service cost  10  -   
Charged during the year  8  (310)
Amount paid during the year  (2)  302 
Net liability  67  68 
Note 15.b. Share based payments
Plan-I
Aurum Proptech Limited Employees Option 2021
(a)  Scheme details
The Company has Employee Stock Option scheme i.e. ESOP 2021, under which options have been granted on the 
basis of performance and other eligibility criterias at the exercise price of ` 5/- to ` 80/- per share to be vested from 
time to time. The ESOP scheme is also extended to the employees of Eligible Subsidiaries.
The following table illustrates the number and weighted average exercise prices (WAEP) of, and movements in, 
share options during the year:
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
Number WAEP ( `) Number WAEP ( `)
Options outstanding at beginning of the year  17 ,07 ,375  77 .76  22,04,292  68.90 
Options granted during the year  38,840  80.00  1,26,250  77 .00 
Options exercised during the year  1,43,100  78.99  5,00,667  38.73 
Options lapsed during the year  13,500  77 .00  1,22,500  77 .00 
Options outstanding  at the end of the year  15,89,615  77 .71  17 ,07 ,375 7 7.7 6
Options exercisable at the end of the year  8,57 ,000  78.17  4,41,200   -  
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
253
The fair value of each option is estimated on the date of grant using the Black Scholes model. The following tables 
list the inputs used on the date of grant for the years ended:
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Weighted average fair value of the options at the grant dates (`)  151.76  86 
Dividend yield (%) Nil Nil
Risk free interest rate (%) 6.84 - 7 .00% 7 .16%
Expected life of share options (years) 2.5 - 5 Years  5 Years 
Expected volatility (%) 37 .77 - 44.29% 45.15%
(b)  Stock options exercised during the year :
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Number of options exercised during the year  1,43,100  5,00,667 
Weighted average share price at the date of exercise (`)  78.99  38.73 
(c)   For stock options outstanding at the end of the year, the range of exercise prices and weighted average remaining 
contractual life (vesting period and exercise period)
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Options outstanding  15,89,615  17 ,07 ,375 
Range of exercise price (`) 77-80 5 - 80
Weighted average exercise price (`)  77 .71  77 .76 
Weighted average remaining contractual life (years) 3.00  3.50 
(d) Information on stock options granted during the year ended:
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Number of options granted during the year  38,840  1,26,250 
Option pricing model used Black Scholes Black Scholes
Weighted average share price (`) 209.33 85.56
Exercise price (`) 77 - 80 7 7. 0 0
Expected volatility (%) 45.00% 45.15%
Option life (vesting period and exercise period)  2.5 - 5 Years  5 Years 
Dividend yield (%) Nil Nil
Risk free interest rate (%) 6.84 - 7 .00% 7 .16%
(e)   Effect of share-based payment plan on the Consolidated Balance Sheet and Consolidated S tatement of Profit 
and Loss :
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Share option outstanding account (Refer note 9(D))  1,600  1,083 
Share based payments (Refer note 15)  613  1,350 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 
2024-25
===== PDF PAGE 148 =====
254
Plan-II        
K2V2 Technologies Employees Option 2020        
(a)  Scheme details
The subsidiary, K2V2 Technologies Private Limited, has Employee Stock Optio n scheme i.e. ESOP 2020, under 
which option have been granted on the basis performance and other eligibilities criterias. The aggregate number of 
Equity Shares, which may be issued under the Plan, shall not exceed 518 (i.e. Five Hundred Eighteen) Equity Shares 
of face value of `10/- each.The Vesting Period shall not be less than 1 (one) year from the date of the Grant. The exact 
vesting period applicable to each grant shall be stated in the grant letter. The Exercise Period shall commence from 
the date of Vesting and can extend upto 5 (five) years from the date of grant of Options or such other period as may 
be decided by the Board and stated in the Grant Letter.
The following table illustrates the number and weighted average exercise prices (WAEP) of, and movements in, 
share options during the year: 
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars   As at March 31, 2025  As at March 31, 2024 
Number WAEP ( `) Number WAEP ( `)
Options outstanding at beginning of the year  340  10.00  262.00  10.00 
Options granted during the year  85  10.00  124.00  10.00 
Options expected to be lapse during the year   -   10.00  46.00  10.00 
Options exercised during the year   -    -    -    -  
Options lapsed during the year  314   -    -    -  
Options outstanding  at the end of the year 111  10.00  340.00  10.00 
Options exercisable at the end of the year   -    -    -  
(b)  Effect of share-based payment plan on the Balance Sheet and Statement of Profit and Loss :
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Share based compensation expenses   -   1 
(c)  Measurement of Fair Values        
The fair value of each option is estimated on the date of grant using the Black Scholes model. The following tables 
list the inputs used on the date of grant for the years ended:
Particulars Oct-21 Oct-22 Oct-23 Oct-24 Oct-25
Share Price in ` 363 363 363 363 363
Risk free interest rate (%) 43.97% 43.97% 43.97% 43.97% 43.97%
Time to maturity in years 10 10 10 10 10
Dividend yield (%) 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00%
Fair value of option (`) 356 356 356 356 356
(d)  Rationale for principle variables used        
Volatility is a measure of the amount by which a price is expected to fluctuate during a period based on the historic 
data, since the Company is closely held, volatility is assumed to be nearing 0 i.e. 0.01.
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
255
Plan-III
Integrow Asset Management Private Limited Employees Option 2023 
(a)  Scheme details        
 ESOP Plan 2022        
  On January 01, 2023, the subsidiary, Integrow Asset Management Priva te Limited, established share option 
programmes that entitle employee to purchase shares in the Company. January 01, 2023, a further grant on similar 
terms was offered to employees. Under these plans, holders of vested options are entitled to purchase shares at the 
market price of the shares at the respective grant date of options. 
 ESOP Plan 2023        
   On January 01, 2023, the Company established share option programmes that entitle employee to purchase shares 
in the Company. January 01, 2023, a further grant on similar terms was offered to  employees. Under these plans, 
holders of vested options are entitled to purchase shares at the market price of the shares at the respective grant 
date of options. 
(b)  Measurement of Fair Values        
  The fair value of each option is estimated on the date of grant using the Black Scholes model. The following tables 
list the inputs used on the date of grant for the years ended:
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Stock price ₹ 44.28 ₹ 72.47
Exercise price of option ₹ 10 ₹ 10
Number of periods to exercise in years  5.00 5.00
Dividend adjusted compounded risk-free interest rate 7 .05% 7 .09%
Volatility (annualised) 38.37% 41.71%
Fair value of option ₹ 38.03 ₹ 65.49
Expected annual forfeiture 10.00% 10.00%
(c)  Reconciliation of outstanding share options
The following table illustrates the number and weighted average exercise prices (WAEP) of, and movements in, 
share options during the year:
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars   As at March 31, 2025  As at March 31, 2024 
Number WAEP ( `) Number WAEP ( `)
Options outstanding at beginning of the year  4,43,000  7 .02  97 ,000  7 
Options granted during the year  -     -   4,45,000  7 
Options expected to be lapsed during the 
year
-   -   99,500  7 
Options outstanding  at the end of the year  4,43,000 8.76  4,43,000  7 
Options exercisable at the end of the year  3,68,375   -   37 ,875 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 
2024-25
===== PDF PAGE 149 =====
256
Plan-IV
Helloworld Employees Stock Option Plan – 2023 
(a)  Scheme details        
HelloWorld Technologies India Private Limited, has introduced employee stoc k option scheme. This employee 
equity-settled compensation scheme is known as Helloworld Employees Stock Option Plan – 2023. This plan came 
into force from 20th April 2023. The shareholders of the Company by way of special resolution approved the Plan 
authorising the Committee to grant not exceeding 12,153 number of options to the  eligible employees in one or 
more tranches from time to time which in aggregate shall be exercisable not more than 12,153 Shares of face value 
of ` 10/- each fully paid up with each such option conferring a right upon the employees to apply for 1 share in the 
Company in accordance with the terms and conditions as may be decided under the Plan, out of which 8,102 shall 
be granted in the same year and balance 4051 will be granted, subject to the approval of ESOP Committee.
Against each Stock Option 1 Equity Share of `10/- each having no exercise price, shall be issued if conditions 
specified in Grant letter are fulfilled .The Vesting Period shall commence from t he date of Grant and shall not 
exceed beyond 4 (four) years from the date of Grant. The Vesting may occur in tranches as may be decided by the 
Board. Provided however that the Vesting Period shall not be less than 1 (one) year from the date of the Grant. The 
exact vesting period applicable to each grant shall be stated in the grant letter. The Exercise Period shall commence 
from the date of Vesting and can extend upto 5 (five) years from the date of grant of Options or such other period as 
may be decided by the Board and stated in the Grant Letter.  The Vested options can be exercised by applying to the 
Company during the Exercise Period, by way of the Exercise Application.  In case the Option is not exercised within 
the Exercise Period, the Options will lapse, without any obligations whatsoever on the Company/ the Board, and no 
rights or claims will subsist after that date with the employee. The shares arising out of exercise of vested options 
shall not be subject to any lock-in period as follows, Till the time Company does not get its Equity Shares listed on 
any recognised stock exchange or any Investor has expressed his willingness for buying out 100% equity, the ESOP 
Shareholders and the Nominees or legal heirs, as the case may be, shall not be entitled to and shall not dilute their 
shareholding in the Company by way of sale, conveyance, exchange or transfer in any manner whatsoever without 
a written approval from the Board for the same. The Fair Value accounting method used for share based payment 
plan.
Under the amended terms of the ESOP, eligible employees are granted the rig ht to sell back up to 50% of their 
vested shares to the Company after June 30, 2026, at fair market value a s determined by an independent valuer 
appointed by the Board at the time of transfer. The buyback process is expected to be completed within three 
months following that date.
The following table illustrates the number and weighted average exercise prices (WAEP) of, and movements in, 
share options during the year: 
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars   As at March 31, 2025  As at March 31, 2024 
Number WAEP ( `) Number WAEP ( `)
Options outstanding at beginning of the year  8,100  10 
Add:
Options granted during the year 8,100  10 
Less:
Options exercised during the year - -  -    -   
Options lapsed during the year   -    -   -  -   
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
257
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars   As at March 31, 2025  As at March 31, 2024 
Number WAEP ( `) Number WAEP ( `)
Options cancelled during the year   -    -   -    -   
Options outstanding  at the end of the year   -    -   -    -   
Options exercisable at the end of the year  8,100  10  8,100  10 
The fair value of each option is estimated on the date of grant using the Black Scholes model. The following tables 
list the inputs used on the date of grant for the years ended:
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Weighted average fair value of the options at the grant dates (`)  6,012 6,012
Dividend yield (%) Nil  Nil 
Risk free interest rate (%) 6%-8% 6%-8%
Expected life of share options (years) 4 Years  4 Years 
Expected volatility (%) 50.00% 50.00%
(b)  Stock options exercised during the year :        
Number of options exercised during the year         
Weighted average share price at the date of exercise (`)
(c)   For stock options outstanding at the end of the year, the range of exercise prices and weighted average remaining 
contractual life (vesting period and exercise period)
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Options Outstanding  8,068  8,068 
Range of exercise price (`)  -    -   
Weighted Average Exercise Price (`)  10  -   
Weighted Average remaining Contractual Life (years)  2  -   
(d)  Information on stock options granted during the year ended:
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Number of options granted during the year - 8,100
Option pricing model used - Black Scholes
Weighted average share price (`)  -  10 
Exercise price (`)  -  10 
Expected volatility (%) - 50%
Option life (vesting period and exercise period)  -  4 Years 
Dividend yield (%) -  Nil 
Risk free interest rate (%) - 6%-8%
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 
2024-25
===== PDF PAGE 150 =====
258
Plan-V        
NestAway Employees Stock Option -2024        
(a)  Scheme details 
  The Board of Directors and the shareholders of NestAway Technologie s Private Limited, had approved the 
“”NestAway Employees Stock Option Plan -2024”” (‘Plan’) in April 2024 based on the following terms and conditions:
(i)  This Plan was for issue of stock options to employees of the Company which in aggregate shall not exceed 
1,02,807 equity shares equity shares having face value of Re. 1/- each. 
(ii)  Board of Directors/ESOP Committee appointed shall administer the Plan and the Comp any will issue options 
to the eligible persons on the basis of the advice of the ESOP Committee.
(iii)  The minimum vesting period of an Option for employees shall vest minimum at the en d of one year from the 
date of grant and may be extended further period from the date of grant and the maximum Vesting Period of 
an Option for Employees shall be as set out under the relevant grant letter, or as set out in the relevant grant 
letters.
(iv)  The Exercise Period shall commence from the date of Vesting and shall end immediately prior to the date of a 
liquidity event, as notified by the Company.
(b)   For stock options outstanding at the end of the year, the range of exercise prices and weighted average remaining 
contractual life (vesting period and exercise period)
  The following table illustrates the number and weighted average exercise  prices (WAEP) of, and movements in, 
ESOP plan during the year:
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Fair value at grant date in ` 1,427 .84  NA 
Share price at grant date in ` 1,427 .84  NA 
Weighted average exercise price in ` 1  -   
Dividend yield % 0% p.a  -   
Expected life of share options including exercise period (years) 4 years  -   
Risk free interest rate (%) 6.5% - 8%  -   
Expected volatility (%) 50%  -   
Attrition rate 20%  -   
Fair value of ESOP has been measured using Black and 
Scholes Model
 -   
 The details of activity under the ESOP Plan are summarised below:
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars   As at March 31, 2025  As at March 31, 2024 
Number WAEP ( `) Number WAEP ( `)
Outstanding at the beginning of the year  -    1.00  -    -   
Granted during the year  29,054  1.00  -    -   
Forfeited / lapsed during the year due to 
resignations
 4,357  1.00  -    -   
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
259
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars   As at March 31, 2025  As at March 31, 2024 
Number WAEP ( `) Number WAEP ( `)
Cancelled during the year  -    1.00  -    -   
Exercised during the year  -    1.00  -    -   
Outstanding at the end of the year  24,697  1.00  -    -   
Exercisable at the end of the year  -    1.00  -    -   
* Weighted average exercise price per option.
Note 16. Finance costs
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars Year ended  
March 31, 2025 
Year ended  
March 31, 2024
Interest on :
lease liabilities (Refer note 3.b)  2,046  1,736 
borrowings (Refer note 21)  851  847 
security deposits  18  12 
delayed payment of statutory dues  4  2 
Other finance costs  4  1 
Total  2,923  2,597 
Note 1 7.  Depreciation and amortisation expense
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars Year ended  
March 31, 2025 
Year ended  
March 31, 2024
Depreciation on property, plant and equipment (Refer note 3.a)  676  712 
Depreciation on right of use assets (Refer note 3.b)  6,193  5,375 
Amortisation of intangible assets (Refer note 3.d)  1,367  1,164 
Total  8,236  7 ,251 
Note 18. Other expenses
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars Year ended  
March 31, 2025 
Year ended  
March 31, 2024
a. Operating expenses
Server and laptop rent  145  294 
Repairs and maintenance  1,801  1,177 
Electricity and other utility charges  1,182  1,070 
Housekeeping and security  152  137 
Food expenses  476  495 
Professional fees  1,315  874 
Advertisement and publicity  1,967  1,130 
Brokerage and commission  153  24 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 
2024-25
===== PDF PAGE 151 =====
260
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars Year ended  
March 31, 2025 
Year ended  
March 31, 2024
Rates and taxes  250  350 
Hardware and software  252  254 
Rent  1,718  1,532 
Communication charges  194  252 
Other operating expenses  39  94 
 9,644  7 ,683 
b. Selling and distribution expenses
Advertisement and publicity  1,115  1,808 
Brokerage and commission  416  428 
 1,531  2,236 
c. Establishment expenses
Advertisement, commission and publicity  215  228 
Travelling and conveyance  195  226 
Professional fees  581  554 
Hardware and software  163  218 
Repairs and maintenance  152  157 
Rent  145  109 
Electricity  62  87 
Rates and taxes  98  74 
Insurance  29  25 
Communication charges  35  75 
Seminar, membership and subscription  135  59 
Assets written off  447  -   
Provision for bad and doubtful debts  226  333 
Exchange loss (net)  -    7 
Loss on sale of property, plant and equipment  57  -   
Miscellaneous expenses  210  209 
 2,750  2,362 
Total  13,926  12,281 
Note 19. Exceptional items
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars Year ended  
March 31, 2025 
Year ended  
March 31, 2024
Professional fees  -    144 
Total  -    144 
Note: During the year ended March 31, 2024, the Group has incurred certain profess ional expenses on acquisition / 
incorporation of subsidiaries / businesses which has been shown as exceptional items. In addition to the above, one of 
the subsidiary company, has paid liabilities which was written back previously under exceptional item and now charged 
back to exceptional item in current year.
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
261
Note 20. Earnings per share 
Basic earnings per share amounts are calculated by dividing the loss for the year attributable to equity holders by the 
weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the year.
Diluted earnings per share amounts are calculated by dividing the loss attributable to equity holders after adjusting  by 
the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the year plus the weighted average number of equity 
shares that would be issued on outstanding stock options.
The components of basic and diluted earnings per share for total operations are as follows:
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars Year ended  
March 31, 2025 
Year ended  
March 31, 2024
(a)  Loss for the year attributable to equity shareholders  (3,337)  (5,575)
(b)  Weighted average number of outstanding equity shares considered for 
basic EPS
 5,41,90,584  3,94,48,476 
  Add : Effect of dilutive potential equity shares arising from outstanding 
employee stock options
 7 ,56,686  10,29,620 
 Number of shares considered for diluted EPS  5,49,47 ,270  4,04,78,096 
(c)  Earnings per share (Face value per share ` 5/- each (Previous year ` 5/- 
each))
 Basic (`)  (6.16)  (14.16)
 Diluted ( `)**  (6.16)  (14.16)
* The weighted average number of shares takes into account the weighted average effect of changes arising from issue 
of new shares and ESOP transactions during the year. 
** Since the effect is anti dilutive, Diluted earnings per share will be same as basic earning per share.
There have been no transactions involving equity shares or potential equity shares between the reporting date and the 
date of authorisation of these consolidated financial statements.
Note 21. Related party disclosures 
(A)  Other related parties with whom the company had transactions during the year
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Name of the Related Party  Country Relationship
1.  Aurum RealEstate Developers Limited 
(formerly known as Aurum Platz IT Private Limited)
India Promoter
2.  Aurum Facility Management Private Limited 
(formerly known as Orize Property Management 
Private Limited)
India Enitity in which Director is 
Director
3.  Eleven Point Two Capital Advisory Services Private 
Limited
India Entity in which director is a 
director
4.  Seven Springs Venture LLP India Entity in which director is a 
Designated Partner
5. Imogentechno Delta Park Private Limited India Entity in which director is a 
director 
(subsidiary up to June 26, 2024)
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 
2024-25
===== PDF PAGE 152 =====
262
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Name of the Related Party  Country Relationship
6. Wisetechno Private Limited India Entity in which director is a 
director  
(subsidiary up to September 28, 
2024)
7. Aurum Platz (Goregaon) Private Limited India Enitity in which Director is 
Director
8. City Synapse Information Private Limited India Enitity in which Director is 
Director  
(step down subsidiary upto March 
14, 2024)
9. Eukleia Technologies Private Limited India Enitity in which Director is 
Director  
(step down subsidiary upto March 
14, 2024)
10. Nesassist Services Private Limited India Enitity in which Director is 
Director  
(step down subsidiary upto March 
12, 2024)
(B)  Other related parties with whom the Company had transactions during the year
 List of Key management personnel:
Vasant Gujarathi Non-Executive Independent Director
Ajit Joshi Non-Executive Independent Director
Padma Deosthali Non-Executive Independent Director
Ramashrya Yadav Non-executive Director
Srirang Athalye Non-executive Director
Onkar Shetye Executive Director
Kunal Karan Chief Financial Officer, Director
Sonia Jain Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Ketan Prakash Sabnis Executive Director, K2V2 Technologies Private Limited
Vinayak Katkar Executive Director, K2V2 Technologies Private Limited
Chittoor Ananthakrishnan Ajay Kumar Director, Monk Tech Labs Pte. Ltd.
Varadharajan Balaji Director, Monk Tech Labs Pte. Ltd.
Jitendra Jagadeva Director, Helloworld Technologies India Private Limited
Prakash Tejwani Director, Aurum Analytica Private Limited
Vishal Sharma Key managerial person, Aurum Analytica Private Limited
Sahil Rathore Key managerial person, Aurum Analytica Private Limited
Hirenkumar Ladva CEO, Yieldwisex Technologies Private Limited  
(17th January 2025 to 10th March 2025)
Aryaman Vir CEO, Yieldwisex Technologies Private Limited  
( 28th September 2023 to 31st July 2024)
Ismail Shamirualla Khan Chief Operating Officer, NestAway Technologies Private 
Limited
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
263
Ajay Radke Independent Director, Yieldwisex Technologies Private 
Limited , 
( 28th October 2024 to 17th March 2025) 
Independent Director, Bonds Brain Technologies Private 
Limited, 
( from 18th March 2025 )
Lloyd Mathias Independent Director, Yieldwisex Technologies Private 
Limited , 
(28th October 2024 to 17th March 2025) 
Independent Director, Bonds Brain Technologies Private 
Limited, 
( from 18th March 2025 )
Rahul R Somani Director, Integrow Asset Management Private Limited  
(Upto19th December 2023),  
Non Executive Director, Integrow Asset Management Private 
Limited (w.e.f 17th January 2024) 
(C)  Details of transactions with related party in the ordinary course of business: 
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars Year ended  
March 31, 2025 
Year ended  
March 31, 2024
I. Revenue from operations
i. Information technology services
Aurum Facility Management Private Limited  
(formerly known as Orize Property Management Private Limited)
 6  4 
II. Other income
i. Interest income on deposits
Aurum Platz (Goregaon) Private Limited  23  -   
During the year the Company has invested in inter-company 
deposit of Aurum Platz (Goregaon) Private Limited amounting 
to ` 1,500 Lakhs which were encashed during the year and there 
was no deposit as on March 31, 2025
ii. Interest income on loans
Wisetechno Private Limited  14  -   
Total  43  4 
III. Employee benefit expense to KMP
i. Salaries, wages, bonus and other allowances  943  735 
ii. Contribution to provident fund, ESI and other funds  28  19 
iii. Share based payments  87  162 
Total  1,058  916 
IV.  Finance costs
i. Interest on Loan
Aurum RealEstate Developers Limited  
(formerly known as Aurum Platz IT Private Limited)
 62  129 
 Eleven Point Two Capital Advisory Services Private Limited  8  0 
 Seven Springs Venture LLP  27  14 
Total  97  143 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 
2024-25
===== PDF PAGE 153 =====
264
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars Year ended  
March 31, 2025 
Year ended  
March 31, 2024
V. Other expenses
a. Operating expenses
i. Repairs and maintenance
Aurum Facility Management Private Limited  
(formerly known as Orize Property Management Private 
Limited)
 -    1 
Total  -    1 
b. Establishment expenses
i. Rent
Eleven Point Two Capital Advisory Services Private Limited  -    7 
Total  -    7 
ii. Professional fees
Professional fees to KMPs  88  86 
Directors sitting fees  46  36 
Total  134  122 
iii. Expenses Incurred by the Group 
City Synapse Information Private Limited  3  3 
Nestassist Services Private Limited  1  1 
Total  4  4 
VI. Other transactions during the financial year
A. Borrowings
i. Borrowings - during the year 
Aurum RealEstate Developers Limited  
(formerly known as Aurum Platz IT Private Limited)
 1,597  4,660 
Chittoor Ananthakrishnan Ajay Kumar  20  -   
Seven Springs Ventures LLP  8  150 
Seven Springs Ventures LLP (NCD Purchase)  510  -   
Eleven  Point Two Capital Advisory Services Private Limited  137  30 
Total  2,272  4,840 
ii Borrowings - repaid during the year 
Aurum RealEstate Developers Limited  
(formerly known as Aurum Platz IT Private Limited)
 4,660  -   
Chittoor Ananthakrishnan Ajay Kumar  6  -   
Seven Springs Ventures LLP  158  -   
Eleven  Point Two Capital Advisory Services Private Limited  137  30 
Total  4,961  30 
Total  (2,689)  4,810 
iii Borrowings - converted to equity during the year 
Seven Springs Ventures LLP  353  -   
Total  353  -   
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
265
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars Year ended  
March 31, 2025 
Year ended  
March 31, 2024
(B) Amount due to / from related party
i. Investments
Imogentechno Delta Park Private Limited  1  -   
Wisetechno Private Limited  1  -   
Total  2  -   
ii. Trade receivables
Aurum Realestate Developers Ltd ( formerly known as 
Aurum Platz IT Private Limited )
 164  -   
Total  164  -   
iii. Other receivables
City Synapse Information Private Limited  3  3 
Nestassist Services Private Limited  1  1 
Total  3  3 
iv. Loans given 
Wisetechno Private Limited  234  -   
Total  234  -   
v.  Financial assets - others 
Interest accrued on loans and investments
Wisetechno Private Limited  23  -   
Total  23  -   
vi.  Borrowings 
Aurum RealEstate Developers Limited (formerly known as 
Aurum Platz IT Private Limited )
 1,597  4,660 
Seven Springs Venture LLP  -    350 
Chittoor Ananthakrishnan Ajay Kumar  14  -   
Total  1,611  5,010 
viI.   Other current liabilities - Interest accrued but not due on 
borrowings
Aurum RealEstate Developers Limited  22  116 
 ( formerly known as Aurum Platz IT Private Limited )
Seven Springs Venture LLP  -    4 
Chittoor Ananthakrishnan Ajay Kumar  14  -   
Total  36  120 
viii.  Other current liabilities - Employee related payables
Payables to KMP
Onkar Sunil Shetye  16  14 
Kunal Karan  25  24 
Sonia Jain  0  -   
Total  41  38 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 
2024-25
===== PDF PAGE 154 =====
266
Note 22. Commitments and contingent liabilities:
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Capital commitments
Estimated amount of contract remaining to be executed on capital account not 
provided for (inclusive of GST)
 1  449 
Contingent Liabilities
Income tax matters  41  43 
GST matters  362  405 
Other matters          
One of the subsidiary Company is involved in various claims/ arbitration proceedings amounting to ` 654 Lakhs relating 
to furniture hired by the Company in prior years.  During the year, the Comp any has received an order from Mumbai 
Centre of International Arbitration (MCIA) which directs the Company to pay ` 308 Lakhs to one of the furniture vendor. 
Provisions amounting to ` 306 Lakhs are carried in the books as at March 31, 2025, in this regard. Furth er, Company 
has filed an appeal with Commercial Court, Bengaluru and deposited ` 77 Lakhs towards the appeal. Considering that 
the Company also has certain counter claims against such vendor, management believes that such provisions would be 
adequate to settle the claims that may devolve on the Company.
Note 23. Segment reporting
The Group’s operations predominantly relate to providing  software solutions in the real estate sector. The organisational 
and reporting structure of the Group is based on Strategic Business Units (S BU) concept. The SBU’s are primarily 
cost centre segments. SBU’s are the operating segments for which separ ate financial information is available and for 
which operating results are evaluated regularly by management in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing 
performance. These SBU’s provide end-to-end information technology solutions on time and material contracts or fixed 
contracts, entered into with customers.  The Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) reviews the operations of the 
Group as one operating segment on the basis of SBUs.
The Group’s primary reportable segments consist of the following SBUs, whic h are based on the risks and returns in 
different areas of the operations: Rental, Distribution, Capital and Others. ‘Rental’ operations comprise of activities 
where the Group derives revenue from customers for services offered though comprehensive technology based suite of 
solutions tailored for renters, property owners, and property managers. ‘Distribution’ operations comprise of activities 
where the Group derives revenue from customers for the data analytics offerings and the licencing of the CRM products. 
‘Capital’ operations comprise of activities where the Group derives revenue from customers for the management of 
Investments through technology based platforms 
The following table sets forth revenues and results by areas of operations based on the business units under which 
billing to customer has been made during the reported period:
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars Year ended 
March 31, 2025
Year ended  
March 31, 2024
Segment revenue
Rental  16,862  13,289 
Distribution  7 ,928  7 ,444 
Capital  1,594  672 
Total  26,384  21,405 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
267
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars Year ended 
March 31, 2025
Year ended  
March 31, 2024
Segment results
Rental  (1,454)  (1,766)
Distribution  1,101  (617)
Capital  (739)  (1,472)
Total  (1,092)  (3,855)
Less: Finance cost  (2,923)  (2,597)
Less: Other un-allocable expenditure - net  (432)  (1,328)
Loss before tax  (4,447)  (7 ,780)
The following table sets forth the Group’s total assets and total liabilities:
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Segment assets
Rental  44,044  36,521 
Distribution  10,143  9,092 
Capital  5,520  12,309 
Unallocable corporate assets  7 ,744  6,523 
Total assets  67 ,451  64,445 
Segment liabilities
Rental  26,107  19,643 
Distribution  2,672  3,119 
Capital  1,047  7 ,917 
Unallocable corporate liabilities  9,178  14,969 
Total liabilities  39,004  45,648 
During the current financial year, from the quarter ended September 30,2024, the Company has reported its segment 
information under the new segments. In the previous reporting periods, th e Company classified its operations under 
the segments ‘SAAS’ (Software as a Service) and ‘RAAS’ (Real Estate as a Service). Based on the evolving nature of 
the business and the way the Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) reviews the Company’s operations, the strategic 
business units (SBUs) have been redefined and its segment information provided in the financial statements have been 
realigned accordingly. The new segments identified for financial reporting are Rental, Distribution and Capital. Previous 
period’s / year’s figures have been reclassified as per the new segments. 
Geographic information          
The Group mainly caters to indian market, accordingly, secondary information/ geographical segment is not applicable.
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 
2024-25
===== PDF PAGE 155 =====
268
Note 24.a. Financial instruments
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Fair value and carrying amount As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
Fair value 
through Profit 
and loss
Fair value 
through Other 
comprehensive 
income
Amortised 
Cost
Fair value 
through Profit 
and loss
Fair value 
through Other 
comprehensive 
income
Amortised 
Cost
Financial assets- non current
Investments  -  2  700  -  0  0 
Other financial assets  -  -  3,708  -  -  3,051 
Financial assets- current
Investments  4,267  -    -  1,500  -  11 
Cash and cash equivalents  -  -  965  -  -  726 
Bank balances other than cash and 
cash equivalents
 -  -  1,554  -  -  1,568 
Trade receivables  -  -  2,899  -  -  2,323 
Loans  -  -  234  -  -  - 
Other financial assets  -  -  759  -  -  294 
Financial liabilities- non current
Borrowings  -  -  7 ,605  -  -  13,556 
Lease liabilities  -  -  12,742  -  -  7 ,334 
Other financial liabilities  -  -  234  -  -  572 
Financial liabilities- current
Borrowings  -  -  496  -  -  5,834 
Lease liabilities  -  -  6,491  -  -  3,469 
Trade payables  -  -  3,250  -  -  5,168 
Other financial liabilities  -  -  6,516  -  -  7 ,628 
Note 24.b. Fair value hierarchy
The fair value hierarchy is based on inputs to valuation techniques that are used to meas ure fair value that are either 
observable or unobservable and consists of the following three levels:
Level 1 - Inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
Level 2 - Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are obs ervable for the asset or liability, either 
directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices).
Level 3 - Inputs for the assets or liabilities that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).
The following table presents fair value hierarchy of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis:
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Level 1 (Quoted price in active market)
Investment in Mutual Fund carried at fair value through profit and loss  60  1,000 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
269
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Level 3 (Unobservable inputs)
Investment in Integrow Real Estate Special Situation Fund carried at fair 
value through profit and loss
 4,267  1,500 
Investments in equity shares measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income
 2  0 
All financial assets and liabilities at amortised cost have been considered at carrying amount, as it approximate its 
fair value.
Note 24.c. Financial risk management objectives and policies 
The Group is exposed to various financial risks. These risks are categorised into market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. 
The Group’s risk management is coordinated by the Board of Directors and focuses on securing long term and short term 
cash flows. The Group does not engage in trading of financial assets for speculative purposes.
(A)  Market risk          
Market risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a fin ancial instrument will fluctuate because of 
changes in market prices. Such changes in the values of financial instruments m ay result from changes in the 
foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and other market changes.
Foreign currency risk          
Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flow s of a financial instrument will fluctuate 
because of changes in foreign exchange rates. The Group’s exposure to  the risk of changes in foreign exchange 
rates relates primarily to the Group’s operating activities (when revenue or expense is denominated in a different 
currency from the Group’s functional currency).
Foreign currency sensitivity          
Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flow s of a financial instrument will fluctuate 
because of changes in foreign exchange rates. The Company’s exposure to the risk of changes in foreign exchange 
rates relates primarily to the Company’s operating activities (when revenue or expense is denominated in a different 
currency from the Company’s functional currency). However, the Company’s exposure to foreign currency changes 
for all other currencies is not material. 
Interest rate sensitivity          
The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to a reasonably possible change in interest rates on that portion 
of loans and borrowings. With all other variables held constant, the Group’s profit before tax is affected through the 
impact on floating rate borrowings, as follows: 
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at Closing 
balance 
Effect on profit before tax
1% Increase 1% Decrease
Borrowings (Impact on Profit and Loss) March 31, 2025  6,429  (64)  64 
Borrowings (Impact on Profit and Loss) March 31, 2024  13,565  (136)  136 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 
2024-25
===== PDF PAGE 156 =====
270
(B)  Credit risk          
Credit risk is the risk of financial loss arising from counterparty failure to  repay or service debt according to 
the contractual terms or obligations. Credit risk encompasses of both, the direct  risk of default and the risk of 
deterioration of creditworthiness as well as concentration of risks. Credit risk is controlled by analysing credit limits 
and credit worthiness of customers on a continuous basis to whom the credit has been g ranted after obtaining 
necessary approvals for credit.
Financial instruments that potentially subject the Group to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash and cash 
equivalents, time deposits and trade receivables. The Group maintains its cash and cash equivalents, time deposits 
and trade receivables, with banks and customers having good reputation, good past tr ack record, and who meet 
the minimum threshold requirements under the counterparty risk assessment pr ocess, and reviews their credit-
worthiness on a periodic basis. 
(C)  Liquidity risk          
Liquidity risk refers to the risk that the Group cannot meet its finan cial obligations. The objective of liquidity risk 
management is to maintain sufficient liquidity and ensure that funds are available for use as per requirements. The 
Group consistently generated sufficient cash flows from operations to meet its financial obligations as and when 
they fall due. 
The Group’s current assets aggregate to ` 13,378 Lakhs (March 31, 2024 - ` 10,544 Lakhs) including current 
investments, Loans, cash and cash equivalents and bank balances against aggreg ate current liability of  
` 17 ,855 Lakhs (March 31, 2024 - ` 23,723 Lakhs) and non current liabilities ` 21,149 Lakhs (March 31, 2024 -  
` 21,925 Lakhs) including borrowings on the reporting date
While the Group’s total equity stands at ` 28,447 Lakhs (March 31, 2024 -  ` 18,797 Lakhs). Hence liquidity risk or 
risk that the Group may not be able to settle or meet its obligations as they become due does not exist.
Note 24.d. Capital management
For the purpose of the Group’s capital management, capital includes issued equity capital and all other equity reserves 
attributable to the equity holders. The primary objective of the Group’s capital management is to maximise the shareholder 
value and to ensure the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.
The Group monitors gearing ratio i.e. total debt in proportion to its overall financing structure, i.e. equity and debt. The 
Group manages the capital structure and makes adjustments to it in the light of changes in economic conditions and the 
risk characteristics of the underlying assets.
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Total equity                                                                                                                      (i)  28,447  18,797 
Borrowings  8,101  19,390 
Lease liabilities  19,233  12,502 
Less: Cash and cash equivalents and other bank balances  (2,519)  (2,294)
Net debt                                                                                                                                        (ii)  24,815  29,598 
Overall financing                                                                                        (iii) = (i) + (ii)  53,262  48,395 
Gearing ratio                                                                                                         (ii)/ (iii)  0.47  0.61 
No changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes for manag ing capital during the years ended 31 March 
2025 and 31 March 2024. 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
271
Note 25. Statement of net assets, profit and loss and other comprehensive income attributable  to owners and non-
controlling interests
Net assets
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  As at March, 2025 As at March, 2024
As % of 
consolidated 
net assets
Amount As % of 
consolidated 
net assets
Amount
Parent entity 
Aurum PropTech Limited 127%  36,246 127%  23,878 
Subsidiary
K2V2 Technologies Private Limited 5%  1,386 5%  1,001 
Aurum Softwares and Solutions Private Limited 2%  612 3%  588 
Liv Real Solutions Private Limited 2%  664 4%  662 
Monk Tech Labs Pte. Limited (1%)  (156) 0%  (7)
Helloworld Technologies India Private Limited (6%)  (1,742) (4%)  (842)
Integrow Asset Management Private Limited 3%  775 (1%)  (278)
Aurum Analytica Private Limited 4%  1,104 2%  425 
Monk Tech Venture Private Limited 0%  26 0%  18 
Cuneate Services Private Limited 0%  (3) 0%  1 
YieldWiseX Technologies Private Limited (1%)  (375) 1%  220 
NestAway Technologies Private Limited (13%)  (3,608) (19%)  (3,478)
Bonds Brain Technologies Private Limited 0%  (12)  -    -   
Imogentechno Delta Park Private Limited  -    -   0%  (16)
Wisetechno Private Limited  -    -   0%  (21)
123%  34,917 118%  22,151 
Non-controlling interest 4%  1,012 4%  759 
Intercompany elimination and consolidation 
adjustments
(27%)  (7 ,488) (22%)  (4,113)
Total 100%  28,441 100%  18,797 
Share in total comprehensive income
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  As at March, 2025 As at March, 2024
As % of 
comprehensive 
income
Amount As % of 
comprehensive 
income
Amount
Parent entity 
Aurum PropTech Limited 6%  (268) 20%  (1,344)
Subsidiary
K2V2 Technologies Private Limited (8%)  314 4%  (239)
Aurum Softwares and Solutions Private Limited (1%)  22 0%  (3)
Liv Real Solutions Private Limited 0%  (5) 5%  (338)
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 
2024-25
===== PDF PAGE 157 =====
272
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  As at March, 2025 As at March, 2024
As % of 
comprehensive 
income
Amount As % of 
comprehensive 
income
Amount
Monk Tech Labs Pte. Limited 4%  (153) 2%  (125)
Helloworld Technologies India Private Limited 24%  (1,015) 16%  (1,075)
Integrow Asset Management Private Limited 15%  (607) 7%  (473)
Aurum Analytica Private Limited (15%)  624 1%  (78)
Monk Tech Venture Private Limited 0%  10 0%  8 
Cuneate Services Private Limited 0%  (3) 0%  -   
YieldWiseX Technologies Private Limited 11%  (465) 11%  (743)
NestAway Technologies Private Limited 28%  (1,165) 8%  (551)
Bonds Brain Technologies Private Limited 0%  (13)
Imogentechno Delta Park Private Limited (2%)  85 0%  (17)
Wisetechno Private Limited (1%)  47 0%  (22)
62%  (2,592) 75%  (5,000)
Non-controlling interest 19%  (790) 15%  (1,005)
Intercompany elimination and consolidation 
adjustments
19%  (770) 10%  (628)
Total 100%  (4,152) 100%  (6,633)
Share in Profit / (loss)
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  As at March, 2025 As at March, 2024
As % of  
Profit/(Loss)
Amount As % of  
Profit/(Loss)
Amount
Parent entity 
Aurum PropTech Limited 7%  (275) 20%  (1,339)
Subsidiary
K2V2 Technologies Private Limited (8%)  314 4%  (256)
Aurum Softwares and Solutions Private Limited (1%)  22 0%  (3)
Aurum RealTech Services Private Limited 0%  (7) 5%  (338)
Monk Tech Labs Pte. Limited 4%  (152) 2%  (121)
Helloworld Technologies India Private Limited 24%  (1,009) 16%  (1,038)
Integrow Asset Management Private Limited 15%  (602) 7%  (473)
Aurum Analytica Private Limited (16%)  646 1%  (69)
Monk Tech Venture Private Limited 0%  9 0%  8 
Cuneate Services Private Limited 0%  (3) 0%  -   
YieldWiseX Technologies Private Limited 11%  (471) 11%  (743)
NestAway Technologies Private Limited 28%  (1,155) 8%  (537)
Bonds Brain Technologies Private Limited 0%  (13) 0%  -   
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
273
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  As at March, 2025 As at March, 2024
As % of  
Profit/(Loss)
Amount As % of  
Profit/(Loss)
Amount
Imogentechno Delta Park Private Limited (2%)  85 0%  (17)
Wisetechno Private Limited (1%)  47 0%  (22)
62%  (2,567) 75%  (4,948)
Non-controlling interest 19%  (786) 15%  (1,020)
Intercompany elimination and consolidation 
adjustments
19%  (770) 10%  (627)
Total 100%  (4,123) 100%  (6,595)
Share in Other comprehensive income
(Amount in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  As at March, 2025 As at March, 2024
As % of OCI Amount As % of OCI Amount
Parent entity 
Aurum PropTech Limited (24%)  7 14%  (5)
Subsidiary
K2V2 Technologies Private Limited (3%)  1 (46%)  17 
Aurum Softwares and Solutions Private Limited 0%  -   0%  -   
Liv Real Solutions Private Limited (8%)  2 0%  -   
Monk Tech Labs Pte. Limited 2%  (1) 9%  (3)
Helloworld Technologies India Private Limited 19%  (6) 103%  (37)
Integrow Asset Management Private Limited 17%  (5) 0%  -   
Aurum Analytica Private Limited 77%  (23) 25%  (9)
Monk Tech Venture Private Limited (5%)  2 0%  -   
Cuneate Services Private Limited 0%  -   0%  -   
YieldWiseX Technologies Private Limited (21%)  6 0%  -   
NestAway Technologies Private Limited 33%  (10) 36%  (14)
Bonds Brain Technologies Private Limited 0%  -   0%  -   
Imogentechno Delta Park Private Limited  -   
Wisetechno Private Limited  -   0%  -   
86%  (25) 141%  (52)
Non-controlling interest 14%  (4) (41%)  15 
Intercompany elimination and consolidation 
adjustments
0%  -   0%  -   
Total 100%  (29) 100%  (37)
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 
2024-25
===== PDF PAGE 158 =====
274
Note 26. Additional regulatory information
i)  Details of benami property held       
  No proceedings have been initiated on or are pending against the group for holding benami property under the 
Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (45 of 1988) and Rules made thereunder.
(ii)   Wilful defaulter       
  The group has never been declared as wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institut ion or government or any 
government authority
(iii)  Relationship with struck off companies       
 The group has no transactions with the companies struck off under Companies Act, 2013 or Companies Act, 1956.
(iv)  Registration of charges or satisfaction with registrar of companies
  The group does not have any charges or satisfaction which is yet to be registered with ROC beyond the statutory 
period.
(v)  Compliance with number of layers of companies       
 The group has complied with the number of layers prescribed under the Companies Act, 2013
(vi)  Compliance with approved scheme(s) of arrangements       
  The group has not entered into any scheme of arrangement which has an accounting impact on current or previous 
financial year
(vii)  Utilisation of borrowed funds and share premium:       
 A.   The group has not advanced or loaned or invested funds to any other p erson(s) or entity(ies), including foreign 
entities (intermediaries) with the understanding that the intermediary shall:
  (a)  directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any mann er whatsoever by or 
on behalf of the group (ultimate beneficiaries) or
  (b)  provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the ultimate bene ficiaries.
 B.  The group has not received any fund from any person(s) or entity(ies), inc luding foreign entities (funding party) 
with the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the group shall:
  (a)  directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any mann er whatsoever by or 
on behalf of the funding party (ultimate beneficiaries) or
  (b) provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the ultimate benefic iaries.
(viii) Undisclosed income       
  There is no income surrendered or disclosed as income during the current or previous year in the tax assessments 
under the Income Tax Act, 1961, that has not been recorded in the books of account.
(ix) Details of crypto currency or virtual currency       
 The group has not traded or invested in crypto currency or virtual currency during the current or previous year.
(x)  Title deed of immovable properties       
 The group does not hold any immovable property whose title deed is not in the  name of group.
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
275
(xi)  Valuation of property, plant and equipment and intangible asset
  The group has not revalued its property, plant and equipment (including  right-of-use assets) or intangible assets or 
both during the current or previous year.
(xii)   The borrowings obtained by the group from banks and financial institutions have been applied for the purposes for 
which such loans were was taken.
Note 27. During the previous year, one of the subsidiary of the Company, NestAwa y Technologies Private Limited 
(NestAway) has entered into a share purchase agreement for sale of its entire shareholding in City Synapse Information 
Private Limited (CSIPL), Eukleia Technologies Private Limited (ETPL) and Nestassist Services Private Limited (Nestassist) 
(Subsidiaries). The sale has been completed during the month of March 2024 and sale consideration of ` 1.31 Lakhs has 
been received. Accordingly, the transactions of CSIPL, ETPL and Nestassist for th e period from date of acquisition of 
NestAway till sale of subsidiaries have been included in the consolidated financial statement.
Note 28. During the previous year ended March 31, 2024, the Company has incorporated two entities viz. 1) Imogentechno 
Delta Park Private Limited (IML) and 2) Wisetechno Private Limited (WSL) with an objec tive of operating as a Special 
Purpose Vehicle (SPV) for its fractional ownership business. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”), vide 
notification dated on March 08, 2024, introduced a regulatory framework for the facilitation of Small and Medium 
Real Estate Investment Trusts (“SM REITs”) by amending the SEBI (Real Est ate Investment Trusts) Regulations, 2014 
(“REIT Regulations”), through SEBI (Real Estate Investment Trusts) (Amendment) Regulations, 2024 (“Amended REIT 
Regulations”), thereby, paving the way to make real estate investment more accessible to wider set of investors and to 
regulate and foster growth in Fractional Ownership investment. The framework has given time period of a total one year 
for the existing businesses under the model of fractional ownership to comply  with the regulation. The management 
has obtained an independent legal opinion on the business model of the two SPV s and is compliant since the same 
was commenced before notification of the regulation. The Company has initiated the process of migration to Amended 
REIT Regulations to comply with the said regulations with new investors, coming  in, IML and WSL has ceased  to be 
subsidaries of the Company w.e.f June 26, 2024 and Sep 28, 2024 respectively.
Note 29. The Board of Directors of the Company in its meeting held on September 10, 2024, ap proved the strategic 
realignment of its material subsidiary K2V2 Technologies Private Limited (“K2V2”) to enhan ce focus on its core 
technology offerings and leverage its established scale. Based on the approval of the Boards of the Company and K2V2, 
during the current financial year, (i) the Company increased its stake in K2V2  to 81.27% from 44.44% for additional 
investment of ` 112.30 Lakhs (ii) K2V2 has sold its operations of the business units Beyond Wall s and Kylas  w.e.f. July 
1, 2024. Accordingly, on and from the quarter starting July 1, 2024 the financial re sults of K2V2 comprise of assets in 
relation to Sell.do.
Note 30. During the quarter ended June 30, 2024, the Company had received ` 12,120 Lakhs towards first call of  
` 30/- per share (comprising of ` 1.87/- towards face value and a premium of ` 28.13/- per Right Equity Share) on account 
of 4,03,99,270 no of shares and the trading of these partly paid shares were effective from May 07 , 2024. 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
Aurum PropTech Limited Annual Report 
2024-25
===== PDF PAGE 159 =====
276
N
ote 31. The Code on Social Security, 2020
The Code on S ocial Security, 2020 (‘code’) relating to employee benefits during employment and post employment 
benefits received presidential assent in September 2020. The code has been published in the Gazette of India. However, 
the date on which the code will come into effect has not been notified and the final rules/interpretation have not yet 
been issued. The group will assess the impact of the code when it comes into effect and will record any related impact 
in the period the code becomes effective.
Note 32. Events after the reporting period
No significant subsequent events have been observed which may require an adjustments to the financial statements.
N
ote 33. Previous year figures have been regrouped/ reclassified to confirm presentation as per Ind AS as required by 
S
chedule III of the act.
Note 34. ’0’ denotes amount less than `  0.5 Lakhs.
As per our report of even date 
For Kirtane & Pandit LLP 
Chartered Accountants 
ICAI Firm Registration No.: 105215W/W100057
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of  
Aurum PropTech Limited  
CIN: L72300MH2013PLC244874
Suhrud Lele Onkar Shetye Vasant Gujarathi 
Partner Executive Director Non-Executive and Independent Director 
Membership No.: 121162 DIN - 06372831 DIN - 06863505 
Kunal Karan Sonia Jain 
Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary 
M. No. - A52138 
Place: Navi Mumbai Place: Navi Mumbai 
Date: April 25, 2025 Date: April 25, 2025 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED M
ARCH 31, 2025 (Contd.)
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Company Information
R
egistrar and Share Transfer Agent
KFin T
echnologies Limited, 
Selenium Tower B, Plot 31 & 32, 
Financial District, Nanakramguda, 
Serilingampally Hyderabad, 
Rangareddi, Telangana India - 
500 032
Toll Free No: +1800 309 4001 
E-mail: einward.ris@kfintech.com
Website: www.kfintech.com
Bankers
Axis Bank Limited
Bank of Baroda Limited
HDFC Bank Limited
ICICI Bank Limited
Statutory Auditors
M/s. Kirtane Pandit & Associates, 
Chartered Accountants
Registered Office
Aurum Q1, Aurum Q Parc, 
Thane Belapur Road, Navi Mumbai, 
Thane, Maharashtra- 400 710 India
Tel: 022 6911 1800
E-mail: investors@aurumproptech.in
website: www.aurumproptech.in
Committees
A
udit Committee
Va
sant Gujarathi, Chairman 
Ajit Josh
Srirang Athalye
Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee
Ajit Joshi - Chairman
Srirang Athalye
Vasant Gujarathi
Corporate Social Responsibility 
Committee
Srirang Athalye - Chairman 
Padma Deosthali
Ramashrya Yadav 
Vasant Gujarathi 
Investors’ Grievances and 
Stakeholders’ Relationship 
Committee
Ramashrya Yadav, Chairman 
Ajit Joshi 
Onkar Shetye
Board of Directors
Non-Executive Directors
Sr
irang Athalye
Ramashrya Yadav
Ashish Deora
Executive Whole- Time Director
Onkar Shetye
Non-Executive Independent 
Director
Vasant Gujarathi 
Ajit Joshi
Padma Deosthali
Chief Financial Officer
Kunal Karan
Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer
Sonia Jain
===== PDF PAGE 160 =====
Registered Office: Aurum Q1, Aurum Q Parć, Thane Belapur Road, Navi Mumbai - 400 710  
Tel: +91 22 3000 1700 | investors@aurumproptech.in  |  www.aurumproptech.in
/AurumPropTechLimited /company/aurumproptechlimited aurumproptech @aurumproptech

===== PDF PAGE 161 =====
 
 
 
AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED 
Registered Office: Aurum Q1, Aurum Q Parc, Thane Belapur Road,  
Navi Mumbai Thane 400710  
Corporate Identification Number (CIN): L72300MH2013PLC244874  
Website: https://aurumproptech.in/; E-mail: investors@aurumproptech.in    
Phone: +91-22-69-111-800 
====================================================================== 
 
Dear Shareholder(s), 
Sub.: Annual Report and Notice of Annual General Meeting for the Financial Year 2024-25 
We sincerely thank you for your continued support and trust as a valued shareholder of Aurum 
PropTech Limited (“the Company”). 
We are pleased to inform you that the Twelfth Annual General Meeting of the Company will be  
held on Tuesday, September 23, 2025  at 2:00 p.m. (IST) through Video Conferencing / Other 
Audio Visual Means. 
Regulation 36(1)(b) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, requires listed entities to send a letter providing the 
web-link, including the exact path, where  complete details of the Integrated Annual Report is 
available, to those shareholder(s) who have not registered their email address(es) either with the 
listed entity or with any depository.  In this regard, we would like to inform you that, the Annual 
Report and the Notice of  Annual General Meeting of the Company for the Financial Year 2024 -
25 is available on Company’s  website and can be accessed at 
https://Aurum_Prop_Tech_Limited_AR_2024_25.pdf  
and https://Aurum_PropTech_Limited_Noticeof12thAGM.pdf,  respectively. 
 
In order to receive communications from the Company promptly, we request you to immediately 
register your email address – 
• in case shares are held in electronic form, with your Depository Participant; and 
• in case shares are held in physical form, with KFin Technologies Limited, Registrar and Transfer 
Agent of the  Company at its address given below, by submitting hard copies of duly filled -in, 
signed and attested form ISR1 and form ISR-2 (if required). 

===== PDF PAGE 162 =====
 
Please feel free to contact KFin Technologies Limited, at the details mentioned below, in case 
you have any queries: 
KFin Technologies Limited (Unit: Aurum PropTech Limited)  
Selenium Tower B, Plot 31-32, Gachibowli,  
Financial District,  
Nanakramguda,  
Hyderabad - 500 032  
Toll Free No.: 1800 309 4001 (from 9:00 a.m. (IST) to 6:00 p.m. (IST) on all working days) 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully,  
 
For Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
Sd/- 
Sonia Jain  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 