[[PAGE 1 / 21]]
August 03rd, 2026


 BSE Limited                                    National Stock Exchange of India Ltd,
 PJ. Towers, Dalal Street                       Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex,
 Mumbai-400001                                  Bandra (East), Mumbai -400051
 Scrip Code: 532668                             NSE Symbol: AURIONPRO


Subject: Transcript of earning call held on 28th July, 2026 for the Quarter ended June
30th, 2026.

Dear Sir/Madam,

In accordance with Regulation 30 & 46 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, enclosed transcript of the earning call held on July 28th, 2026
for the Q1 & FY 2026-27.

Kindly take the above information on record and confirm compliance.

Thanking you,

Yours faithfully

For Aurionpro Solutions Limited

             Digitally signed
NINAD     by NINAD
PRABHAK PRABHAKAR
          KELKAR
AR KELKAR Date: 2026.08.03
          12:59:00 +05'30'


Ninad Kelkar
Company Secretary


Encl: as above

[[PAGE 2 / 21]]
         “Aurionpro Solutions Limited
      Q1 & FY27 Earnings Conference Call”
                 July 28, 2026




MANAGEMENT:   MR. ASHISH RAI – GROUP CEO & VICE CHAIRMAN –
              AURIONPRO SOLUTIONS LIMITED
              MR. VIPUL PARMAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER –
              AURIONPRO SOLUTIONS LIMITED
              MR. NINAD KELKAR – COMPANY SECRETARY –
              AURIONPRO SOLUTIONS LIMITED

[[PAGE 3 / 21]]
                                                                                  Aurionpro Solutions Limited
                                                                                                July 28, 2026
Moderator:    Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Aurionpro Solution Limited Q1 FY27
              results conference call.


              Today on this call we have with us from the Management Mr. Ashish Rai – Group CEO and Vice-
              Chairman, Mr. Vipul Parmar – Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Ninad Kelkar – Company
              Secretary.


              Let me draw your attention to the fact that today's discussion may include certain forward-
              looking statements, which are predictions, projections or other estimates about future events.
              These statements reflect management's current expectations about the future performance of
              the company and are subject to various risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results
              to differ materially. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen only mode and there will
              be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes.


              I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ashish Rai – Group CEO and Vice Chairman at Aurionpro
              Solutions Limited. Following his comments, we will open the forum for question-and-answer
              session.


              Thank you and over to you, sir.


Ashish Rai:   Thanks. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining our Q1 FY 27 Earnings Call.


              Q1 was obviously below the growth and profitability trajectory that we have been delivering,
              but it's a fairly strong proof of our ability to adapt as an organization when we are challenged
              to do so.


              Revenue was Rs. 358 crores, up 6.3% year-on-year. Banking and FinTech grew about 5% to
              Rs.200 crores plus. TIG grew 8.4% to Rs. 157 crores. EBITDA was Rs. 61 crores at 17% and profit
              after tax was Rs. 45 crores. We should be clear eyed while also recognizing the execution
              progress beneath these numbers.


              We added 23 new customer logos, which is a record for Q1. In the United States, we secured
              our largest ever order. We also won a large transaction banking mandate, which is rare for Q1.
              Started execution on one of our largest projects in the data center space and escalated our
              sales push into newer markets for both transit as well as banking.


              Conversion improved from Q4 and sequential growth was stronger than in the last few Q1s. It
              remained below the normal trajectory because of continuing MEA disruption, some timing
              shifts in project go lives, data center milestones as well, like we talked about, supply chain
              pressures and capacity, like we mentioned before, deployed to our AI native stack build out.
              We expect improving execution over the next few quarters as we progress into the year.


              This is not really a demand issue. Our order book is strong. The pipeline is healthy. Engagement
              is improving. Our priority is converting demand into go lives and revenue. We have expanded



                                         Page 2 of 20

[[PAGE 4 / 21]]
                                                                  Aurionpro Solutions Limited
                                                                                July 28, 2026
demand generation in the United States, in Southeast Asia, in Europe, like we said we will do
at the end of Q4.


We tightened project governance and we have calibrated the R&D investments to sustain the
innovation we have but restored margins as well.


Let me step back from the quarter for a bit. Enterprise software is entering its most
consequential architectural shift since the cloud. The previous generation digitized and
automated workflows. The next will reason over context, coordinate work through agents, act
in real time. In mission critical industries like the ones that we serve, software must evolve
around trusted data, around domain intelligence, security and accountability.


AI will make domain depth more valuable as systems of record become systems of intelligence
and action. Winning requires production grade software, proprietary intelligence,
implementation capability and trust. That is the stack we are building through AurionAI,
Arya.AI, Lexi labs. We are completing key build outs across our AI native banking portfolio,
beginning with trade finance that we have already announced. This absorbs capacity today but
creates a reusable platform over time. As the build outs mature, we will shift capacity towards
implementation, accelerating the revenue conversion for banking business.


Transaction banking has a significant headroom in Southeast Asia and MEA and we have
pushed hard. Traction is being built up in Southeast Asia, it's building up in Europe. Arya.AI is
seeing a strong demand across banking and insurance as customers move from
experimentation to production.


Transit demonstrates the strength of our full stack model. We secured mandates from Mumbai
Metro that we talked about, from Delhi Metro, and many more successes across the transit
portfolio. These wins deepen our India leadership as well as the global play that we have as the
international pipeline expands.


Data center business is at an inflection point. As capacity comes online and secured mandates
that we already started execution on convert into revenue, the conversion should accelerate
through the year. We expect growth to move above the recent 40- - 50% trajectory that we
have had for the data center business into a higher band than that.


AI is creating a new infrastructure super cycle, and we intend to be foundational to it in India.
The first half performance is obviously starting with Q1 is relatively modest, but deal activity is
improving, execution is gathering pace and our order book gives us confidence that momentum
will build with meaningful acceleration in the second half. We've made or rather I have made
the same statement about accelerating in second half for the last several years but last year it
wasn't true, so we need to remain watchful on MEA and on on large project timelines. We will
respond by diversifying faster, planning better and converting with greater precision rather
than optimizing for short-term optics. The true test of an enterprise is whether it can absorb a




                          Page 3 of 20

[[PAGE 5 / 21]]
                                                                                Aurionpro Solutions Limited
                                                                                              July 28, 2026
              shock, it can learn, it can reallocate resources and continue advancing its mission. This quarter
              has tested us, we have adapted and we are moving forward with greater resilience and focus.


              I want to thank our customers, shareholders and every Aurionite for their trust, support and
              resilience. We enter the remainder of FY27 with landmark wins as you have seen, a much
              stronger geographic balance than we had last year, a differentiated IP and a healthy pipeline.
              The opportunity ahead is substantial, our strategy is earning customer trust across the world,
              and our teams are executing with urgency.


              We are cautiously optimistic about the year ahead and confident in Aurionpro's long-term
              trajectory. With that, let's move on to questions.


Moderator:    Thank you very much sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer
              session. Participants who wish to ask questions through audio and video can do so by pressing
              the raise hand icon at the bottom of your screen and wait for your turn to speak. When
              prompted, you can accept the prompt on your screen, unmute your audio and video and ask
              questions. Participants who wish to ask questions via chat can click on the Q&A icon at the
              bottom of your screen and post your questions. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a
              moment while the question queue assembles. The first question comes from the line of Anmol
              Garg.


Anmol Garg:   Hey Ashish. A couple of things that I wanted to ask. One is that you said that the execution has
              started for the data center deal. However, you know, there is a sequential decline in the TIG
              vertical this time. So, what is the reason for the same?


Ashish Rai:   Yes, so look, I think it still has to gather pace. Obviously, it's a very large deal and there are
              various components that don't immediately translate into large revenues. But I think over the
              next few months you will see that. So, it's a very large, large project. And obviously, you know,
              it takes a little bit of time to ramp up. But you will see it.


Anmol Garg:   Should we expect that from the second quarter onwards, we might see a larger acceleration
              within the TIG vertical because of this deal?


Ashish Rai:   Yes, so Q2 will certainly see a pickup and then a much more significant one in Q3 and Q4.


Anmol Garg:   Now, on the second question. So, we had signed a $33 million deal in fintech space, right? Now,
              has this deal started to come into revenues? Is there a part of it which has come into the Q1
              revenues? And second, is there a pass-through sort of revenue in this deal? Because what I see
              is that there has been a margin drop for us, despite banking growing faster during the quarter,
              and banking is typically higher margin business for us.


Ashish Rai:   Yes, so no, there is no pass-through. All of it is our capacity going out and delivering. I think,,
              it's very hard to do significant ramp ups from one quarter to the next. But you will slowly see




                                         Page 4 of 20

[[PAGE 6 / 21]]
                                                                                  Aurionpro Solutions Limited
                                                                                                July 28, 2026
              that ramp up happen over, but it's already contributing to the revenue. I think the banking
              question is an interesting one, Anmol, right? So, I sort of mentioned that last quarter as well,
              we are in the middle of pretty significant product build outs across all our banking products,
              because we have a very specific point of view on what the software stack needs to be to adapt
              for the AI age, what will make us much more competitive as we get into the next few years,
              and which means a fairly large partof the capacityis going into those build outs. I think it's got
              nothing to do with pass-throughs or anything at all. I think it's a question of how much capacity
              is going into delivering projects that deliver revenue versus some short-term product build
              outs. I think most of that will normalize over the next quarter or two. As we build out, we have
              already announced a couple of product launches. The next few quarters we will announce a
              few more. Some of them are receiving exceptional feedback, even from newer markets. Maybe
              not present like Europe, for example. And I think we will come back in a few weeks and
              announce some of these, including analyst recognitions etc. So, I think there's a lot of activity
              going on the banking side in terms of rebuilding the product stack and going after newer
              markets. I think that is the sort of temporary kind of shift in capacity, right? But other than that,
              I don't think there is any major change.


Anmol Garg:   So, Ashish, what is the reason for the margin drop and what could be a sustainable margin over
              the period of the year that we can expect?


Ashish Rai:   So, look, I think margin drop purely is a function of revenue, right? I think it's the same thing.
              Ultimately, at the end of the day, it's the revenue, it's the business mix, and it's the amount of
              capacity going into converting the order book to revenue, right?


              And all three of them are a little bit different. And as you go through the year, I think banking
              side, you are right, we generally remain fairly profitable. But ultimately, if a chunk of actual
              product R&D goes in as expenses, then it will temporarily show you an EBITDA number, which
              is slightly lower than what you would see if you were purely using all your capacity on delivering
              revenue, right?


              So, I think to that extent, it will change. I am assuming the question is about banking, right? But
              banking in the longer run, I feel the margins will remain fairly strong.


              And as the software business becomes larger and more global, if you look out over the next
              three, four, five years, the operating leverage will kick in, the amount of incremental
              investments that we have to do every time we enter a new market would come down. So, I
              would say over time, the banking margins will get healthier as you look into the horizon.


Anmol Garg:   Sure. And one last thing is on the guidance, any sort of guidance for the full year in terms of
              the overall growth?




                                         Page 5 of 20

[[PAGE 7 / 21]]
                                                                                  Aurionpro Solutions Limited
                                                                                                July 28, 2026
Ashish Rai:    No, we will not. So, other than the fact that, like the statement I made, I think we will accelerate
               through the year. And you already see, I think the sequential growth from Q1 to Q1 this year is
               stronger than most years we see.


               So, we are already back into growth, unlike the sort of sudden de-growth that we saw in the
               business because we were reacting to it. I think now we are reacting to it a lot better. We've
               done everything we said at the end of last quarter, right?


               We said we will refocus on businesses where we can accelerate growth, which we have done.
               And you will see a lot more of that, especially around data center, around transit, all that stuff
               coming through. We said we will refocus the banking segment away from MEA into other
               markets, which is Southeast Asia, Europe. I am pretty sure this year you will start seeing wins
               in those. And I think that has worked reasonably well. So, over time, honestly, I think this has
               been a good mini pivot for us in terms of balancing out the business.


               So, you will see the results of that coming through the next few quarters. I think we said we
               will tweak both the business focus as well as geography focus a bit, which we have done. And
               I think the results of it will start showing over time.


               Did I miss a part of your question?


Anmol Garg:    No, no, that's about it. Thank you so much, Ashish, for answering my question.


Moderator:     Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Mr. Vinay Menon. Please go ahead.


Vinay Menon:   Thank you, sir. A couple of questions from my side. One, you mentioned Q4, there were a
               couple of deals in the Middle East, which did not close because of the West Asia crisis. Any
               update on them? And can we see them in maybe a quarter or two?


Ashish Rai:    Yes. I hoped that I would say we have closed some of those, but we haven't. Look, I would say,
               things are progressing a lot more in Middle East than it was progressing in Q4.


               I feel good about us getting to a reasonably normal state. You know, in business, I am no expert
               in geopolitics and what happens in the region. But I would say business-wise, you do see some
               traction on deals.


               So, we do hope to be able to announce some wins in the Middle East over the next, I would
               say, quarter or two. Having said that, no, I think that the statement stays true. We've not really
               closed those deals out.


Vinay Menon:   And on the data center part, you know, you mentioned the Q2 and Q3, you could see the bulk
               of the revenue come in from the large deals. Have you taken any costs upfront in Q1? Because
               Q1, you know, gross margins are a little lower. So, anything which we have taken in Q1?




                                          Page 6 of 20

[[PAGE 8 / 21]]
                                                                                   Aurionpro Solutions Limited
                                                                                                 July 28, 2026
Ashish Rai:    Yes, we have. So, basically, I think this is the way I would look at data center business, right? Of
               course, we don't have or we did not have all the capacity we need to build out against the
               demand that we see. Soto some extent, you do need to build capacity in advance. And to that
               extent, we have taken costs out, because we have the visibility to the demand. And the way
               we look at demand is, of course, we announced that large deal. But there is a lot more visibility
               to data center demand than just that deal. So, which will again, play out over the year, right?


               So, we feel the data center pipeline is very, very large. It's a question of us choosing the right
               mix of deals to execute against. We have very quickly established ourselves as a very strong
               full stack partner in the data center space to the really serious hyper scale players who have
               very large investment plans, right?


               So, I think, as we establish ourselves as one of the leading full stack partners in the space, we
               will do more and more. So, we have visibility into the order book, which obviously you are right,
               we will execute again stand that will accelerate in Q2, Q3, Q4. But other than that, also, you
               will see acceleration in terms of new wins and us needing the capacity to execute against that.


               So, we have built some of that capacity in advance, and that is obviously reflecting in the cost
               structure right now, but that will pay for itself. We feel this business is a business that obviously
               has grown strongly for us so far. It's been growing at 40-50% kind of levels. I think it will grow,
               in the interim, at a much, much higher level than that, right? So, we will, over the next few
               quarters, come and talk about it, you will see a leg up from the 40-50% growth levels to a higher
               number.


Vinay Menon:   Okay. And in terms of margin, like for the year, what kind of margin, because we are, you know,
               we are getting this growth from data center and, you know, so what kind of margin should we
               look at from a full year basis?


Ashish Rai:    Yes, so look, every Aurionpro business has its own economic profile. We tend to generalize
               banking software overall and banking software also is multiple software with their own
               economic profiles, right? So, I think every business has its own economic profile, data center,
               it remains four or five points below the enterprise margin.


               I think it will stay so for some time, but we are working on building our products in that space.
               We again talked about that during the investor day, I think Sanjay talked about it. So, that will
               slowly play out in terms of both non-linearity of revenue as well as an improvement in margins,
               right?


               But that is more of a multi-year play rather than a change over a few quarters, right? So, I would
               say if you were looking at the short term, data center would remain some points below the
               enterprise margin levels, but it will more than make up for it with the volume overall. And as
               you look into the future, you say, okay, where the business is for the next three, four, five years.




                                          Page 7 of 20

[[PAGE 9 / 21]]
                                                                                     Aurionpro Solutions Limited
                                                                                                   July 28, 2026
                 We will introduce like we did on the transit side, much more of our IP, much more of our
                 products and slowly get the margins up in the business.


Vinay Menon:     Okay. Thank you. Thank you so much.


Moderator:       Thank you. So, we have the next question from Nilesh Sharma. Nilesh Sharma, I request you to
                 unmute your line and ask a question.


Nilesh Sharma:   Hi. So, can you elaborate what will be the number in terms of total revenue mixture for this
                 financial year in terms of banking, transit and data center?


Ashish Rai:      Yes, so look, I think we have been accelerating across all the businesses at a fairly fast pace. So,
                 I think a lot of it is to play out during the year. As you know, roughly the mix so far has remained
                 at about 55-45 or 56-44 thereabouts.


                 I do feel that some parts of the TIG business have a very strong opportunity to expand,
                 especially like data center we talked about, just the sheer need to build out sovereign sort of
                 AI infrastructure in India, especially to support the AI compute that's needed. I feel it will cause
                 an elevated level of growth for some time on that side of the business. To that extent, it may
                 change the mix somewhat. Will it dramatically change within the year?


                 Probably not. So, I would say we will say banking a few points above 50 and TIG probably a few
                 points below 50. But as you look over the next 2-3 years, I do see that at least a very strong
                 visibility of growth in data center, a very strong visibility of growth in transit.


                 Banking will continue to grow at the pace it is, but it's possible that the growth on the data
                 center side especially is at a much, much higher number. So, to that extent, it will change the
                 mix, probably not this year, but maybe going into next year.


Nilesh Sharma:   Any number we can assume from data center specific? Because as you are saying that we will
                 accelerate from Q2, Q3 and Q4, probably we can accelerate in H2.


Ashish Rai:      Yes, so like most of the acceleration will happen in H2. And I think because of the capacity that
                 you need to really execute against the order book and the pipeline that we see. Do I want to
                 give a number?


                 So, we don't really declare numbers at that level. Data center roughly is a third of the TIG
                 business, which itself is like 45% of the enterprise business. I would say it will become bigger
                 than a third for sure.


                 The growth number for the business would probably be anywhere between 50-100%. So, I
                 think it depends on how much capacity we can grow at what pace to execute against what we
                 see. But it will probably be higher than a third, so maybe about 40 odd percent of TIG by the
                 time we finish the year.



                                            Page 8 of 20

[[PAGE 10 / 21]]
                                                                                     Aurionpro Solutions Limited
                                                                                                   July 28, 2026
Nilesh Sharma:   Any deals which are at advanced stage to be finalized in TIG or data center?


Ashish Rai:      There are several, but I think the pipeline is very active, right? It is the busiest pipeline I have
                 ever seen. But yes, I don't think we will be talking about deals before we close them.


Nilesh Sharma:   Yes, any guidance on R&D expenditure that we will book in next quarter so that we can expect
                 some good numbers in terms of margin?


Ashish Rai:      Yes, so look, R&D would more or less remain at a similar sort of number. I think I don't see that
                 changing meaningfully this year. So, R&D would be probably be somewhere between 10 and a
                 half to 11% thereabouts. I think there are some R&D projects that are reaching their natural
                 sort of end of life, right? So, to that extent, it may come down a little bit, especially let's say
                 after half of the year. But yes, I don't expect it to significantly change.


Nilesh Sharma:   Any major impact of this geopolitical disruption in our new deals, new geography that we are
                 trying to capture, specifically Europe, Middle East, and how much time will it take to get
                 normalized on realistic assumption that we as a promoter, you are taking?


Ashish Rai:      Look, Middle East is the question mark, right? So, last year, we got to double digit percentage
                 of the revenue from Middle East and we are expecting at least on the banking side, a much
                 more significant contribution to growth that actually came down to zero. And honestly, we
                 don't have a good handle on that.


                 I think like I said, even at the end of last quarter, there are things we can't control. So, I think
                 we can't do much about it. What we have done is we have refocused on trying to sell in more
                 geography. So, to expand, for example, the transaction banking stack to Southeast Asia, which
                 is a very strong base for our lending solution set.


                 I am pretty sure you will see some wins on it this year. Expand into Europe in a meaningful way.
                 So, I don't think outside of Middle East, there is any other concern that I am aware of.


                 The Middle East situation, honestly, we do see deals progressing. So, it's not like it was in Q4.
                 We've not been able to bring deals to closure as much.


                 So, to that extent, there is still slowness in the geography as to when that gets better. I would
                 not hazard a guess. Honestly, we don't know.


                 But I think it's a meaningful percentage of our overall mix. And to that extent, it will impact by
                 the time, in any case, in two quarters, it will normalize itself. So, there is at least no year-on-
                 year impact of Middle East after Q3.


Nilesh Sharma:   Okay, I will join in the queue. But, last question from my end. If you can share any number in
                 terms of revenue for this financial year, definitely use guidance that we will grow at much
                 higher rate. But if any guidance, if you can share with us.



                                            Page 9 of 20

[[PAGE 11 / 21]]
                                                                                     Aurionpro Solutions Limited
                                                                                                   July 28, 2026
Ashish Rai:       No. So, I think I have been fairly clear about this at beginning of the year that I think there is
                  too many uncertain factors for us to really do a good job of providing a guidance. So, I think we
                  feel that from where we were in Q4, the business has gotten back to growth.


                  I think that is really all credit to all parts of Aurionpro, adapting to where the market was going.
                  We became too dependent on Middle East for growth on the software side, at least that we
                  have pivoted away from. So, to that extent, I think we feel good about where we are and how
                  the teams have adapted to things we needed to change.


                  We've grown at a breakneck pace for the last five years. I think the size of Q1 is what the size
                  of Aurionpro used to be four to five years back. So, it's a significant long run where we did get
                  stressed. And to that extent, I think this is a blessing in disguise. We do get an opportunity to
                  reset the markets, reset the teams which we have done. I think the Q4 to Q1 trajectory is pretty
                  good.


                  And I think we will just keep pressing on for the rest of the year. I don't want to get into giving
                  guidance right now. I don't think we can do a very accurate job at it right now.


Moderator:        Thank you, sir. The next question comes from the line of Darshil Zaveri. Darshan Zaveri, could
                  you please unmute your line and ask a question?


Darshil Zaveri:   Hi. Thank you so much for taking the question. So, I just wanted to know like in terms of our
                  margins this year, this quarter, you were saying that some kind of revenue was more difficult
                  to achieve with some higher costs, right? So, even data center ramping up in H2, will our
                  margins maybe this year from the average 20% that we used to do, could be in mid-teens 17%
                  or what would you clarify? A range will also do because this is taking more time, right? R&D
                  spending is not reducing. Data center is a bit less margin accretive. So, just wanted to get your
                  thoughts on that, sir.


Ashish Rai:       Yes, so look, I would not worry about the data center side too much. First of all, that business
                  consumes very little capital. Second, even if let us say we are a few points behind on the margin,
                  it will more than make up for it with the volume, right? So, the net contribution to the
                  enterprise is going to be very, very strong from the business, right? So, I think the way to look
                  at it is just the sheer scale of opportunity and the part that Aurionpro can play in building out
                  sovereign AI infrastructure that India so desperately needs.And as we play our part on it and
                  as the cycle, this is not an ordinary cycle. This is a massive infrastructure super cycle that this
                  country has never seen. And as that plays out over the next 8 to 10 years, the impact that we
                  can make as an enterprise would be very, very significant compared to where we are and the
                  impact that it will make on Aurionpro's P&L would be very, very significant compared to where
                  we are. So, I think it's not fair to look at a business from a quarter or two quarters perspective.


                  It is just a very, very significant opportunity for Aurionpro to play a role in once in a generation
                  build out that's happening in this country. And as we improve our contribution, we bring more




                                            Page 10 of 20

[[PAGE 12 / 21]]
                                                                    Aurionpro Solutions Limited
                                                                                  July 28, 2026
of our IP like we have done in some of the other businesses, more of our products, we gain in
capabilities. I think the impact of it will be something you can't really imagine right now.


So, I think that is the way to look at that business. I would not really worry about sayinga few
points, we all know about margins up and down. The idea is even if the margin is lower, the
volume will more than make up for it.


So, I think it consumes almost no capital. So, the return on capital is exceptionally high. So, I
think that is the way to look at it.


I feel that the rest of the business, from a margin trajectory standpoint, again, from one quarter
to the next quarter, you can't tell but software as it gains traction, gains operating leverage will
get more profitable over time. We do expense a lot of R&D. So, that does tend to mask the
actual real EBITDA in the business. But over time, that will play out. We have a very definite
point of view on what software needs to be for the age of AI. And we feel very, very good about
where that will take us over the next several years, right.


So, what would have taken us a very long time to get to a leadership position in the industry
takes a lot shorter for us with the new stack, which is receiving exceptional feedback in the
market, right. So, again, software itself will improve in margins, right and it will over time
balance out.


And over time, I think like margin is a function of like I said, different businesses have very
different economic profiles. At the enterprise level, it nets to a certain number, it does not
mean every business in the enterprise is doing the same number..


So, the way to look at Aurionpro is a fairly decentralized group of probably 13-14 P&Ls, most
of them product P&Ls, some of them services P&Ls. And each of them works hard to become
a top three global player, top three player in each of the businesses that they focus on. And
over time, the economics will sort of prove itself, right.


So, like, if you really look at the transit the business, for example, it's probably a few years of
data center right when we started off, we had very, very little IP in that business. But today,
we have IP across every single point of the value chain, right. And that makes us a very powerful
competitor in that space. But it's taken us five to six years to get there. Right. So, similarly, all
our businesses will get there. But it's a cycle. And riding that cycle takes the R&D spend. That's
what sort of masks some of the margins that go out.


So, I think one has to look at the picture together. Overall, I think it's been playing out well for
us over the , last four to five years. And I feel it will play out very well for us over the next four
to five years as we ride these cycles.




                          Page 11 of 20

[[PAGE 13 / 21]]
                                                                                        Aurionpro Solutions Limited
                                                                                                      July 28, 2026
Darshil Zaveri:   Okay, fair enough. So also, I think in one slide, we have mentioned, you know, our directional
                  path for 2030. So, we just wanted to know the value potential that you have given is a very
                  huge range. So, you know, just could you maybe help us like, what are other parts of your focus
                  in that? Like, what's the reason? I think it's 560 million dollars to 1.7 billion dollars, right? That's
                  a decently big change. So, could you narrow it down for us and our pathway to reach that
                  potential? And just one more suggestion, sir, the data center is going to become like more than
                  20% of our business, can we disclose it separately in PPT? That would be really helpful. I think
                  everyone's going to bug you for that question in each call as it is, irrespective.


Ashish Rai:       Yes, so look, I think the decision to start disclosing at a sub segment level is something that,
                  you know, we will sort of consider internally, and we will see to what extent do we want to
                  disclose and what additional value does that add to the information available to the
                  shareholder, right? So, I think we will look at that and we will consider it.I am not sure I fully
                  understood the value potential question.


                  So the way we looked at it, obviously, we are going after, when we did the pivot four or five
                  years back, right? We carefully selected some spaces; those spaces were essentially at the
                  intersection of three circles. One, does it have a long demand runway? And we chose segments
                  which we thought had long demand runways, data center, transit, banking software,
                  AI.Second, it must be a space where we feel the global leadership is contested so that we can
                  make a play for it. So, it should not be like a Visa MasterCard kind of situation, no space for a
                  third guy.


                  And it should be a space where Aurionpro has some unique advantage to build out a tier one
                  IP, tier one asset, right? As long as those three circles intersect, we go and make a bet. We
                  haven't really meaningfully chased those bets for the last four or five years. It's just that the
                  market environment for those bets over time keeps evolving and from time to time something
                  becomes more fashionable than the other. But we are convinced each of these is a very large
                  space where we feel we have a shot at becoming the top three global player in that space.
                  That's been our ambition for, we have stated it five years back as well.


                  I have not changed that slide since. And that will remain our ambition till we get there. So,
                  basically, if you look at it, I think over time, but these segments obviously have very large TAMs,
                  right? So, we did not want to come up with just a TAM number. So, what we said is narrow it
                  down to one specific named account, specific dollar numbers, in specific geographies, that
                  calculates to what we call a SAM number, which is essentially the addressable market for
                  Aurionpro solutions. And then we had the final number, which we think is an obtainable
                  number, which is anywhere between 5- 15% market share on the SAM that we can address,
                  right?


                  So, that is essentially what that mix is. Whether or not we get there, time will tell. Like I said,
                  the size of our Q1 this year was what the size of Aurionpro was four or five years back.




                                             Page 12 of 20

[[PAGE 14 / 21]]
                                                                                   Aurionpro Solutions Limited
                                                                                                 July 28, 2026
               We continue executing at the pace with some ups and downs here and there. I mean, not every
               quarter you go at the same pace, you will make a meaningful dent on that number, right? So,
               the idea was not to come up with some overall size of the market, but what we think is an
               obtainable size for Aurionpro in the markets we are in, with the products we are building out
               and making a play and making a respectable sort of share from the market.


               What I have seen in experiences when we build our products out and start competing, we
               actually win a lot more share than anyone in the business. Whether it's on the transaction
               banking stack, whether it's on the transit stack, you can see in the markets that we compete
               in, on the win rates, upwards of 50%-win rates on most of those products once we build out.
               So, when we get in the game and start competing, the market share ends up being larger than
               what we conservatively estimate, right?


               And that sort of explains the range overall, right? But I would say beyond that, don't read more
               into it than that. It's essentially an articulation of what is the obtainable market, whether or
               not you can actually obtain that market, time will tell.


               So, we have to stay focused on the goal. If we build out products which are superior to the
               competition, if we stay true to our DNA of never failing a customer, we will get to that, we will
               probably get to higher than that. But till then, we need to keep our heads down, execute and
               time will tell whether we succeed or fail.


Moderator:     The next question comes from the line of Kunal Bajaj.


Kunal Bajaj:   Yes. Hi, Ashish. Sorry for the bad connection. So, three questions. Specifically, you indicated
               that in Q1, it was impacted by the seasonality, project timing shifts, as well as higher input cost.
               So, can you quantify or throw some color on the impact of all these factors? And are we
               expecting to normalize entirely by Q2? Or are we seeing some pass-throughs in H2 as well?
               That is one. A question about order book. So, order books remain healthy while we see
               conversion is below the normal trajectory, what we see. So, what specifically needs to happen
               with the next two quarters for the conversion to return? And apart from the customer-specific
               delays in MEA, do we see any other execution bottlenecks? And thirdly, a follow-up question
               on the previous participants. So, we see that FY27 margins are impacted due to data center
               heavy mix. So, should we expect any recalibration in the earlier margin guidance of 20% to 22%
               in the near term? Yes, that's it. Thank you.


Ashish Rai:    Hi, Kunal. So, let me just take this one by one. So, do I expect a full normalization of everything
               by Q2? Like I said, some of those factors, so seasonality part of it is fine, right? So, Q1, generally
               seasonally for us, is a slow quarter in terms of conversions for various reasons, especially in
               terms of deal conversion, sorry, not revenue conversion itself, and I think to that extent, it's
               actually proven to be a fairly strong quarter. I think we had, in terms of new wins, probably our
               strongest Q1 like ever that I can remember, right?




                                         Page 13 of 20

[[PAGE 15 / 21]]
                                                                   Aurionpro Solutions Limited
                                                                                 July 28, 2026
So, that way, I think it's proven to be strong. But I think some of the other factors probably will
not settle down over Q2, right? And I will come to the capacity part, but basically even the
Middle East situation, I don't know whether you can fully expect it to normalize by Q2.


I think you can fully expect the impact to go away by Q3 purely because there is no more year-
on-year comparison for it, right? So, just the comp goes away, whether or not the Middle-East
situation goes away. But broadly, I would say some of those factors will continue to stay.


The test for us is not really whether those factors stay, the test is to what extent can we pivot
away from there, right? And which is what we have been working towards, right? Can we
reduce sales dependence?


Can we reduce revenue dependence? Can we focus more on businesses and products which
are not there, for example, data center, transit, etc right? So, I think to that extent, I feel good
about us being able to move away from a bunch of those factors over the next quarter or two.


Not everything is going to go away, right? The conversion, and that's probably mixed up with
question number one as well. One of the factors is the order book, it is a necessary condition
for revenue, but that's not a sufficient condition for revenue because you need to do a project
to convert that order book into revenue.


And there are two real factors, right? Very large deals, typically the conversion cycles are
longer, because our typical projects are 12 months or thereabouts. But these are much, much
longer projects. So, it takes you long to get the revenue. The second is especially for something
like data center, if you look at it, the size of the deals are now much larger than what we were
doing even three or four quarters back. So, there is a buildup of capacity that needs to happen.
And that capacity buildup is a function, it doesn't happen overnight. So, it's a function of, you
know, how large the project is, how much is the capacity and hence we then slowly ramp into
the project. So, it's not that you get a linear sort of conversion on day one.


I think that is happening right now. And I suppose that will get normalized by the time you
reach end of Q2 or early Q3. So, I think that will sort of start flowing in.


So, what slows down conversion of order book into revenue is one, the size, the sheer duration
of the project. But the second is, do I have the capacity to execute against it, right? So, on the
data center side, it's pretty clear because when you are on such a massive growth trajectory,
you do need to build net new capacity, which we are building out.


We've really rolled out a lot of specific initiatives to do that. And I think we are seeing success
with it. On the banking side, the question is a little bit different and slightly more temporary.


Again, the order book is there, but we are going through what is probably once in a lifetime
fundamental shift in technology, where you have two choices in enterprise. Do I just pretend




                          Page 14 of 20

[[PAGE 16 / 21]]
                                                                   Aurionpro Solutions Limited
                                                                                 July 28, 2026
as if everything is totally normal and keep on executing the way everything is normal? Or do I
double down and invest on my specific point of view of where this needs to be?


If I double down and invest and I am right, the price is much, much bigger than the steady state
business. So, it's worth diverting some capacity right now to go and invest in a new product
stack. We did that four years back and we had an exceptional success with it, right?


So, we are, for example, the transaction banking stack that we talk about. I don't think anyone
in the market has ever gotten close to the kind of win rates we have purely because we had
the courage three years back to go and rebuild the whole stack. The moment right now is
exactly that.


We feel over the next few years the world will need a completely new type of software. The
need for software does not go away, but what that software needs to be is slightly different
from what it is today. We have a very specific point of view on it, and we are building against
it.


So, if you look at it, I have said this many times before, but at the cost of repeating myself,
right, what do we think this sort of banking software 2.0 needs to be or needs to do? It's
essentially three things. It needs to do everything that software 1.0 was doing. It needs to do
two more things. It needs to provide the agents, the rails, the tools that they need to become
first class operators on the banking workflow, right? And it needs to provide the banks and the
human operators in the banks with the tools that they need to govern these agents.


Unless you solve for it, you are not solving for the next generation of software. And that is why
it is so urgent that we build it right now and we will build it. Of course, we are balancing out
between customer commitments and R&D.


We don't divert all capacity to one side, but it is important to build that right now. But that is
the function of the next quarter or two. And then I think a lot of our build out is done, especially
because we are a lot more productive with those build outs right now, right?


So, that is a temporary phenomenon. Again, is it exactly three months and does it go away by
end of Q2 and not into Q3? I can't tell, but over the next one, two quarters, I think that gets
normalized.


So, we have a lot more capacity available to convert the banking order book to the venue,
which is again what we will do, right? So, I think that is sort of your question number two. That's
what sort of slows down the conversion of order book to the revenue, but we are hyper focused
on it at the moment.


And you will see progress on it over the next quarter or two, given all the other priorities, right?
Question number three was about FY27 margins. Can you repeat that question?




                          Page 15 of 20

[[PAGE 17 / 21]]
                                                                                  Aurionpro Solutions Limited
                                                                                                July 28, 2026
               I probably did not note that down properly. I don't want to answer an incorrect question.


Moderator:     I am sorry, sir. He has left the queue, sir.


Ashish Rai:    Okay, fine. Let's move on then. I think FY27 margins, just to add, we are not getting into a
               guidance for the full year on either the revenue or the margin. We see us accelerating,
               especially as we get into H2. And I think I said that in my opening remarks as well, one has to
               be careful with that statement as well, because I have made that statement every single year
               for the last five years. And it's been proven true four years out of five, but last year that was
               not true, right? But I think just the sheer nature of our business is such that second half tends
               to be larger than the first half. And a lot of our project execution accelerates into Q3 and Q4.
               We just need to be very methodical, very careful on how we are executing with discipline to
               convert that into revenue.


               And especially some of the projects are exceptionally large size projects. So, it really matters
               whether or not it works to schedule. And a minor slippage from Q4 to Q1 can actually be very
               material in terms of revenue number, right?


               So, I think we just need to be very, very careful about how we execute through the year. But I
               feel as we go through the year, especially into H2, we will see that acceleration.


Moderator:     Thank you, Sir. The next question comes from the line of Tejas Gutka. Tejas Gutka, we request
               you to unmute your line and ask a question.


Tejas Gutka:   Hi. Just picking up on some of your comments, you mentioned a little bit about reallocation of
               resources from implementation towards R&D. You have spoken a lot about the need for
               banking software 2.0 versus 1.0. But my point was that the client is going to spend when they
               are going to spend, right? If we are not selling, someone else is selling. So, that's, in some ways,
               a loss of market share. So, why not expand the team and have a dedicated R&D team doing the
               R&D stuff and continue selling? So, have we stopped selling? Are we seeding market share
               consciously because we think we will come up with better products? And if yes, then would we
               not have done a banking 1.0 sale today and say, okay, look, six months down the line, one year
               down the line, we will come up with an upgrade and run it as normal course of business?


Ashish Rai:    Yes, so interesting question. No, I don't think we are slowing down in terms of selling at all. I
               think if you look at any of our products, I mean, look at transaction banking, that's sort of the
               bulk of the banking software sales that happened. We probably, in the markets that we are in,
               we got north of 50% market share, 50% share win rates in terms of new wins that have come
               to the market. And not just last year, but the last two, three years, right? So, I think that we
               will continue to sell. We continue to move into newer markets, right? So, it's not really a choice
               you are making in terms of stopping to sell. Product implementations take time.




                                         Page 16 of 20

[[PAGE 18 / 21]]
                                                                                   Aurionpro Solutions Limited
                                                                                                 July 28, 2026
               Most product implementations are 12-to-18-month projects, and then you will see a different
               shift in capacity within that. The reason the current moment in time is so unique is that I think
               you are going through a period where there is a distinct uptick in terms of productivity that you
               can get from the same consultant, from the same developer, from the same skill set that you
               had purely because of the availability of AI driven tool sets to do the development work, to do
               the implementation work, etc. And slowly productivity is seeping through.


               Now, there is like no sort of rule that kind of tells you exactly how that matches out. But we do
               feel that uptick in productivity over a four-five quarter period, I think the uptick in productivity
               makes up for not adding the staff overall, because I am just that much more productive using
               all the AI tools. But for a quarter or two or three quarters, as we are adjusting to it, you may
               see a little bit of an effect.


               Now you say, why not just hire 400 more people right now and fire them in three quarters?
               We are just not that kind of an organization, right? So, I think we are a highly people centric
               organization, I would feel highly irresponsible doing something like that, right?


               So, I think we feel the productivity gain from the usage of recent tools across especially the
               software world, would more than make up for some of the capacity diversion towards R&D
               and all, it's just a question of balancing it out over a couple of quarters, right? So, but does that
               mean you are losing business in the market? No, not really.


               I mean, you look at our track record of the market related to just about anyone we compete
               with, we win more than we lose. And our win rates are only strengthening as we are
               strengthening our stack. And as we roll out brand new products, it will only get stronger.


Tejas Gutka:   Yes, appreciate that. And, you know, we hit this at a console level about 320 -330 crore in I
               think, March of 25. In five, six quarters that, you know, our top lines that have been stuck into
               this range. Employee costs have, I think, almost doubled during this period. So, when do we
               start seeing, you know, when do we break out of this range? And when do we start seeing the
               benefits of these investments that that we are making, you know, and just going back to my
               previous point, I was not saying that, you know, hire today, fire tomorrow. But at that scale, I
               am sure you can absorb more employees and some of those R&D employees could come back
               to normal course of business is how I was thinking about it,but you have a better hand on this
               than me.


Ashish Rai:    Yes, look, I think so. First of all, I think it's important not to go to the extremes of any question
               or any situation, right? We do not have a fundamental sort of capacity issue to service the order
               book. And it's also not that we have not been growing capacity to deliver against the order
               book. Like I said, we have been building capacity. It's a question of to what extent we want to
               build capacity and what part of it can come out of tooling and productivity gains and all that
               stuff, right? And both of those things need to need to match up. So, there is no like, a complete
               either zero or 100. It's a question of slowly building it out. Capacity build out typically , unless



                                           Page 17 of 20

[[PAGE 19 / 21]]
                                                                                        Aurionpro Solutions Limited
                                                                                                      July 28, 2026
                  you are in a services business, right? Where you say, I put 100 people, I build 100 people, right?
                  I mean, that is fine. I can probably ramp it up over one month, two months and get it done,
                  right? In most of our businesses, capacity ramp up takes time. Because we are in the business
                  of complex products, complex projects, and it takes time to ramp up the team. So, it's not a
                  simple thing of just doing it, but we have been doing it over time, right? I am kind of forgetting
                  the second part of your question.


Tejas Gutka:      A, I mentioned about capacity in terms of human costs are kind of more than doubled and B,
                  that you know, we have been in this range of over time.


Ashish Rai:       In the range, yes, So, I think the range part of it is a little bit excessive. Like I said, you know, if
                  you go back four years of FY21, we were a Rs, 375 crore revenue business, right? For the full
                  year. Now you are looking at a 300, like similar sized quarter. And that's just Q1, which is usually
                  our smallest quarter, right? So, I don't think we are stuck in any range. I think we will continue
                  to grow the business even within the year between Q1 and Q4. You will see, you will see a
                  difference. And then businesses, like businesses don't run on Excel sheets, right? I mean, not
                  all quarters will be the same. You will, but progressively, I think if there is one business in the
                  tech world, among the listed tech firms in India, which is not in a range, it's us probably, we
                  have progressively been growing the size of the organization. And I feel very good about us
                  being able to do that as we go, right? So, I don't know, and I will probably have to go back and
                  look at the numbers to understand this whole-range question. But at least in the four odd years
                  that I have been facing you, I have seen us go from, you know, a 400-500 crore number to
                  where we are today. And I think that has not happened in any particular quarter or particular
                  year that's happened progressively quarter after quarter, right? So, I think we continue to chip
                  along, right? Q4 was a, I am not saying Q4 was a, you know, was a great quarter, right? I do say
                  we are below the sort of longer-term trend line that we have, and we will find a path to getting
                  to the trend line.


Moderator:        Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Kshitij Sowlani


Kshtij Sowlani:   Hi, sir. Thank you for taking my question. Instead of focusing much more on revenue and
                  EBITDA for FY27, I would like to ask you about the cash conversion which we are seeing in Q1
                  and in the running quarter as well. And as our cash conversion was not that great in FY26, how
                  do you see FY27 panning out when it comes to cash conversion, cash to EBITDA conversion as
                  such?


Ashish Rai:       Yes, great, great question. Thanks, Kshitij. So, look, I think we are very, very focused on cash
                  conversion right now this year. So, I think both conversion of order book to revenue and
                  conversion of revenue to cash or rather EBITDA to cash is something which is an extreme focus
                  for us right now. So, I think we, I do expect us to, as we progress through the year, to be in a
                  pretty good position on that front. And to the extent that the, I think what really happens is as
                  we focus on execution and conversion of order book to revenue, if we are really executing well,
                  it will result in better cash. We are also not doing, so one of the big deployments of cash for us



                                             Page 18 of 20

[[PAGE 20 / 21]]
                                                                                       Aurionpro Solutions Limited
                                                                                                     July 28, 2026
                   over the last couple of years was acquisitions. As you have seen, we acquired a bunch of
                   enterprises the fantastic businesses, fantastic teams that we wanted to partner with over the
                   last two, three years. But we are not going to make a significant, or we are not going to make
                   any meaningful sort of acquisition for the next few times. So, that automatically frees up the
                   big sort of demand of cash that we used to have in the business for the next few quarters. We
                   are also not going to meaningfully increase the R&D side of the expense. So, that should also,
                   to that extent, as the business gets larger, reduce the pressure on cash. So one, focus a lot
                   more on operational execution that generates the cash. Second, there is probably less demand
                   for that cash from within the enterprise on the places where we invest cash. Overall, I think for
                   this year, the plan is for us to focus sharply on it.


                   Of course, we are executing against very large, complex projects. So, to that extent, we need
                   to manage the project cycles and see how that progresses through the year. But on both sides
                   of the equation, I think we intend to sort of show some progress through the year. And we will
                   obviously come back at the middle of H1 and talk about it in more detail.


Kshitij Sowlani:   So, like H1 last year, we saw extremely negative OCF. So, going into H1 this year, can we see a
                   positive OCF and then probably build on that in H2 and show a conversion of 60-70% EBITDA?


Ashish Rai:        So, I don't know. I think, so, it's not just last year. Typically, at the end of H1, we do have a
                   negative OCF purely because of the payment cycles that we go through. I don't know whether
                   I want to say that you will get to a positive number at the end of H1, but we will certainly try
                   to be in good shape in H1 and then accelerate through H2. So, I think typically the way our
                   business works, and I don't want to set expectations which I can't meet. Typically, the way our
                   project cycles work, things do go into 12 months sort of cycle in terms of when we convert to
                   cash. So, typically, for us, at least for the last 4-5 years that I have been around, you will finish
                   H1, if not negative, close to zero, but most likely negative. The question is to what extent. So, I
                   think we are very focused on execution. So, hopefully, I think it should be a good number.


Kshitij Sowlani:   Okay, thank you, sir. So, just one more question on the data center deal which we will convert
                   this year, by the end of this year. What I can see is that most of the growth which we will see
                   in this year will solely come from that deal of 350 crores, approximately. So, what about the
                   other business which we have in the transit space, which was supposed to grow at 30%, north
                   of 30% growth, and the banking which was growing at 20-25% in the last couple of years, what
                   happened to that?


Ashish Rai:        Yes, so, I did not make that statement. I think you are making it that most of the growth will
                   come from the data center deal. Look, for sure, the data center side will contribute to business,
                   not just that deal, but maybe more deals than that. I have no doubt transit will grow. I have no
                   doubt banking will grow. So, I feel like it, I don't think that statement is accurate at all. I would
                   sort of contest that a bit, right? So, I would say data center will go strongly. I have already made
                   that statement. It's a question of how much we can execute till the end of this year. It's not a
                   single year deal. It's a multi-year execution anyways, right? So, part of it will come this year.



                                             Page 19 of 20

[[PAGE 21 / 21]]
                                                                                                   Aurionpro Solutions Limited
                                                                                                                 July 28, 2026
                              Will transit grow? Yes. Will banking grow? Yes. Will the AI side grow? Yes, right? Question is
                              how much? And I think as the year progresses, we will come back and we will report that.


Kshitij Sowlani:              Okay, that's very clear. Thank you so much for answering the question. Thank you.


Moderator:                    Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, due to the paucity of time, that was the last question. I
                              now hand the conference over to Mr. Ashish for his closing comments.


Ashish Rai:                   Hi, first of all, thanks for taking the time out to join the call. I think if I was to really summarize
                              the situation for us from a demand standpoint, you have seen that in the order book, you have
                              seen that in the pipeline. I think we see a lot of strength across businesses. From the execution
                              side, we do have some things to work on, which I have been fairly transparent about. And I
                              think we will continue to chip away at how we convert the order book into revenue in an
                              accelerated fashion. That will be the focus in Q2, Q3, and Q4. And I will come back and I will
                              talk to you as we finish Q2. Thank you so much for taking the time out. Thank you.


Moderator:                    Thank you, sir. On behalf of Aurionpro Solutions Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank
                              you for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.




(This document has been edited for readability purpose)


Contact Information:
E-mail: investorrelation@aurionpro.com




Registered Office:
Aurionpro Solutions Limited
Synergia IT Park,
Rabale, Navi Mumbai – 400 701,
Maharashtra, India


Website: www.aurionpro.com




                                                         Page 20 of 20

