[[PAGE 1 / 20]]
QCL/SEC/2025-26/95

February 03, 2026

To,
BSE Limited                                                     National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,                                      Exchange Plaza,
Dalal Street,                                                   Bandra- Kurla Complex,
Mumbai – 400 001                                                Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051
Security Code – 539978                                          NSE Symbol – QUESS

Dear Sir/ Madam,

Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call – Q3 FY26

Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of the Earnings Call held on
January 29, 2026.

The above information is also available on the website of the Company at www.quesscorp.com.

Kindly take the same on record and oblige.

Yours sincerely,

For Quess Corp Limited
Kundan Digitally   signed by
          Kundan Kumar Lal

Kumar Lal Date: 2026.02.03
          20:23:50 +05'30'

Kundan K Lal
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Membership No.: F8393

Encl: as above




 Quess Corp Limited
 Quess Tower, Sky Walk Avenue, 32/4, Hosur Road, Roopena Agrahara, Bommanahalli, Bengaluru– 560068, Karnataka, India
 Tel: +91 080-49345666 I contactus@quesscorp.com I CIN L74140KA2007PLC043909


 www.quesscorp.com

[[PAGE 2 / 20]]
                  “Quess Corp Limited
         Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call”
                    January 29, 2026




MANAGEMENT: MR. GURUPRASAD SRINIVASAN – EXECUTIVE
            DIRECTOR
            MR. NEERAJ JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
            MR. LOHIT BHATIA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
            MR. KAPIL JOSHI – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER –
            QUESS IT STAFFING
            MR. NITIN DAVE – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER –
            QUESS STAFFING SOLUTIONS
            MR. KUSHAL MAHESHWARI – HEAD, INVESTOR
            RELATIONS AND TREASURY


MODERATOR:    MR. SIDDHARTH ZABAK – IIFL CAPITAL SERVICES
              LIMITED




                         Page 1 of 19

[[PAGE 3 / 20]]
                                                                                                  Quess Corp Limited.
                                                                                                    January 29, 2026

Moderator:               Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Quess Corp Q3 FY'26 Earnings Conference
                         Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an
                         opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance
                         during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-
                         tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.


                         I now hand the conference over to sir Siddharth Zabak. Thank you, and over to you, sir.


Siddharth Zabak:         Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, good morning, and thank you for joining us on the post Q3
                         FY'26 and 9-month FY'26 Results Conference Call for Quess Corp Limited. It is my pleasure to
                         introduce the senior management team of Quess Corp who are here with us today to discuss the
                         results.


                         We have Mr. Guruprasad Srinivasan, Executive Director; Mr. Lohit Bhatia, CEO; Mr. Kushal
                         Maheshwari, Head of Investor Relations and Treasury; Mr. Neeraj Jain, CFO; Mr. Kapil Joshi,
                         CEO of Quess IT Staffing; and Mr. Nitin Dave, CEO of Quess Staffing Solutions.


                         We will begin the call with opening remarks by the management team, and thereafter, we will
                         open the call for a Q&A session. I would like to now hand over the call to Mr. Kushal
                         Maheshwari to take the proceedings forward. Thank you, and over to you, Kushal.


Kushal Maheshwari:       Thank you, Siddharth. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our Q3 FY'26
                         and 9-month FY'26 earnings call. The information, data and outlook shared by the management
                         during the call are forward-looking and subject to prevailing business conditions and
                         government policy. All forward-looking statements are subject to economic growth or other
                         risks faced by the company.


                         Please refer to Slide number 2 of the investor presentation for the Safe Harbor clause. With that
                         Safe Harbor clause, I will now hand over the call to our Executive Director, Mr. Guruprasad
                         Srinivasan, for his opening remarks. Over to you, Guru.


Guruprasad Srinivasan:   Thank you, Kushal. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for Quess
                         Corp's Q3 FY'26 Earnings Call. Before moving to quarterly performance, I'd like to briefly
                         outline the strengthening of one leadership team at Quess.


                         The Board has elevated Lohit Bhatia to the role of Chief Executive Officer effective 1st of
                         January 2026. Lohit has completed over 15 years at Quess and has been responsible for India
                         and global operations for several years and been directly accountable for execution of General
                         and Professional Staffing in India and international markets, including managed services.


                         In addition, Neeraj Jain has joined us as Chief Financial Officer on 3rd of December 2025.
                         Neeraj brings in deep experience in global finance, business restructuring and transformation.
                         Overall, this is a planned succession, reflecting leadership depth within the organization. It is
                         designed to sharpen execution while maintaining consistency on strategy, margin, cash flows
                         and governance.




                                                 Page 2 of 19

[[PAGE 4 / 20]]
                                                                                           Quess Corp Limited.
                                                                                             January 29, 2026

                With that, I'll hand it over to Lohit, who will take you through detailed quarterly business update,
                followed by Neeraj covering on finance update. We all will be available later in the call for
                question and answers. Over to you, Lohit.


Lohit Bhatia:   Thank you, Guru. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining Quess Corp's Q3 and 9-
                month FY'26 Earnings Call today. We are pleased to report a quarter of steady execution, margin
                expansion and disciplined financial performance despite a mixed demand environment across
                sectors due to Labour Code implementation. Q3 reflects the strength of our diversified portfolio,
                operating discipline and continued focus on profitability with cash flow.


                During the quarter, we reported revenue of INR3,930 crores, representing a 3% quarter-on-
                quarter growth. The EBITDA stood at INR80 crores, a new quarterly milestone for our company,
                marking a 28% year-on-year increase and a 4% sequential growth with EBITDA margin
                expanding to 2.03% this quarter.


                The adjusted PAT came in at INR62 crores, which excludes the onetime exceptional item of
                INR7 crores due to the impact of Labour Code as assessed by the company, up 29% year-on-
                year and up 19% quarter-on-quarter. This corresponds to an adjusted EPS of INR4.1 per share
                for the quarter. Our operating cash flow conversion remained strong at 92% of the EBITDA
                delivered, underlining the quality of earnings and working capital discipline.


                Headcount stood at 4,83,503 associates, broadly flat sequentially as expected, reflecting a
                seasonal churn in select verticals and calibrated hiring aligned with demand visibility greatly
                impacted by the Labour Code implementation on 21st of November. Overall, Q3 FY'26 was a
                quarter of balanced growth, improving margins and consistent delivery against our operating
                plan.


                Let me walk you through the performance of each of the business segments. General Staffing:
                stable scale, strong contract wins and execution discipline. General Staffing continued to
                demonstrate resilience and scale across the quarter.


                The segment revenue stood at INR3,409 crores, with an operating profit margin for the segment
                at INR45 crores, reflecting a stable performance despite seasonal softness in BFSI and
                Consumer, Retail & Telecom, partially offset by growth in M&A-led headcount additions.


                Headcount in the segment remained steady at approximately 4,70,774 associates, with over
                4,000 additions coming primarily from the manufacturing and apprenticeship segment in the
                quarter. We added 71 new enterprise contracts in this quarter, taking the total YTD to 222 new
                contracts, reinforcing our leadership position across BFSI, manufacturing, retail and
                infrastructure.


                Operational execution remains strong. Collect and pay coverage stood at 76%, and average DSO
                improved to 24 days, driven by a tighter credit control and focused collections. The open
                mandate remained healthy at over 37,000 as we began the fourth quarter, giving us confidence
                of a pickup in demand and headcount during this Q4, particularly from manufacturing and
                construction as well.



                                         Page 3 of 19

[[PAGE 5 / 20]]
                                                                          Quess Corp Limited.
                                                                            January 29, 2026

During the quarter, we conducted over 830 client consultations on the impact of Labour Code
changes, an engagement that will continue through Q4. Over the medium to long term, we
believe the Labour Code will drive greater formalization, consolidation and stronger
governance, creating structural tailwinds for Quess given our scale and compliance capabilities.


Moving on to our Professional Staffing segment, which has sustained margin expansion and
high-quality growth. The Professional Staffing delivered an excellent quarter, continuing its
trajectory of profitable growth. The segment revenue stood at INR230 crores, while EBITDA
increased to INR29 crores, representing a 42% year-on-year growth, with EBITDA margins
further expanding to 12.5%, an all-time high for our segment here.


This performance was driven by a disciplined focus on high-margin contracts, rationalization of
low-yield engagements and a strong demand for GCCs. GCCs now account for 72% of the total
Professional Staffing headcount, reflecting our strategic positioning in higher-value digital,
technology and consulting roles. Headcount during this quarter grew to 6,934 associates, adding
18 new logos in Q3 and overall 48 new logos during the financial year. Open mandates remained
steady at over 1,300.


The CRT vertical within Professional Staffing has emerged as the largest vertical for the
division, followed by IT services and Consulting. We remain confident that double-digit margins
in Professional Staffing are structurally sustainable, supported by strong client demand, pricing
discipline and deeper wallet share with existing customers.


Within IT Staffing, average revenue PAPM per associate is now approximately INR1.2 lakhs
per month, reflecting the quality of deployment and seniority of roles we support across the
client base. Moving on to Overseas business, margin improvement and regional diversification.
Our overseas business delivered another quarter of margin expansion and improved execution.


Revenue stood at INR290 crores, while EBITDA crossed the INR20 crores mark, translating
into a 26% year-on-year growth for this BU, with margins crossing 7% for the first time. The
Middle East continued to be a standout performer for us, delivering double-digit margins
supported by near 100% collection efficiency and growth in both IT and non-IT Staffing.


Malaysia saw strong traction with the addition of large new contracts, while the Philippines
delivered robust collections and crossed 700 headcount with double-digit margins. Singapore
revenues were softer during the quarter, EBITDA showed sequential improvement, aided by
cost optimization as well as an increased focus towards the new business launched last year of
General Staffing. Overall, our international portfolio now is more balanced than ever before,
with a diversified share of profitability.


Moving on to the last, which is our digital platform, which is under the investment phase. We
have a renewed strategy to take it forward. We are preparing to launch the AI-enabled Hamara
Jobs marketplace aimed to further strengthen our leadership in blue-collar hiring. I'm particularly
proud to share that Quess Corp has been certified as a "Great Place to Work" for the 7th
consecutive year.




                          Page 4 of 19

[[PAGE 6 / 20]]
                                                                                           Quess Corp Limited.
                                                                                             January 29, 2026

               The collective voice of our people has proudly elevated Quess from a large organization category
               to the mega organization category this year. This prestigious award highlights our unwavering
               dedication to our colleagues. To summarize, the Q3 FY '26 reflects consistent execution, margin
               expansion and strong cash discipline. Even as we navigate near-term demand variability in select
               segments.


               Our diversified business model, leadership in staffing and increased share of high-margin
               business positions us well for sustainable, profitable growth. With that, I will now hand over to
               our Chief Financial Officer, Neeraj Jain, to talk us through the financial performance of this
               quarter.


Neeraj Jain:   Thank you, Lohit. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for Quess Corp Q3 FY
               '26 Earnings Call. I will begin with our headline financial performance for the quarter, followed
               by a segment-wise financial review. And I'll conclude with key balance sheet, cash flow and
               profitability observations. I'll start with the financial highlights for Q3 FY '26.


               Q3 FY '26 was a quarter of steady revenue growth, meaningful margin expansion and strong
               cash discipline, reflecting the benefits of our continued focus on profitability, mix improvement
               and execution rigour. Consolidated revenues for the quarter stood at INR3,930 crores,
               representing a 3% quarter-on-quarter increase while being marginally lower on a year-on-year
               basis due to calibrated headcount management.


               EBITDA for the quarter came in at INR80 crores, which is a new quarterly milestone for the
               company. It is up 28% year-on-year and 4% sequentially. EBITDA margins expanded to 2.03%,
               improving by 47 basis points year-on-year, reflecting operating leverage, higher contribution
               from our higher margin businesses and tighter cost controls.


               Reported PAT stood at INR55 crores, up 32% year-on-year and 6% sequentially. On an adjusted
               basis, excluding onetime exceptional costs relating to Labour Code provisioning, our adjusted
               PAT is at INR62 crores, up 29% year-on-year and 19% quarter-on-quarter with adjusted EPS of
               4.1 per share.


               Importantly, operating cash flow conversion remained strong at 92% of our EBITDA,
               underscoring the quality of earnings and disciplined working capital management. I'm pleased
               to announce that the Board has approved an interim dividend of INR5 per share, and this is in
               line with our dividend policy, reaffirming our strong performance, balance sheet strength and
               commitment to deliver sustained value to our shareholders.


               I'll move to the 9-month FY '26 performance snapshot. For the 9 months ended December FY
               '26, our consolidated revenue stood at INR11,413 crores, up 1% year-on-year. EBITDA for 9
               months FY '26 increased to INR226 crores, a growth of 16% year-on-year with margins
               expanding by 26 basis points to 1.98%. Adjusted PAT for 9 months period stood at INR166
               crores, up 13% year-on-year with adjusted EPS at INR11.1 per share. Reflecting consistent
               profitability improvement.


               I'll move to segment-wise financial performance now. Our General Staffing continues to provide
               scale, stability and strong cash flows even as margins remain sensitive to mix and seasonal

                                        Page 5 of 19

[[PAGE 7 / 20]]
                                                                                              Quess Corp Limited.
                                                                                                January 29, 2026

                     factors. Revenue for Q3 stood at INR3,409 crores, accounting for approximately 86% of
                     consolidated revenues and segment EBITDA was INR45 crores with margins at 1.3%.


                     Headcount remained largely stable at 4,70,774 associates despite seasonal de-hiring in BFSI and
                     CRT verticals. Collect and pay coverage remained healthy at 76%, and our average DSO
                     improved to 24 days, reflecting strong collections and credit discipline. Moving on to
                     Professional Staffing.


                     It delivered another strong quarter of margin-led growth, reinforcing its position as a key
                     profitability driver for the company. Our revenues stood at INR230 crores and EBITDA
                     increased to INR29 crores, up 42% year-on-year. EBITDA margin expanded to 12.5%, and this
                     is the highest for the segment.


                     Headcount increased to 6,934 associates, while GCC-led engagement accounted for 72% of the
                     total headcount in Professional Staffing, supporting our margin sustainability. The improvement
                     in margins reflect portfolio rationalization, our exit from low-margin contracts and deeper
                     penetration into higher-value digital and GCC roles. Professional Staffing now contributes
                     approximately 30% of total operating EBITDA despite being a relatively small part of our
                     revenues.


                     Moving on to Overseas business, continued its margin expansion trajectory, supported by
                     improved collections and regional diversification. Our revenue stood at INR290 crores, while
                     EBITDA increased to INR20 crores, up 26% year-on-year and EBITDA margins crossed 7%,
                     which is a key milestone for this segment.


                     The Middle East delivered double-digit margins, while Malaysia and the Philippines showed
                     strong improvement in both profitability and cash collections. Singapore revenues were softer,
                     but EBITDA improved sequentially due to cost optimization. The overseas business now
                     contributes around 20% of operating EBITDA, reinforcing the increasing role of high-margin
                     businesses in the overall portfolio.


                     From a portfolio perspective, approximately 50% of our total operating profitability now comes
                     from high-margin business, which is roughly 14% of our revenue. Professional Staffing and
                     Overseas business. This continued shift in mix, combined with disciplined cost management is
                     central to our margin expansion strategy. Our focus remains on capital efficiency, liquidity
                     discipline and sustaining strong cash generation even as we invest in technology and growth
                     initiatives.


                     I'll summarize for Q3 FY '26. It is a strong quarter from a financial standpoint, marked by a new
                     high in our quarterly EBITDA, continued margin expansion, strong adjusted profitability growth
                     and healthy cash conversions and balance sheet strength. With that, I'll hand it over to Kushal.


Kushal Maheshwari:   Thank you, Neeraj. We are now open for the question and answers. Over to you, moderator.


Moderator:           The first question is from the line of Deep Shah from B&K Securities. Please go ahead.




                                              Page 6 of 19

[[PAGE 8 / 20]]
                                                                                                 Quess Corp Limited.
                                                                                                   January 29, 2026

Deep Shah:           Sir, the first question is to get this clarification whether the pain in general staffing due to NBFC
                     is all of that behind us? Or there are still clients who are in that grey zone where they might have
                     business with us and then at a subsequent date, they might look to prune down. So that is one.
                     Second, on the onetime benefits that are supposed to flow from the Pradhan Mantri Viksit Bharat
                     Rozgar Yojana, those are supposed to start next June or July, right?


                     So by that time, we should have had a lower base as such so that on a month-on-month basis,
                     we have higher headcount and therefore, the benefits flow to us. So is this understanding correct?
                     I just wanted your thoughts on these two things. Thank you.


Kushal Maheshwari:   Thank you, Deep. I will ask Lohit to answer the questions on BFSI sector in general staffing as
                     well as the Pradhan Mantri Viksit Yojana scheme impacting our general staffing business.


Lohit Bhatia:        Yeah. Good morning, Deep. So, this is an important question. I think last year, in the quarter 4,
                     we had reported a onetime event where a BFSI customer had in-sourced a large set of volume
                     on their own roles. As we looked at that particular event, one thing emerged very, very clearly
                     to us as Quess Corp that we have to have a portfolio diversification.


                     The first thing we did was we doubled down on our professional staffing as well as on our
                     international so that the value realization from these businesses and the margin-accretive
                     businesses help us navigate any kind of a headwind that we may be faced with in a future event.
                     Second, within the general staffing business itself, our business went and doubled down on
                     multi-vertical strategy.


                     Today, on one side, we have a volume business, which is BFSI as well as CRT. On the other
                     side, we have a value business, which is for our value-added services, our construction business,
                     as well as our manufacturing business. This is a very planned strategy to ensure that a company
                     of our size and scale is able to navigate with any form of headwinds that the market may give
                     us.


                     I would also like to add that for our scale and size in the Indian economy, there will also be times
                     of headwinds and tailwinds. As a management team, we will always be aligned to any of these
                     eventualities, and we will build our business around both of these. I will quickly shift to Pradhan
                     Mantri Viksit Bharat Yojana that you just spoke about. Yes, it went live on 1st August 2025.


                     The first of the period would be considered as a base of the prior 12 months. And thereafter, the
                     growth that you achieve in the next six months will be modelled for the payments of the benefit.
                     The second thing is in terms of net addition that the organization does.


                     As we spoke at the start of today's conference call, we are expecting, in spite of a flattish
                     headcount for Q3, for reasons of both destocking post the festive season as well as the pause
                     which got created in the six weeks of November and December, regarding the Labour Code. We
                     feel that with all the projects that we've signed both from a sales point of view as well as open
                     mandate sourcing point of view, Q4 should give us steady headcount addition.


                     And thereafter, we should enter with steady headcount addition into the next financial year itself.
                     At the moment, have we modelled how much that would be? No, we haven't. We will take it as


                                                Page 7 of 19

[[PAGE 9 / 20]]
                                                                                              Quess Corp Limited.
                                                                                                January 29, 2026

                     that benefit comes, and we'll report to the street as and when that adds to our current margin
                     trajectory.


Kushal Maheshwari:   Deep, I hope does this answer your question?


Moderator:           The next question is from the line of Dipesh Mehta from Emkay Global. Please go ahead.


Dipesh Mehta:        A couple of questions. First on General Staffing. Now I think broadly you indicated NBFC-
                     related things are largely behind. Considering it was quarter 4, are we getting confidence about,
                     let's say, returning to double-digit in the next couple of quarters from Y-o-Y perspective? That
                     is question one.


                     And when that growth returns, whether the composition of revenue would be favourable to
                     margin trajectory? Because in last couple of quarters because of business mix change, margin
                     came under pressure for General Staffing. So I just want to get sense about two aspects. One is
                     returning to double-digit. Second thing is when we return, what would be the mix which can
                     drive margin changes? That is question one.


                     Second question is about the new Labour Code related implication. Obviously, we have taken
                     the hit in terms of the past performance kind of. What would be the recurring impact we expect
                     in the business? And whether the incremental cost, which can come because of the PF gratuity
                     kind of thing, whether any of this we need to bear or we would be able to pass into to clients?


Kushal Maheshwari:   Thank you, Dipesh. I would ask Lohit to cover the questions on headcount growth and margin
                     trajectory for general staffing. And consequently, on the impact of new Labour Code
                     implementation on our financials, I would ask Neeraj to chip in. Over to you, Lohit.


Lohit Bhatia:        Dipesh, thank you. As regards your conversation on the headcount trajectory for our General
                     Staffing business is concerned, as a management team, we continue to model our sales, sourcing
                     and operational capability and our technology back end to deliver a steady state 15,000 net
                     addition quarter-on-quarter.


                     Like I just mentioned in the previous question as well, there will be headwinds and tailwinds,
                     which will come to a company of our size in an economy as diverse as India is concerned. Our
                     business team in general staffing has built vertical BU heads in each of the verticals which are
                     there. As we sit in front of you in Q4, we find that Q4 has started on a much more positive
                     trajectory than where we saw the month of November and December in Q3.


                     We also see that both our legs in General Staffing, that is the volume growth from customers,
                     from large customers, as well as the value growth in some of the new businesses will continue
                     to remain. As far as the margin trajectory is concerned, today, our General Staffing business is
                     delivering the best margin in the industry at 1.4%, is one of our lowest across our three
                     businesses.


                     In this business, we are looking to correct it to 1.5% to 1.6% in the near term and 1.8% in the
                     medium to long term. So that's the trajectory that we would like to take from a margin




                                             Page 8 of 19

[[PAGE 10 / 20]]
                                                                                             Quess Corp Limited.
                                                                                               January 29, 2026

                   perspective is concerned. On the Labour Code, I'll make one small short comment and then give
                   it to Neeraj.


                   The INR7 crores that you see is for the eventuality of all the code on wages restructuring for
                   existing employees as they work at Quess Corp. This also is the change for gratuity calculation
                   based on the new code on wages. This factors for all such personnel that work with us today,
                   and we have trued up the expectation for that. On an ongoing basis, our employees will see a
                   slight shift in terms of the cost, and I'll give it to Neeraj.


                   As far as your question on customers are concerned, yes, in the speech also, we called it out, 830
                   meetings have been done with clients where we have explained the impact of the Labour Code
                   and the provisions to them, which will have to be modelled and factored by them in the purchase
                   orders in coming times. Neeraj, I'll hand over to you.


Neeraj Jain:       Thank you, Lohit. So Dipesh, there are two aspects that you have asked. One is the impact of
                   Labour Code in Q3. So as you know, basis the requirement of the law and as per the guidance
                   note released by the institute, at Quess, we have computed the impact of gratuity leave
                   encashment of the YTD and that is the onetime exception cost that you see in the financials. So
                   whatever is as per our contracts billable to the customer, that has basically been covered as part
                   of the unbilled revenue.


                   So the impact in our P&L is largely related to our core employees. That is part number one. On
                   the ongoing impact, please understand the PF and ESI and ongoing impact is basically the
                   recalculation of the wages as part of the salary model. And given our internal structure, we don't
                   expect a material impact basis our EBITDA base.


                   I would say, a maximum of INR1.5 crores to INR2 crores we see as an ongoing impact because
                   of our attrition rate, because of our existing structure of wages in the company. So on an overall
                   basis, I see it as a very immaterial impact on our margins as we move forward. I hope, Dipesh,
                   it answers your questions.


Moderator:         Sorry to interrupt. Sir, we have lost the line of sir Dipesh. We'll move ahead. The next question
                   is from the line of Siddharth Zabak from IIFL Capital Service. Please go ahead.


Siddharth Zabak:   I have a couple of them. My first question is on Middle East EBITDA margin. In your 2Q press
                   release, you have indicated an EBITDA margin of 12.8% for the region. And in 3Q also, you
                   mentioned double-digit margins. However, if we look at staffing companies operating in Middle
                   East, industry EBITDA margins are typically around 4%.


                   So could you please help us understand what are we doing differently that allows us to operate
                   at materially higher margins in this region? And secondly, how sustainable are these margins
                   over the medium to long-term?


                   My second question is on the expected credit loss allowance of INR120 crores that was provided
                   on trade receivables in 4Q FY '25. Could you share whether any recovery has been made from
                   this data so far? And how we think about the potential write-backs or further recoveries going
                   ahead?


                                              Page 9 of 19

[[PAGE 11 / 20]]
                                                                                                   Quess Corp Limited.
                                                                                                     January 29, 2026

Kushal Maheshwari:       Thank you, Siddharth. For your question on Middle East and margins, I would ask Lohit to
                         answer the question. On the expected credit loss, I will ask Neeraj to answer.


Lohit Bhatia:            Hi, Siddharth. Yes, you're absolutely right. We trade at double-digit margins in our Middle East
                         book. We are between the 11.5% to 12.5% EBITDA margin that we've been delivering there.
                         Middle East for us is a long-term success story. This is not something which has been created in
                         one, two quarters or 1 or 2 years.


                         Middle East has been growing on its base at a steady state of 25% to 30% year-on-year. We,
                         across Middle East also, work and provide talent in multiple different segments. We provide
                         talent in the retail. We provide talent in e-commerce. We provide talent in manufacturing and
                         engineering.


                         We also provide talent in banking sector. Last year, as part of our diversification strategy and
                         our derisking strategy, we looked at every BU of ours and every geography of ours, and we
                         decided that we will double down on areas which do not exist for us, but can be a blue ocean for
                         that location.


                         So to give you an idea, in Middle East, where we were heavily reliant on the General Staffing
                         across different segments, we added a layer of IT talent. Happy to report to you that as we speak,
                         we've almost touched 100 associates in Middle East in high-margin IT business as well. Total
                         Middle East has a little over 2,000 book size.


                         With that kind of a volume, our IDC cost also is well optimized and is kept on a fairly low side.
                         So I think the comparison with the low-margin businesses would possibly be because they do
                         not have the scale that Quess has in some of these geographies, Middle East being one of those.


Kushal Maheshwari:       Over to Neeraj to answer your question on the expected credit loss of INR120 crores that we
                         have taken in Q4 FY '25. Neeraj?


Neeraj Jain:             Thank you, Lohit. So Siddharth, on the ECL provision that we took in Q4 FY '25, this is largely
                         for the skilling project that we are doing with the government. And just to update you on the
                         collection in Q3, while we are very closely working with the state governments on processing
                         of these collections, just to update, there is a new process that is being instituted by RBI on the
                         escrow account process.


                         So, because of that new process and both state government and RBI and all of us are trying to
                         work it around, it has unfortunately delayed the collection from Q3 to Q4. So we expect some
                         of those collections to flow back in Q4. And just also wanted to mention that while these have
                         been already provisioned, so any collection that we do from here on is going to positively impact
                         our numbers as we move forward.


Guruprasad Srinivasan:   Just to add a point there. If you recollect, in Q4, these were the discontinued businesses as part
                         of the demerger that we had announced to the Street, and we had taken an exceptional credit loss
                         on that. And as committed, the effort is on. And as and when the collection happens, we'll report
                         back to the Street.



                                                 Page 10 of 19

[[PAGE 12 / 20]]
                                                                                                 Quess Corp Limited.
                                                                                                   January 29, 2026

Moderator:           The next question is from the line of Karan Gupta from ASML. Please go ahead.


Karan Gupta:         So my question is regarding on the other expenses side. So, on a Y-o-Y basis, there is 24%, 25%
                     of down in the other income side. And for quarter 3 FY '25, you already adjusted the numbers
                     of Digitide Solutions, and Bluspring. But still there is a drop of 20%, 25%, which is majorly
                     contributing to the profit side of around INR55 crores. So, can you put some light on this thing?
                     And how much this other expenses part on a consolidated basis is contributed to each segment?


Kushal Maheshwari:   Karan, hi. Okay. First and foremost, what I understood is on the total indirect cost you're
                     referring to is what I presume. So, our average total cost per quarter is about INR102 crores
                     across the group as part of the IDC. And there are a few costs in the earlier, if you are comparing
                     year-on-year, there were demerger expenses, which wouldn't recur in this current year. So that's
                     the entire sort of gap there. But otherwise, the run rate where we are today is about INR102
                     crores of cost per quarter. And that has been intact for the last three quarters.


Karan Gupta:         Just saying about the other expenses part? My question was on the other expenses part in the
                     consolidated statement?


Kushal Maheshwari:   Which expense are you referring to, actually?


Karan Gupta:         Just a second. In a consolidated statement, if you see the other expenses, INR137 crores on a Y-
                     o-Y basis, it is around INR192 crores. So that's a drop of something around 20%-25%. So that's
                     what I'm asking, which is basically majorly contributing to the profit side of around INR50
                     crores, INR55 crores. So can you put some light on what are these other expenses are?


Lohit Bhatia:        Karan, your numbers, we are not able to figure it out. Can we take this question offline? You
                     can drop me a mail and I'll answer these questions.


Moderator:           The next question is from the line of Amit from H. G. Havas. Please go ahead.


Moderator:           Amit, kindly unmute your line.


Amit:                Hello.


Moderator:           Sorry to interrupt. Sir Amit, I request you to kindly get closer to the mic. Amit, you are not
                     audible.


Amit:                My question is like what are the net additions of the headcount in the quarter?


Kushal Maheshwari:   Headcount additions during the quarter or you want guidance during the quarter?


Amit:                Both actually. Both.


Kushal Maheshwari:   I'll give the question to Nitin Dave, our Head of Staffing Solutions.


Nitin Dave:          Yeah, good afternoon. So while as Lohit had explained already that because of some seasonal
                     dehiring and also multiple wage course discussions where customers started taking stock of what
                     is the current situation, the headcount in fact. However, going forward, we have a very strong


                                             Page 11 of 19

[[PAGE 13 / 20]]
                                                                                                    Quess Corp Limited.
                                                                                                      January 29, 2026

                         pipeline, a very healthy open mandate of 35,000 plus, as Lohit mentioned, and also a strong
                         pipeline.


                         So with that, we are expecting to end the year on a new high, and we are expecting to do a net
                         add in the coming quarter and end the year on a high in terms of volumes. Also, the
                         diversification strategy that Lohit mentioned and some of the investments that are being made,
                         the results of the same would be expected in the coming quarter. So we are expecting, while the
                         current quarter has been flat, the next quarter will be a growth quarter for us.


Amit:                    Actually, in the previous con call, I think you have guided like 10,000 to 15,000 headcounts
                         addition in this quarter.


Nitin Dave:              Yes. So in the, as it was mentioned by the Lohit in the opening speech itself, on 21st November,
                         the government actually introduced the wage codes with immediate implementation. So at that
                         point of time, with customers before adding new capacities, they actually started taking stock of
                         what they already have and what will be the impact on their overall expenses before adding
                         further headcounts. We have had more than 800 discussions with our customers on the wage
                         code.


                         And this guidance of 10,000 to 15,000 headcounts quarter-on-quarter will apply because we
                         have a sourcing engine in place. We have a source pipeline in the place. So these discussions
                         and these headcount additions have simply been deferred because of the wage code discussions
                         in the coming quarter. That is the only comment that I would like to make on the quarter 3
                         number being flat. But going forward, this growth will be there.


Amit:                    Sir, my second question was like is the 2% EBITDA margin the new normal?


Lohit Bhatia:            So basically, we had guided that we want to sustain at around 2%, but basis margin expansion
                         in different verticals, we would guide you between 1.95% to 2.05% in the coming quarters.
                         Guru, if you can?


Guruprasad Srinivasan:   Just to add, Amit, as Lohit alluded in his speech, when we started the year, the EBITDA
                         contribution from General Staffing was about 57% and 43% was coming in from the other high-
                         margin businesses. That product mix has changed. As we end December quarter, we are now
                         contributing 50% from General Staffing and 50% coming from International and Professional
                         Staffing.


                         So that has helped us to keep our margin consistently to be around 2%, and we are able to do
                         that for the last two quarters. Are we going to focus on product mix and continue to work on the
                         product mix better? Yes, that's definitely on our strategy and plan.


                         We would, while General Staffing would continue to grow, the mix is something which is
                         important, and we will continue to work on it, and we should be able to sustain. However, we
                         had guided the market exit of this year, we should be around 2%. We are happy to see that we
                         have been at least a quarter early reached there. So, we should be able to.


Moderator:               The next question is from the line of Ankit from RNM Capital Trust. Please go ahead.


                                                     Page 12 of 19

[[PAGE 14 / 20]]
                                                                                                Quess Corp Limited.
                                                                                                  January 29, 2026

Ankit:               My question is on the Labour Code implementation. I heard that we have been going million we
                     see that as a catalyst for us, right? I just also wanted to understand if we foresee any challenges,
                     like any sector or industries, if you have more employees and their partners on payroll rather
                     than outsourcing it because of this Labour Code implementation?


Lohit Bhatia:        So if I can understand your question, you are asking whether Quess will face any challenges in
                     any vertical as part of Labour Code implementation. Is that your question?


Ankit:               Yes, yes. Yes, any vertical like BFSI where employees are on their own payroll, right? In this
                     Labour Code implementation, do we see that can happen with other industries or verticals?


Kushal Maheshwari:   So you are saying whether Quess will be impacted by any in-sourcing of any vertical due to
                     Labour Code implement. Is that your question?


Ankit:               Yes, yes, right.


Kushal Maheshwari:   Okay. I'll ask Lohit to answer on this.


Lohit Bhatia:        Okay. Ankit, thanks for the question. I think the interim impact in Q3 has been because for all
                     the customers, this is, for entire India, by the way, this is a reset after 78 years. You know under
                     the Labour Code, there are laws which were made in 1924, 1947, 1948, 1950, 1974 have been
                     reset and have been revised.


                     The second thing is that many of the industries did not exist when some of these laws were made.
                     So obviously, it required a complete reset. What has happened in Q3 is that the clients have
                     looked at that reset, and they are budgeting for it in terms of what would be the impact and what
                     would be the changes.


                     To be very honest, under the laws today, whether you have them on your roles or whether you
                     have them on a third-party role, the cost, if any, whether on code of wages, whether on
                     restructuring of wage, whether on gratuity payments and other implications remains the same.
                     Both ways, it has to be paid as per the new legislation.


                     You would also remember that Quess being a listed company for almost 10 years now, follows
                     every law in the book in the last 18 years of our existence and will continue to follow every law
                     as and when the government comes out with it.


                     Interim impact is for customers to know what will be the new cost for human capital. Doesn't
                     matter whether the human capital is on a third-party roles or whether it is on their direct roles.
                     The medium- to long-term impact after this reset is over will be towards formalization and
                     towards consolidation.


                     We feel that with the kind of understanding that Quess has on governance, on compliance and
                     being able to keep our customers always indemnified for the laws in India, there will be more
                     and more clients who would be interested in working with Quess for our abilities, and we will
                     be able to see more tailwinds over a period of time.




                                              Page 13 of 19

[[PAGE 15 / 20]]
                                                                                                 Quess Corp Limited.
                                                                                                   January 29, 2026

                     I think I would also like to add one more point, which probably with the Q3 results are already
                     evident to everybody in India. The speed with which Indian industry is taking Labour Codes and
                     the seriousness with which Indian industry is taking Labour Code is phenomenal. In all of these
                     hundreds of conversations, we have not had even one pushback asking us to help somebody
                     restructure by saving cost.


                     Every conversation has been about what would be the cost, what are the changes, and how to
                     ensure that it can be implemented at the earliest. I think that is the maturity of Indian industry,
                     and it is the right time to call it out, and that should be beneficial long-term.


Moderator:           The next question is from the line of Akshay Chawla, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead.


Akshay Chawla:       Yes. I had a question regarding the Professional Staffing. So right now, it is around single-digit
                     as a percentage of revenue. So, going forward, what percentage can we expect from this segment
                     because the margins are in double digits over there? So just wanted to know about that.


Lohit Bhatia:        Thank you for the question, Akshay. Before I hand over to my leader for Professional Staffing,
                     Kapil Joshi, I would just like to make one highlight and a point here. This entire strategy of
                     margin expansion and value-accretive verticalization started for us nearly 5 years ago in this
                     business. We were doubling down from an EBITDA margin percentage of 4.5% to 5%, and we
                     were clearly looking out to a market where we work on high skills, niche skills and digital
                     technology skills.


                     As an organization in the last 5 years, we've ensured that we walk that path and the resultant is
                     visible in front of all of you, which is today above 12%. But now I'll hand over to Kapil on how
                     does he see the market opportunity hereafter to grow and expand even further.


Kapil Joshi:         Yes. Akshay, thank you for the question. And yes, we are cognizant about top line growth,
                     revenue growth, which is currently in single digit. But going forward, we expect it to be much
                     better. If you see our sales pipeline, we are actually focusing on acquiring the good logo. So far
                     this year, we have acquired 48 new logos. In the last quarter, October, November, December
                     alone when hiring are actually subdued, we acquired 18 new logos.


                     I think in next 12 months, this 48 logos, what we have acquired will have a headcount buildup.
                     And that's true in the super niche segment where margins are better, okay? So we expect H1 is
                     anyway is good for our industry, IT industry. So at least for next two quarters, we expect the
                     growth will be a top line-led growth, driven by the headcount addition.


Moderator:           The next question is from the line of Dipesh Mehta from Emkay Global. Please go ahead.


Dipesh Mehta:        Two questions. Just want to get sense about how one should look payout. Any ratio we have in
                     mind in terms of the payout ratio? And second question is about the client concentration. I think
                     this time, presentation doesn't include general staffing client concentration. Can you provide
                     some sense how that is shaping up?


Kushal Maheshwari:   Dipesh, just a clarification. When you refer to payout ratio, is it.




                                              Page 14 of 19

[[PAGE 16 / 20]]
                                                                                               Quess Corp Limited.
                                                                                                 January 29, 2026

Dipesh Mehta:        Dividend payout.


Kushal Maheshwari:   Dividend payout, okay.


Neeraj Jain:         Yes. Dipesh, we have a dividend payout policy. And as per the policy, our payout ratio is 75%,
                     up to 75%.


Kushal Maheshwari:   75% of our free cash flow over a block of 3 years. Dipesh, does that answer your question on
                     dividend? Dividend payout.


Dipesh Mehta:        Yes.


Kushal Maheshwari:   And on your question on sector-wise concentration on general staffing, I would ask Lohit to
                     answer the question.


Lohit Bhatia:        So yes, in General Staffing, our larger businesses continue to be CRT followed by BFSI,
                     followed by manufacturing, telecom, FMCG, FMCD, e-commerce logistics, healthcare, supply
                     chain and government. This is a clearly verticalized strategy, which was started about 18 months
                     ago. While we started this strategy, we created a strategy number 2, which was on the value
                     accretiveness of the business.


                     That is where VAS, manufacturing as well as currently construction stands for us. If you look at
                     one of the principles that our business has been following is steady state between 280 to 300
                     new customer logos just in the General Staffing business year-on-year for the last couple of
                     years. We've already done about 222 logos this year as well from enterprise customers just in
                     General Staffing. These logos take about three to six months to ramp up and become large scale
                     for us.


                     Our concentration of revenues or concentration of business in terms of headcount for the top 10
                     customers is close to about 40%. However, no customer of ours is in double digits contribution
                     today for a general staffing business. If we were to take it at a Quess Corp level, it would even
                     be lower because 15% to 16% of Quess Corp's overall revenue. So if that gives you a glimpse,
                     there is no one major item which creates the book for us.


Moderator:           The next question is from the line of Gunit Singh from Counter Cyclical PMS. Please go ahead.


Gunit Singh:         First of all, can you please help me understand why our margins are currently around 2%,
                     whereas they used to be around 4% to 5% historically? Has there been a subsequent change in
                     the industry?


Kushal Maheshwari:   When you're looking at margins, then they were looking at consolidated Quess before demerger.
                     Now the margins which we are reflecting over year in the range of 2% are post demerger for
                     Quess Corp itself. So, if you look at it, if you look at the history of our company, we underwent
                     a demerger, which was since 1st April 2024. And if you look at our financials, Bluspring and
                     Digitide are not part of the company. So, prior to that, when you're looking at margins, they were
                     a consolidated Quess.




                                              Page 15 of 19

[[PAGE 17 / 20]]
                                                                                             Quess Corp Limited.
                                                                                               January 29, 2026

Gunit Singh:         The standalone margins they were higher, I think. And if you can help me, I mean, correct me,
                     were the staffing margins around 2% sales around, say, 5 years back or pre-COVID? Or has
                     there been a general trend of margins declining?


Neeraj Jain:         Okay. Just to add, so as Kushal said, it's a demerged balance sheet now, and its only workforce
                     business that we have, of which we, General Staffing delivers about 1.4% to 1.5% EBITDA
                     margin. Professional Staffing delivers about 12% and international is just about 7%.


                     So way back with the question that you're asking is if I were to really go back to the previous
                     business mix, which we have been calling repeatedly is that the skill development when business
                     was part of workforce, and we had another entity, which was Brainhunter, which was part of
                     workforce, which was outside India where we were operating in U.S. and Canada.


                     With all of those business with high EBITDA margins, we were averaging around 4%, 4.5%,
                     but that businesses have been discontinued and Brainhunter as part of demerger has moved into
                     Digitide. So, it's noncomparable. We would be happy to take this question if you have anything
                     specifically and you can reach out to Kushal, we can share.


                     But the product mix in itself has changed, and there are a set of businesses that has been
                     discontinued, which are no more part of workforce. And hence, steady state, if you look at, we
                     have been, when we started the year about 1.8% EBITDA to about 2% EBITDA is where we
                     were guiding to the market, and we are in line to that.


Kushal Maheshwari:   Also to add to that, in the last five quarters, our EBITDA margin has expanded from 1.6% to
                     currently at 2.03%. So, if you look at it, there's been a 47 basis point improvement in the
                     EBITDA margin in the last five quarters of our operation of Quess Corp.


Gunit Singh:         Got it, sir. So, my second question would be around our current trade receivables over 6 months.
                     And given that we took an ECL of about INR100 crores to INR150 crores in last year. Have we
                     taken any steps to strengthen our processes or collections?


Kushal Maheshwari:   I would ask Neeraj to answer this question on strength our financial control process.


Neeraj Jain:         So Gunit, first thing, I think we already answered this question previously. This onetime ECL
                     that we took in Q4 of last year was relating to our skilling business. While we have taken the
                     provision, we are still working very closely with the customers and the government.


                     And because of some RBI process, the collection on that part is a bit delayed. But just to give
                     an idea of the improvement that we have done on our DSO part in General Staffing business,
                     which is our larger business, we have brought down the DSO to 24 days.


                     That is a significant improvement that we have made. So, I think we are making significant
                     improvement on our collections. Our EBITDA to OCF is at a healthy 92%. So we are on the
                     right path, and we'll keep the momentum as we move into Q4.


Gunit Singhi:        And sir, what are trade receivables over 6 months currently?


Kushal Maheshwari:   Sorry?

                                             Page 16 of 19

[[PAGE 18 / 20]]
                                                                                              Quess Corp Limited.
                                                                                                January 29, 2026

Gunit Singhi:        Trade receivables over 6 months?


Kushal Maheshwari:   If you look at our average DSOs, this not being a balance sheet quarter, we're not reporting it.
                     But on the General Staffing, the average DSO is around 24 days with AR at 10 days and, AR at
                     14 days and UBR at 10 days.


Gunit Singhi:        All right, sir. Got it. Thank you very much.


Kushal Maheshwari:   General staffing contributes to 86% of our revenue. I hope this answers your question.


Moderator:           The last question is from the line of Samay from Helios Capital. Please go ahead.


Samay:               I wanted to ask you about your Professional Staffing segment. So, the margins are steadily
                     improving from 10% in Q1 then to 12% in Q2 and now 12.5%. So just wanted to understand,
                     what are the sustainable margins? Like would it be in the range of 11% to 12%? Or should we
                     see it about 12%? And similarly for your Overseas business as well, the margin has shot up to
                     7%. So how should we see going forward?


Kushal Maheshwari:   Thank you, Samay, for your question. I would ask Kapil to answer your question on the margins
                     for our Professional Staffing business and Overseas business, I would ask Lohit to chip in. But
                     overall, if you look at Overseas business, which has crossed 7%, it has been a staggered and
                     implemented strategy and trying to improve the profitability diversification across our regions,
                     which has reflected in this quarter's performance for Overseas business. Over to you, Kapil, for
                     Professional Staffing.


Kapil Joshi:         Professional Staffing, like Lohit mentioned in the initial call, it was conscious efforts from us
                     for the last 3 to 5 years to change our portfolio and product mix, client mix. We have moved
                     from entry-level L1, L2 support role to our super niche area where we support our clients.


                     And simultaneously in the last 3 years, revenue from the GCC has also improved significantly
                     where our margins are better. I think margin going forward should be in this range. And like I
                     mentioned in my last comment, we expect, we should see the top line growth going forward.


Samay:               So basically, so about 12%, is that my understanding right? Or would it be between 11% to 12%?


Kapil Joshi:         Yes, you can assume that it will be range bound between 11% to 12%.


Samay:               And for the Overseas business?


Lohit Bhatia:        Overseas, we've been steady state between 6.5% to 7%. So, we would continue to keep guiding
                     for the same as well. However, nothing will stop us from looking at, like I mentioned,
                     opportunities out there and enhancing our margin wherever to the extent possible. I also wanted
                     to add one point. As far as a workforce management or a staffing company is concerned, there
                     are a few ways to model an organization.


                     What is the EBITDA to OCF conversion? What is the free cash that is generated? What is the
                     gross earning to net earnings ratio, which for Quess is above 50% already. What is the margin



                                              Page 17 of 19

[[PAGE 19 / 20]]
                                                                                                Quess Corp Limited.
                                                                                                  January 29, 2026

                     earned per person? What is the ROE, which will in the case of Quess this year should be at 20%
                     as we end.


                     And how much is the free cash that the company generates on a year-on-year basis. So, I think
                     these are the principles at which a workforce management in a staffing company should be
                     calculated towards.


Samay:               Right. And another question regarding your contingent liability. For the direct tax, it remains
                     same as what it was in FY '25 at INR296 crores. Could you just share an update on your indirect
                     tax contingent liability regarding the GST contingent liability? So, it was INR372 crores in FY
                     '25. Could you share some color like give an update? Is it still the same? Or has it been any
                     change in that?


Kushal Maheshwari:   No, there is no material movement on the GST front.


Samay:               Okay. And regarding your tax expense, I see you got a tax benefit of INR4 crores in this quarter
                     versus a tax expense of INR6 crores last quarter. So how should we see the tax rate, effective
                     tax rate going forward?


Kushal Maheshwari:   Yes. So, you're right, this was because of the Labour Code impact and the deferred tax asset that
                     we have booked in the books. Going forward, we will continue to guide on the 10% ETR range
                     given the model of our business.


Moderator:           Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we take that as the last question. I would now like to hand
                     the conference over to sir Lohit for closing comments. Over to you, sir.


Lohit Bhatia:        So thank you very much for joining us today. As we look ahead, our ambition is to scale
                     responsibly while continuing to improve the quality and sustainability of our earnings. In Q4,
                     we are focused on delivering a net headcount addition exceeding 15,000 building on our market
                     leadership and execution strength.


                     In Professional Staffing, we are working towards exiting the quarter with a INR30 crores
                     EBITDA run rate on a quarterly basis, reflecting the steady shift towards higher value, higher-
                     margin work. We see a meaningful opportunity to further increase the contribution of our
                     Professional and Overseas business to overall profitability while maintaining strong cash
                     generation and balance sheet discipline.


                     Underpinning all of this is our continued investment in AI-led transformation across hiring,
                     collections, back-end operations, which we believe will be the key drivers of productivity,
                     resilience and long-term value creation. At a broader level, our focus is on consistent growth
                     with strong fiscal discipline. We have a clear ambition to scale to 1 million associates over the
                     next 4 to 5 years. worldwide with high cash flow generation and a sustainable dividend policy
                     as guardrails that must be met.


                     We will continue to invest in higher-margin businesses across India and overseas, anchored on
                     our three core pillars: employees, customers and shareholders. Thanks again for joining us for
                     the Q3 earnings call. Your question and feedback has always been valuable. We appreciate your


                                               Page 18 of 19

[[PAGE 20 / 20]]
                                                                                      Quess Corp Limited.
                                                                                        January 29, 2026

             continued interest and support, and I sincerely look forward to catching up with you again. Thank
             you.


Moderator:   On behalf of IIFL Capital Services Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for
             joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines.




                                    Page 19 of 19

