[[PAGE 1 / 15]]
  RADIANTCMS/Q2/EarningsCall-Transcript/SE/2025-26

  Date: 13.11.2025

    To                                             To
    Listing Department,                            Department of Corporate Services,
    National Stock Exchange of India Limited       BSE Limited
    C-1, G-Block, Bandra - Kurla Complex           Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street,
    Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051                   Mumbai – 400 001

                         Scrip Code: 543732, Scrip Symbol: RADIANTCMS
                                        ISIN: INE855R01021

Sub: Transcript for the Earnings Conference Call on the Un-Audited standalone and consolidated
financial results for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025, held on November 07,
2025

Dear Ma’am/Sir(s),

Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46(2) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the “Transcript for the Earnings Conference Call” on Un-
Audited standalone and consolidated financial results for the quarter and half year ended September
30, 2025, held on November 07, 2025 for your information and records.

Kindly take the above details on record.

Thanking you,

Yours faithfully,
For RADIANT CASH MANAGEMENT SERVICES LIMITED
Nithin          Digitally signed
                by Nithin Tom

Tom             Date: 2025.11.13
                14:50:47 +05'30'
Nithin Tom
Company Secretary
A53056

[[PAGE 2 / 15]]
     “Radiant Cash Management Services Limited
         Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call”
                  November 07, 2025




MANAGEMENT: COL. DAVID DEVASAHAYAM – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING
            DIRECTOR
            MR. T.V. VENKATARAMANAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
            MR. MUTHURAMAN – STRATEGY AND INVESTOR
            RELATIONS

MODERATOR:   MR. RAJU BARNAWAL – ANTIQUE STOCK BROKING
             LIMITED




                        Page 1 of 14

[[PAGE 3 / 15]]
                                                                      Radiant Cash Management Services Limited
                                                                                           November 07, 2025

Moderator:           Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Radiant Cash Management Services Q2
                     FY '26 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Antique Stock Broking Limited. As a reminder, all
                     participant lines will be in listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask
                     questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference
                     call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note
                     that this conference is being recorded.


                     I now hand the conference over to Mr. Raju Barnawal. Thank you, and over to you, sir.


Raju Barnawal:       Thank you, and welcome, everyone, to Q2 FY '26 earnings conference call of Radiant Cash
                     Management. Today we have with us the management of Radiant Cash represented by Colonel
                     David Devasahayam, CMD sir;; Mr. Venkataramanan, CFO; and Mr. Muthuraman, Strategy and
                     IR.


                     With this, I hand over the call to MD sir for his opening remarks, post which we'll start the Q&A
                     session. Thank you, and over to you, sir.


David Devasahayam:   Good morning. Thank you, Raju. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining
                     us today for Radiant's investor call. At the outset, apologies for not holding the analyst call at
                     the end of the previous quarter due to certain unavoidable commitments. Let me assure you all
                     that from here on, we'll consistently hold the analyst call at the end of every quarter and provide
                     transparent updates on the developments in the company.


                     Coming to the performance for this quarter. Our standalone revenues were nearly flat over the
                     same period last year at about INR1.02 billion. Our EBITDA margins are lower at 14.9%, mainly
                     on account of losses in the valuable Logistics segment and secular increase in our fixed costs.
                     Volume of cash handled during the quarter at INR0.41 trillion remained flat over the same
                     quarter in the previous year. We are taking several measures to improve the revenue growth and
                     restore the profitability to past high levels.


                     I'm highlighting the key measures below, which I believe would start yielding results in the
                     coming quarters. We have started offering a wider array of services to banks to capture a higher
                     wallet share. These include cash sorting machines, ATM replenishment through cathode swap,
                     cash deposit machines and an increased thrust on cash van operations. We have strengthened
                     our direct client’s business, which has continued to grow at a healthier pace and now constitutes
                     15.7% of our standalone revenues.


                     We have initiated certain cost reduction measures across every region. Through rigorous
                     benchmarking of several productivity measures, which is expected to reduce costs to the tune of
                     INR50 million on an annualized basis at current level of operations from the third quarter
                     onwards.

                     A strong focus on achieving growth and breakeven in valuable Logistics segment has resulted
                     in near doubling of revenues in this division, though on a small base. While costs have increased
                     correspondingly in this quarter on account of a few senior hires and new routes for our marquee
                     customers, we are confident of significant improvement in gross margins and achieving
                     breakeven in the current financial year.

                                               Page 2 of 14

[[PAGE 4 / 15]]
                                                             Radiant Cash Management Services Limited
                                                                                  November 07, 2025

              Onboarding of a distributor network to handle low cash volume points with the help of
              technology and lastly, a significant thrust on improving transaction volumes in our fintech
              subsidiary, Acemoney, which carries better margins and provide more sustainable revenue
              streams.


              At the same time, our core business of cash pickup and delivery continued to grow at a muted
              pace in this quarter due to lower thrust of banks in pushing cash management services at this
              point to their clients. We have strengthened our sales teams across all business verticals and
              launched several new initiatives in sales and marketing to improve the core business volume.


              At the same time, significant improvement in cash volumes handled was witnessed in the current
              quarter. That is the third quarter on account of the recent government initiatives to boost
              consumer demand through reduction of GST as well as the extended festive season. In terms of
              operations, our cash losses continue to be the lowest in the industry because of our robust risk
              management framework.


              We continue to expand our geographic footprint with over 15,000 pin codes and close to 9,000
              locations, which is helping us maintain our market leadership in the retail cash management
              segment of the cash logistics industry. We remain committed to providing transparent updates
              on our progress and answering any questions that you may have.


              I will now request Mr. Muthuraman to speak about the progress achieved in Acemoney, followed
              by Mr. Venkataramanan to speak about the financial performance and KPIs.


Muthuraman:   Thanks, Colonel David. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining this earnings call. I'll be
              presenting the update on Radiant Acemoney, our fintech subsidiary. After a sharp drop in
              revenues and significant losses in Q1 due to a vendor transition issue, which we highlighted
              earlier, Radiant Acemoney has bounced back and reached revenues of INR49 million for this
              quarter, up from INR17 million in the previous quarter.


              Though due to extended impact of the disruption in the first few weeks of this quarter, the
              performance is still below the delivery capacity and market potential for this business, resulting
              in EBITDA level losses of INR15.6 million for this quarter. The business has now come back to
              healthy profitable levels, and we are confident that Radiant Acemoney will fully wipe out the
              losses incurred in the first 6 months and contribute meaningfully to the overall profits of the
              consolidated entity in the remainder of the year.


              I'd like to present a few numbers to put our performance in perspective. We have installed
              14,000-plus POS machines in this quarter and working towards achieving an ambitious target of
              more than 1 lakh machines for the current financial year. The team used the vendor disruption
              period to increase thrust on transaction volumes, which has yielded results. We clocked
              transaction volumes of almost INR400 crores in this quarter, and transaction revenues now
              account for almost 25% of our revenues in this quarter, up from an insignificant share in the
              same quarter last year.


              I'd like to highlight here that the final aim of this business is to enable transactions at the
              grassroot level, particularly in Tier 3 and beyond, which will help achieve real financial inclusion

                                        Page 3 of 14

[[PAGE 5 / 15]]
                                                                 Radiant Cash Management Services Limited
                                                                                      November 07, 2025

                  besides providing us with a sustained annuity revenue model. We are also in the process of
                  developing many of these retail outlets into business correspondents to provide a much wider
                  variety of financial services, including accepting cash from our retail cash management business
                  at competitive rates to help grow the core business of the consolidated entity.


                  We are continuously expanding both our geographical footprint as well as service offerings to
                  address the untapped markets in rural areas where digital access is still below 50% for merchant
                  outlets, providing huge opportunities for growth. The remaining quarters of the current financial
                  year are quite promising, both in terms of revenue growth and profitability. We'll continue to
                  provide regular updates on the progress of Acemoney to our investors as we scale greater heights
                  in the coming months.


                  I would now request our CFO, Mr. Venkataramanan, to present our financial performance.


Venkataramanan:   Thank you, Muthuraman. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us on this investor call
                  today. I will present the company's key performance indicators and financial performance for
                  the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025. Coming to business performance. During
                  the financial year so far, we added 10 new clients and 120 new end customers in our retail cash
                  management business.


                  At the same time, we had a drop of 2,364 points in the last 6 months, mainly on account of loss
                  of a few regions of railways and loss of one major e-commerce logistics client who got acquired
                  in this period. In this half year, we handled INR0.83 trillion of cash, a growth of 1.3% over same
                  period last year.


                  As a result, the overall business has remained flat at INR2 billion for this period. At the same
                  time, I would like to highlight the fact that today, we produce more than 75,000 touch points,
                  covering approximately 14,500 pin codes across 9,000-plus locations and continue to have the
                  widest network in the industry.


                  In terms of segment performance, we witnessed healthy growth of 30% plus in E-Commerce
                  segment and 24% in Petroleum segment, while Railways and E-Commerce Logistics reported
                  more than 50% drop in this quarter compared to the same period last year. The share of direct
                  business continued to improve and now account for 16% of our cash management revenues as
                  against 13% in the same quarter last year and 4% the year before.


                  Our Diamond Bullion Jewellery segment has grown at a healthy pace in top line this quarter and
                  have added a few marquee customers with significant growth potential. At the same time, our
                  costs, particularly related to air cargo have also increased, resulting in continued losses for this
                  quarter. The senior management team has been strengthened and the routes have been
                  consolidated and the management is confident of achieving breakeven in this business vertical
                  in the current financial year.


                  Consolidated revenues for the quarter were INR1.07 billion, representing 4.6% growth over the
                  previous quarter. Consolidated EBITDA margins for the quarter stood at 13.1%, an
                  improvement of 150 basis points over the previous quarter. The improvement in EBITDA
                  margin in this quarter was achieved on account of 3 factors mainly: one, strong focus on cost

                                           Page 4 of 14

[[PAGE 6 / 15]]
                                                                    Radiant Cash Management Services Limited
                                                                                         November 07, 2025

                    control; two, reduced losses in Acemoney, our fintech subsidiary, which suffered in the previous
                    quarter due to a onetime vendor displacement shock. Third, healthy growth and contribution
                    from our cash van operations. The management is confident of significant improvement in
                    margins in the remaining quarters of the current year.


                    Radiant continues to have very low cash losses from operations, well below the industry
                    standards. We are one of the lowest cash losses in this quarter, a reflection of our strong risk
                    management practices.


                    In summary, the revenue performance for the year has been muted due to company-specific
                    factors highlighted earlier as well as due to extended monsoons. Despite muted revenue growth,
                    EBITDA margins have improved due to strident cost control measures undertaken by the
                    management.


                    The management is working on several sales and marketing initiatives across all verticals, direct
                    sales, diamond bullion jewellery business, cash van operations, insta credit and our core business
                    of retail cash management, and we believe these measures will reflect in better growth and
                    margins in the remaining period of the current financial year.

                    I now hand over the floor for question and answers. Thank you, everyone.


Moderator:          Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Abhishek Chawala, an individual
                    investor. Please go ahead.

Abhishek Chawala:   Just a bookkeeping question. In the cash flow statement, when we mentioned fund held relating
                    to cash management activity, could you just share, is this the cash -- the company's cash that has
                    been for the rotation? Or is this the client's cash?


Venkataramanan:     It is the client's cash.


Muthuraman:         This is what -- the client cash is already netted off. If you see the cash in bank -- in the notes in
                    our annual report, if you see, the total gross cash minus what is belonging to the client is netted
                    off and what is -- this is a net amount which belongs to Radiant Cash management, but it is not
                    free cash, but is used in daily operations of the company.


                    This will be cases where we fund the client on the same day, but we get credit the next day or
                    where we use it for during holidays or evening pickups etcetera, or wherever we do the cash
                    burial. These are the instances where our own cash is used. And also in cases where low
                    denomination notes and coins are collected, we accumulate that and then dispose off
                    subsequently, but we fund the client for the full amount.


Moderator:          The next question is from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter Cyclical Investment.


Madhur Rathi:       Sir, I'm relatively new to the company. So I wanted to understand, sir, what has led to our
                    margins declining from close to 27%, 28% to 12%, 13% for the past 3 quarters?


Muthuraman:         I'll answer this in 2 parts. One is specifically for this quarter and a generic response as well. One
                    is that specific to this quarter, the losses in our Radiant valuable logistics affected our overall

                                               Page 5 of 14

[[PAGE 7 / 15]]
                                                               Radiant Cash Management Services Limited
                                                                                    November 07, 2025

                margins. There's also been an increase in cost of guards and drivers and a nominal increase in
                salaries. As we had explained in the past, ours is a high fixed cost and high operating leverage
                business. So when the revenue grows, costs do not correspondingly increase and results in better
                EBITDA margins.


                But absence of revenue growth has had the exact counter effect. So when the revenues are flat,
                the cost nominally increase typically 7%, 8% to account for cost of living and guards and drivers
                specifically are at a slightly higher rate because of market conditions. So that has affected our
                operating margins in the -- at the core business level. The losses at the RVL added to a higher
                loss at the standalone level and some loss in the Acemoney because of the vendor disruption
                resulted in lower margins at the consolidated level.


Madhur Rathi:   Got it. And sir, if I look -- sir, so what would it require for us to reach the 25% plus margin that
                we used to do earlier?


Muthuraman:     Yes. Again, in 3 parts, I'll answer. One is that the Acemoney was a onetime disruption. We are
                confident that it will contribute significantly to the overall profit for the remainder of the year.
                So that should help improve the consolidated EBITDA. We are confident that the valuable
                logistics will achieve breakeven in the current financial year.


                So the reduction in losses again will help improve. The key reason how our EBITDA margins
                will restore back to the 25% levels is when our revenue growth for the core business is the mid-
                teen levels of rate. And there are specific company-specific factors, which Mr. Venkataramanan
                highlighted, which affected that. Management is conscious of it and taking measures to restore
                our core business growth.


Madhur Rathi:   Sir, for rest of FY '26 and FY '27, sir, can we expect to grow at the mid-teen’s kind of revenue
                growth wherein we can achieve a margin improvement?


Muthuraman:     See, definitely, there will be a margin improvement, both revenue growth as well as margin
                improvement. October festive season has been fantastic for -- as you would have seen in many
                other companies as well. So same is the case for us. October has been good. We're expecting
                that the trend will continue, and we will report definitely much better margins than the first half
                of the year.


Madhur Rathi:   Got it. Sir, just final question from me, sir. Our competitors, they have mentioned that they have
                got a big quick commerce client to their business. So do we have -- do we cater to quick
                commerce segment or we are still not present in that segment? And if not, can we expect a client
                addition in that segment?


Muthuraman:     No, no, we do have quick commerce clients in our client portfolio as well, yes.


Madhur Rathi:   And sir, is this a segment that retail can become big over the next 2 to 3 years or retail cash
                management will be the dominant segment for us?


Muthuraman:     No, no. I think your question is wrongly framed. The retail cash management service that we
                offer to quick commerce clients is providing some growth. It is not that we are getting into quick


                                         Page 6 of 14

[[PAGE 8 / 15]]
                                                                 Radiant Cash Management Services Limited
                                                                                      November 07, 2025

                  commerce and doing delivery of anything other than cash. So even I think the competitor also is
                  providing cash management services to quick commerce companies, e-commerce companies, e-
                  com logistics companies and BFSI and several other sectors.


                  At this point of time, BFSI is our largest segment, followed by organized retail. These 2 will be
                  driving our growth. Yes, e-com also is driving our growth and quick commerce also will
                  continue to drive our growth. In fact, this quarter, just now CFO mentioned, we had almost 30%
                  growth in revenues from e-commerce segment.


Madhur Rathi:     Got it. And sir, just a final question, sir, we have INR242 crores of cash on our books as of H1
                  end. Sir, so how much of this is pertaining to our clients? And how much is pertaining to
                  Radiant's own business?


Muthuraman:       No, no. 100% of it is Radiant's own cash. Nothing is -- the clients' cash you cannot enter into
                  our balance sheet.


Venkataramanan:   That's right. Because the cash balance, what we have shown is after netting of the client's cash
                  balances. It's our own cash.


Muthuraman:       Free cash, as I explained. But it is not entirely free cash as we explained. We have given a
                  breakdown of that in our balance sheet in annual reports. We don't do that in quarterly
                  statements. You can say roughly about half of it will be free cash.


Madhur Rathi:     Sir, I didn't get that. Sir, can you repeat?

Venkataramanan:   Yes. About INR75 crores would be our free cash.


Muthuraman:       Sorry about that, not half of it. INR75 crores is free cash. rest of it is cash used in cash
                  management activities. For funding leasing, pickups, for funding holiday pickups, for funding
                  low denomination notes and coins, for funding same day, day 0 funding, etcetera. And also
                  margin money towards bank guarantee that we provide to banks.


Moderator:        The next question is from the line of Gurav, an individual investor.


Gurav:            I had a few questions. Number one, the first question that I had was more towards macro-centric
                  view. From where I understand the volume of UPI transaction has been increasing and the digital
                  penetration in India has been increasing. So I just wanted to understand outlook and a viewpoint
                  that you see from your business and the volume -- and a decline in volume that you foresee in
                  the future?


Muthuraman:       Okay. See, the growth in UPI has been happening alongside the growth in currency in circulation
                  as well. So the currency in circulation, even if you see the latest data as of August 2025, it is
                  almost INR38 lakh crores growth over same period last year, almost 8% growth over same
                  period last year. So currency in circulation continues to grow, and it will continue to remain at
                  about 12%, 13% as a percentage of GDP. So as the GDP grows, currency in circulation will
                  continue to grow. So that is not a serious challenge that we are facing.




                                            Page 7 of 14

[[PAGE 9 / 15]]
                                                                  Radiant Cash Management Services Limited
                                                                                       November 07, 2025

                 The bigger opportunity for us is that we are hardly catering to a very small share of the
                 transactions that happen in cash. And significant number of banks, particularly public sector
                 banks, not yet offer this as a service, the doorstep banking as a service to their customers. So we
                 are doing a direct sales to customers. And today, direct sales is about 16%, 17% of our revenues,
                 and we expect it to continue to grow. So there is no major challenge on account of growth in the
                 digital transactions in the country.


Gurav:           Got it, sir. That was really helpful. And the next question I had. So I just want to understand the
                 targeted EBITDA margins that we're looking for because in the current quarter from where I can
                 see is we have improved from 11.6% to 13.1% sequentially. So how do we see going forward in
                 Q3 and Q4? Because catching up with the festive season, I think there should be some
                 positiveness circulating in the market. I just wanted to have a viewpoint and understanding on
                 that.


Muthuraman:      We have not put out specific number guidance for the remainder of the year as yet. But definitely,
                 the trend line, what you saw between first quarter and second quarter, it will definitely sharply
                 improve. What we had said in our earlier analyst calls is that in a sense, '27 as in the next financial
                 year, our hope will be to reach our past historical high levels, which is about 25% EBITDA
                 margins.


Moderator:       The next question is from the line of Zohair Hussain Nasser from Nasser Investment.


Zohair Nasser:   Could you -- my question is on the payment aggregation and digital payments solution line of
                 business, which was announced along with the results. How do you -- could you elaborate on
                 how this business will align with the Acemoney's current product suite and what strategic
                 synergies do you see between these 2 businesses?


Muthuraman:      Yes. So the strategy that we have -- I'll answer it in 2 parts. What is the Acemoney's standalone
                 growth strategy and the linkages with the core business of Radiant Cash Management? So the
                 Acemoney's own growth strategy is one to increase its footprint. Today, we already have almost
                 close to 1 lakh POS machines outstanding. In this quarter, we did 14,000. And our -- this year
                 target is incremental 1 lakh machines for the current year. So that is the rollout of the POS
                 machines is the Stage 1. That is the first stage revenue.


                 Then help improve transaction volumes from these POS machines. We do have almost current
                 quarter, 25% of our revenues is from transaction volume. But as the number of POS machine
                 target is ambitious, this share could slightly go down, but the volume of transactions at INR400
                 crores for this quarter will significantly improve as in the rest of the quarters. So this is the
                 second level of revenue streams. This is more like an annuity stream.


                 The third level is that roughly between 15%, 20% of these POS machines, these retail outlets
                 will translate into business correspondents based on the volume and maturity of that outlet,
                 etcetera, where we can offer a much wider variety of transactions, Aadhaar Enabled Payment
                 System, bill payments, domestic money transfer, cash withdrawals, cash deposits, statements,
                 etcetera. It will like a mini bank.




                                           Page 8 of 14

[[PAGE 10 / 15]]
                                                                    Radiant Cash Management Services Limited
                                                                                         November 07, 2025

                     So these -- I mean, each of these POS machines will at least 10%, 15% of them will function
                     like a micro-ATM. So with a much wider variety of services, including other financial inclusion
                     services like micro insurance and bank account opening, etcetera. So this will give much higher
                     unit volume for the retail outlet as well as for Radiant Acemoney. So that is the third stage of
                     maturity as we go along in the Radiant Acemoney's own growth strategy.


                     Now coming to the second part of it, where we see a synergy between in our core business is
                     that as we have said in the past, we have lost some part of the business in the core business to
                     payments banks where these business correspondent outlets have been used for cash collection.
                     So our own network will help us win back those and also offer this as a service.


                     Particularly, this is workable only where the transaction volumes are low, where the vendor or
                     the retail outlet has a wallet balance and they are able to provide those instant credit to the
                     merchants. So that is where we are hoping that the synergy benefits will work out over the
                     coming quarters. I hope this answers your question.


Zohair Nasser:       No, I just wanted to understand on the digital payment solutions business, the new line of
                     business that you announced with an investment of INR3 crores. How would this significantly
                     be different from Acemoney?


Muthuraman:          No, no. So there's a regulation which mandates that this business cannot continue without a
                     payment aggregator license. Today, we are working with a few banks where banks as a BC
                     model. Bank as a payment aggregator model, BAPA model. But that will not -- RBI has said
                     that they will not allow that business model to continue and payment aggregation players like
                     Acemoney have to obtain a payment aggregator license, so will require a payment aggregator.


                     So that is why that has been done. By next 2 quarters, we hope to have that license and then roll
                     out -- continue to do the same business, whatever the business strategy that I have indicated
                     requires beyond a particular cutoff date will require a PA license, and that is why that initiative
                     has been taken.


Moderator:           The next question is from the line of Vikas Kasturi from Focus Capital.


Muthuraman:          I think the line is not active, we can move to the next question, please. Operator?


David Devasahayam:   Raju, you are there?


Moderator:           The next question is from the line of Vikas Kasturi from Focus Capital.


Vikas Kasturi:       Sir, I had a few questions. The first one is about the drop in railways business. Is that like a
                     onetime thing? Is that something that is temporary? Or is that like a trend that you are seeing?


Muthuraman:          Okay. So our business from governments are hardly there. This is one such segment where
                     because of the adverse pricing and because of very long payment cycles, we decided not to
                     pursue this aggressively. There are no other major government businesses that we are dependent
                     on through RFP model. So it is more onetime in nature.




                                              Page 9 of 14

[[PAGE 11 / 15]]
                                                                     Radiant Cash Management Services Limited
                                                                                          November 07, 2025

Vikas Kasturi:       Got it, sir. Sir, could you please elaborate a little more about what happened with the Acemoney.
                     There was some vendor shock, something like that, which you described, but I did not
                     understand that issue. Could you please describe that for me, sir?


David Devasahayam:   Giving that much detail as I would like to in a public platform, we'd like to say that the vendor
                     we were operating with there were some issues and due to which we had to move into another
                     couple of vendors, which we have done now. And that's the reason why it had an impact on the
                     first 2 quarters. But as we are seeing right now in October and also towards the later part of the
                     second quarter, we are well on our way to recovery and also to overcome whatever negative
                     performance might have happened in the first half.


Vikas Kasturi:       Got it, sir. Sir, on a related note on Acemoney, you described what the business correspondent
                     does. And I was under the impression that we were already providing those kind of services
                     through our Acemoney business. So if that retail outlet is not doing BC kind of activities today,
                     then what is the kind of service that retail outlet is providing, sir?


Muthuraman:          No, no. So let me just clarify. Of course, we do have BC's network today, and we also have the
                     merchant network today. So if I install a POS machine in a Tier 3 location in a small shop, that
                     is the first digital payment access that he is getting to accept cards, to accept any form of digital
                     payments, QR code and everything. So that is the first level.


                     But if the shop is too small, he may not be in a position to attract several other transactions like
                     Aadhaar Enabled Payment System or cash withdrawals or cash deposits, etcetera. Only 10% to
                     15% of the merchants will be big enough to become a BC. So today, we have both BCs as well
                     as merchants, but the total base is small. As we go roll out more machines, we'll be able to get a
                     much wider network of BCs.


Vikas Kasturi:       Got it, sir. And in the past, you had indicated that the synergies with our cash management
                     business is that in the cash management business, you are transporting cash and some of the cash
                     can be given to these retail outlets for their BC kind of activities. Is that correct, sir? Is my
                     understanding correct?


Muthuraman:          This is in specific pockets where there are outlets where they distribute significant amount of
                     cash, cash withdrawals and their own balance in that till will not be sufficient where we may
                     have to replenish that. It is still too nascent to have meaningful impact on us as in the sense our
                     network is small. And this is a longer-term synergy that we see between retail cash management
                     and t BC network. At this point of time, that number is very small.


David Devasahayam:   I'll add on to that, that the current utilization of MATM is not so strong that the money
                     availability at the outlet is diminishing or is not available for the customers. But as it becomes
                     more popular and the volume of these transactions increase and when there is a requirement of
                     cash to be replenished, then the fact that we have so much of cash available in the hinterland is
                     going to be a different thing compared to any other fintech player who does not have the same
                     facility.




                                              Page 10 of 14

[[PAGE 12 / 15]]
                                                                     Radiant Cash Management Services Limited
                                                                                          November 07, 2025

Vikas Kasturi:       Got it, sir. So if I understand it correctly, sir, the way you are thinking about it is like you're
                     setting up the infrastructure right now. And if and when the volumes increase in the future, then
                     you will be in a position to -- you will have more recurring revenue through that?


David Devasahayam:   Yes. If you see the kind of revenue that's currently over 60% of our revenues comes from the
                     Tier 3 plus locations. So we have an extreme -- we have a presence in the extreme hinterland,
                     the bottom of the pyramid, so to say. And now with also a strong fintech orientation, we are
                     becoming a hybrid -- a truly strong hybrid platform, truly digital in all aspects to avail of all the
                     opportunities that are now gradually emerging in this hinterland as it becomes more and more
                     aspirational.


Vikas Kasturi:       Got it, sir. One more question, sir. Could you please throw some light on Insta Credit and how
                     it is performing?


David Devasahayam:   Insta Credit is again a long-term measure that we have taken. This is that as the bulk cash and
                     with the impact of digitization as the volume cash in outlets, particularly in Tier 1, Tier 2
                     locations comes down, we are providing an opportunity for every smaller outlet where some
                     cash is there.

                     And we pick up the cash and provide instantaneous credit like a UPI transfer so that there is --
                     the moment you walk away from the outlet and thereafter, there is nothing -- there's no risk
                     factors involved for that particular outlet, and they've already got the money and they see it
                     reflected in their account.


                     So this is the model that is being extensively followed in the developed world today, where
                     digitization has gone up to as high as 70%to, 75%. But even then, large cash logistics companies
                     have over 8,000, 10,000 outlets in every large city greater area, they are based on providing
                     instantaneous remittances for whatever some cash that is getting picked up from there.


Vikas Kasturi:       Got it, sir. And one final request, sir. Like the way you are providing the logistics details for
                     your cash management business in one of the slides. Could you please provide something similar
                     like that for the DBJ business as well, number of points volume...


Muthuraman:          Your feedback is noted. Still it is insignificant in terms of revenues and hence, we have not
                     started disclosing. I mean in a sense, we are expecting -- as we committed that we are expecting
                     it to be breaking even in this financial year. We'll start disclosing that at that point of time.


Vikas Kasturi:       Got it, sir. And the reason I ask is that as an investor, right? So I'm only hearing this that there's
                     a breakeven point coming and so on, right? So in the meanwhile, it would be very helpful for
                     me to know that there has been -- that there is progress in this line of business. And so then
                     sooner or later that breakeven point is coming, and therefore, the EBITDA will improve and so
                     on. That is my request.

                     And one final suggestion, I'll just leave it, sir. So the share price is nearly half of what it was a
                     couple of years ago, sir. Maybe the promoters can signal to the market about their intention about
                     the business by buying some shares from the market, if you just send a positive signal to the
                     market. I'll just leave that thought with you, sir.

                                               Page 11 of 14

[[PAGE 13 / 15]]
                                                                     Radiant Cash Management Services Limited
                                                                                          November 07, 2025

David Devasahayam:   Your point is well taken, and we are very sensitive to the stake to all the shareholders. And it's
                     just that the company is currently in a state where we have planted some seeds for the future,
                     which are being carefully attended to. And there would be a certain gestation period before each
                     of these activities start bearing the kind of fruit that we are looking at.


Moderator:           The next question is from the line of Chandramouli J., an individual investor.


Chandramouli J.:     You are talking about the POS machine incrementally 1 lakh, which you are expecting in H2,
                     right?


Muthuraman:          No, 1 lakh for the current year. So more than 1 lakh for the current year. We did about 14,000
                     in this quarter and about 4,000 in the first quarter.


Chandramouli J.:     Okay. Overall will you be in a position to go beyond the loss financial year PAT, this financial
                     year '26, sir? I mean you are talking about the better second half.


Venkataramanan:      We are planning to reach to that level, make some nominal profit in the current financial year.

Chandramouli J.:     On the value logistics RVL, what about the loss now, sir? And you said that you'll be EBITDA
                     positive. Is it for the second half or the whole year?


Muthuraman:          No, no. In the second half, probably -- yes, in the second half, we will achieve breakeven. That's
                     the expectation.


Chandramouli J.:     What would be the breakeven top line, sir, which you might need for a quarterly basis?


Muthuraman:          Yes. INR1 crore a month is the kind of revenue that we should hit. INR1 crore or INR1.2 crores
                     per month is where the breakeven level will be at this point in time.


Chandramouli J.:     Our competitor is talking about the large PSU bank ATM, which is coming in, things like that.
                     If there is any color on that, sir, some PSU banks are coming up with?


Muthuraman:          We are not in the ATM segment at all.


Moderator:           The next question is from the line of Abhishek Chawala, an individual investor.


Abhishek Chawala:    Regarding the direct clients, so I understand these clients are having their bank accounts in the
                     bank, which does not offer the cash management service. So I just want to understand, is there
                     a risk when, let's say, the PSU banks start offering this service and they give that route or a
                     particular contract to another competitor. So do we have the risk of losing that client at that
                     point?


Muthuraman:          No. I mean I would be very happy to be in the situation when a public sector bank start offering
                     this because the number of clients that they will be able to offer this service will be vast in
                     number. Today, all PSUs except SBI, I think they have a market share of close to 55%, 60%.
                     And if they start offering this, that will open floodgates of business for us.




                                              Page 12 of 14

[[PAGE 14 / 15]]
                                                                     Radiant Cash Management Services Limited
                                                                                          November 07, 2025

                    And on top of it, see the direct business is where we have a contract with the customer. As long
                    as the customer is happy with our service, there is no reason for him to migrate. Our pricing,
                    whether direct or through bank is largely the same.


Abhishek Chawala:   Okay. Just to understand, like even if that event happens, the upside will mitigate even if we lose
                    a few points because that route is not beneficial, that route is serviced by some other competitor?
                    That's it.


Muthuraman:         That's right.


Moderator:          The next question is from the line of Sudeep Samanta, an individual investor.


Sudeep Samanta:     I have 2-3 questions. First of all, quarter 4 con call, you guys say this year, our target would be
                    revenue target, 15% to 18% H1, we achieved only INR204 crores. So how we can achieve, sir,
                    15% to 18% it's difficult, I think. This is the first question.


Muthuraman:         Yes. At a consolidated level, our last year, full year consolidated is INR433 crores. And -- yes.
                    May not meet the exact target, but it will be closer to that. It's not going to be sharply different.


Sudeep Samanta:     It would be better than last year or similar to last year?


Muthuraman:         Definitely better than last year. Definitely better than last year.


Sudeep Samanta:     Okay. And what would be our EBITDA margin, sir, going forward?


Muthuraman:         See, we've not given specific EBITDA guidance for the remainder of the quarters. First quarter
                    to second quarter, there is an improvement, and we are definitely confident that the second half
                    EBITDA margins will be much better than the Q2 margins, much better.


Moderator:          The next question is from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter Cyclical Investment.


Madhur Rathi:       In our Acemoney subsidiary, sir, who would be our competitors in this segment? And sir, when
                    we say that this segment is a better margin business, so what is the margin profile expected when
                    we achieve a steady state on this business segment?


Muthuraman:         Yes. Specific competition names, I would not like to mention, but anybody who provides
                    financial solutions to retail outlets, smaller shops, etcetera, could be considered as our
                    competitor. The margin profile there -- see where we come from, where our strength is in the
                    presence in the Tier 3, Tier 4 locations remote locations like Northeast, Jammu and Kashmir,
                    etcetera, where we think we will have an intrinsic advantage compared to any other existing
                    players.


                    The second question about the steady-state EBITDA -- steady-state margins, there are 2 parts to
                    it. One is where the transaction revenues have a much healthier gross margins compared to our
                    POS machine revenues. At a combined level, I think that business in a steady state can generate
                    about between 15% to 20% EBITDA margin.




                                             Page 13 of 14

[[PAGE 15 / 15]]
                                                                       Radiant Cash Management Services Limited
                                                                                            November 07, 2025

Madhur Rathi:        Sir, our retail cash management business was doing upwards of 20%, 25% margin, and this
                     segment is expected to generate 15%, 20% margin. Sir, so, is the working capital need or is the
                     capital employed lower in this segment versus that segment? Or I'm just trying to understand
                     from a capital allocation policy.


Muthuraman:          Capital employed will be lower in this business as well. And yes, so in terms of return on capital
                     employed, this will be fairly healthy. Definitely will be fairly healthy.


Madhur Rathi:        Okay. Got it. Sir, just a final question, sir. One of our peer AGS Transact went bankrupt, sir. So
                     has there been any white space that we expect to bank on? And sir, how is the market
                     environment currently? Are we able to capture the share whatever in segments we are present
                     where because of AGS going bankrupt, we can gain over the next 1-1.5 years?


Muthuraman:          See, it's not a peer. We don't -- we hardly have any line of business, which is common with AGS.
                     They are more in the ATM segment, and we are not present in that segment at all.


Moderator:           Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. We have reached the end of question-
                     and-answer session. I would now like to hand the conference over to management for closing
                     remarks.

David Devasahayam:   Thank you very much, Raju. The performance for the quarter has been muted and due to
                     significant losses in our new initiatives of RVL and Acemoney, coupled with the muted
                     performance of our core business. Our new initiatives are like seeds planted which demand
                     patience that are taking a little time to grow.


                     I'm excited how we are today maturing into a hybrid digital platform catering to the entire suite
                     of cash and cash-related products. With a strong presence in over 15,000 pin codes, our deep
                     reach into India's hinterland positions us strongly to utilize every emerging opportunity in these
                     areas.


                     The management is conscious of its commitment to its shareholders, and we are taking several
                     measures to grow the business and improve profitability. With renewed focus on sales initiatives
                     across all the verticals and strident cost reduction measures, we are confident of improving the
                     performance in the ongoing financial year.


                     I want to express my gratitude for your continued support of Radiant. We are confident that our
                     continuous efforts will yield promising results for all stakeholders. Thank you all for your time
                     and your continuing interest in your company. Thank you very much, Raju.


Moderator:           Thank On the behalf of Antique Stock Broking Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank
                     you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.




                                             Page 14 of 14

