[[PAGE 1 / 16]]
RADIANTCMS/Q4-EarningsCall/Transcript/SE/2026-27
Date: 08.06.2026

       To                                         To
       Listing Department,                        Department of Corporate Services,
       National Stock Exchange of India Limited   BSE Limited
       C-1, G-Block, Bandra - Kurla Complex       Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal
       Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051               Street,
                                                  Mumbai – 400 001

                          Scrip Code: 543732, Scrip Symbol: RADIANTCMS
                                         ISIN: INE855R01021

Sub: Transcript for the Earnings Conference Call on the Audited Standalone and Consolidated
Financial Results for the year ended March 31, 2026, held on June 02, 2026

Dear Ma’am/Sir(s),

Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46(2) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the “Transcript for the Earnings
Conference Call” on Audited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results for the year ended
March 31, 2026, held on June 02, 2026 for your information and records.

Kindly take the above details on record.

Thanking you,

Yours faithfully,
For RADIANT CASH MANAGEMENT SERVICES LIMITED
Nithin          Digitally signed by
                Nithin Tom

Tom             Date: 2026.06.08
                10:50:50 +05'30'

Nithin Tom
Company Secretary
A53056

[[PAGE 2 / 16]]
     “Radiant Cash Management Services Limited
          4Q FY26 Earnings Conference Call”
                     June 02, 2026




MANAGEMENT: COLONEL DAVID DEVASAHAYAM – CHAIRMAN AND
             MANAGING DIRECTOR
             MR. T.V. VENKATARAMANAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
             MR. ALEXANDER DAVID – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR
             MR. MUTHURAMAN – STRATEGY AND INVESTOR RELATIONS

MODERATOR:   MR. RAJU BARNAWAL – ANTIQUE STOCK BROKING
             LIMITED




                         Page 1 of 15

[[PAGE 3 / 16]]
                                                                        Radiant Cash Management Services Limited
                                                                                                  June 02, 2026



Moderator:               Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Radiant Cash Management 4Q FY '26
                         Earnings Conference Call hosted by Antique Stock Broking Limited. As a reminder, all
                         participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask
                         questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference
                         call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note
                         that this conference is being recorded.


                         I now hand the conference over to Mr. Raju Barnawal from Antique Stock Broking Limited.
                         Thank you, and over to you, sir.

Raju Barnawal:           Thank you, and good morning and welcome everyone to Q4 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call
                         of Radiant Cash Management. Today, we have with us the management of Radiant Cash
                         Management represented by: Colonel David Devasahayam, MD sir, Mr. Alexander David,
                         Whole-Time Director; Mr. Venkataramanan, CFO; and Mr. Muthuraman, Strategy and IR.

                         With this, I hand over the call to MD sir for his opening remarks, post which we will start the
                         Q&A session. Thank you, and over to you, sir.


Col David Devasahayam:   Thank you very much, Raju. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us
                         today for Radiant's Investor Call. The standalone revenues for the year were flat over the
                         previous year. We had excellent growth in e-commerce, which witnessed 21% annual growth.
                         Petroleum sector and organized retail also grew well over the last year. However, we have been
                         highlighting in our earlier analyst call, our revenue growth was affected by the loss of a few
                         regions of railways to competition and loss of a large client in the e-com logistics segment, which
                         got acquired by a larger player.


                         Our stand-alone EBITDA margin for the quarter, Q4 financial year '26, continued its improving
                         trend over the last few quarters and was at 15%, in this quarter, up from 30.6% in Q3 FY '26.
                         The improvement was mainly on account of various cost reduction measures undertaken by the
                         company. We handled cash volume of INR1.69 trillion during the year, financial year '26, a
                         growth of about 1% over the previous year.


                         The management is taking several measures to improve revenue growth, which would help in
                         restoring the EBITDA margins to past healthier levels. Rigorous focus on adding direct clients,
                         increased trust on dedicated cash vans, empanelment of smaller banks, including cooperative
                         banks and rural banks; some of the measures taken by the management that will improve the
                         core business revenues.


                         In terms of margins, I'm highlighting a few specific aspects below, which will help improving
                         our financial performance in the current financial year. In the core business, the operating
                         leverage will help improve the margins when the revenues grow at a healthy pace, as a significant
                         portion of our costs are fixed in nature.




                                                   Page 2 of 15

[[PAGE 4 / 16]]
                                                                      Radiant Cash Management Services Limited
                                                                                                June 02, 2026

                   Radiant valuable logistics has reached the top line of INR60.7 million for the year, with steady
                   improvement in performance quarter-on-quarter. Though this division is still reporting negative
                   EBITDA, the trend line is encouraging. With recent strengthening of the management team and
                   the division and recent addition of 5 marquee national jewellery chains, this division is likely to
                   achieve breakeven in the first half of the current financial year, which will improve the overall
                   profitability.


                   The management is taking several cost reduction measures, including route optimization with
                   the help of technology, discontinuation of select low-density routes and staff cost optimization.
                   The results are already visible in the trend line of steady improvement in stand-alone EBITDA
                   margins.


                   We are redoubling our efforts to provide alternate cash collection solutions, including business
                   correspondent model and insta-credit and expect these measures to have a meaningful impact on
                   our profitability in the current financial year.

                   Coming to our consolidated financial performance, the overall consolidated PAT has dropped
                   to INR280 million in FY '26 from INR470 million in FY '25, largely on account of losses
                   incurred in our fintech subsidiary. As we had indicated during our last earnings call, the PIDF
                   subsidy had ended in December 2025, and the subsidiary is working towards improving its
                   transaction revenues rapidly. The losses in the interim are transitory and the team is confident
                   of turning EBITDA positive in the first half of the current financial year and contribute
                   meaningfully to the overall profitability of the company in the full year.


                   Mr. Alexander David will provide more details on Radiant Acemoney performance and future
                   plans. We remain committed to providing transparent updates on our progress and answering
                   any questions that you may have.


                   I'll now request Alex to speak about the performance of Radiant Acemoney followed by Mr.
                   Venkataramanan to speak about the financial performance and the key performance indicators.
                   It's over to you, Alex.


Alexander David:   Thank you, sir. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining this earnings call. I would be
                   presenting the update on Radiant Acemoney, our fintech subsidiary, Radiant Acemoney reported
                   revenue of INR287.8 million for the FY '26, representing a 19.6% growth over the previous
                   year.


                   Currently, we have approximately 1.5 lakh merchants on boarded for POS machines and added
                   approximately 60,000 sound boxes. Over the year, we also facilitated digital transactions of
                   approximately INR1,140 crores establishing our presence as a serious fintech player, particularly
                   in rural areas.


                   As reported in our last earnings call, the fourth quarter performance was poor as the PIDF
                   subsidy ended on 31st December 2025. For the current financial year, the management is




                                             Page 3 of 15

[[PAGE 5 / 16]]
                                                                     Radiant Cash Management Services Limited
                                                                                               June 02, 2026

                       seriously pursuing transaction revenues from already installed POS machines besides a new
                       aggressive growth plans.


                       Towards this end, the management has already signed up with two reputed small finance banks,
                       a large NBFC and a few banks to provide fintech services and support their network rollout
                       plans.


                       We are also in the process of developing many of the merchant outlets into business
                       correspondents to provide a much wider variety of financial services, including accepting cash
                       from our retail cash management business at competitive rates to help grow the core business of
                       the consolidated entity.

                       I'm happy to report that we have now over 10,000 business correspondents that offer a wide
                       array of fintech services. We continue to provide regular updates on the progress of Acemoney
                       to our investors as we scale greater heights in the coming months.


                       I would now request our CFO, Mr. Venkataramanan, to present our financial performance.

T.V. Venkataramanan:   Thank you, Alex. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us on this investor call today. I'll
                       present the company's key performance indicators and financial performance for the quarter and
                       year ended 31st March 2026.


                       During this financial year, we added 118 new clients and 230 new customers in our retail cash
                       management business. For the quarter ended 31 March 2026, we added 2,173 new points taking
                       out total service points for the year to 77,521. In FY '26, we handled INR1.69 trillion of cash, a
                       growth of about 1% over the same period last year.


                       The overall retail cash management business remained largely flat during this year due to loss
                       of certain regions of railways and loss of a key e-commerce logistics client due to budget. Our
                       gross cash losses for FY '26 stood at INR33 million or 0.02% to of the total cash handled during
                       the year. This is one of the best performance in the industry, a reflection of our strong focus on
                       risk management and ex-servicemen culture in our company.


                       Radiant valuable logistics grew about 35% in FY '26 over the previous year and is on its way to
                       achieve a positive EBITDA in the current financial year. Induction of an experienced
                       management team signing above 5 marquee national delivery chains and optimization of routes
                       or key some of the key initiatives taken in the last few months to improve profitability in this
                       business vertical.


                       Coming to performance -- coming to financial performance. The consolidated revenues for the
                       year were INR4.4 billion, representing 1.1% growth over the previous year. The standalone
                       EBITDA margins for the quarter continued its improving trend and clocked 15% for Q4 of FY26
                       as against 13.6% in Q3 of FY26 despite the loss of the lost RVL division.




                                                  Page 4 of 15

[[PAGE 6 / 16]]
                                                                        Radiant Cash Management Services Limited
                                                                                                  June 02, 2026

                         The consolidated EBITDA margins for the quarter dropped to 10.7% due to losses in Aceware.
                         For the year FY27, the key milestones the management is driving towards -- the management is
                         driving towards are RVL profitability and improving the revenue growth of the core business.
                         The management is taking several concrete measures to meet each of these milestones. I'm
                         confident the same will reflect in the financial performance in the coming quarters.


                         I now hand over the floor for Q&A.


Moderator:               Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is
                         from the line of Ankit Kanodia from Zen Nivesh. Please go ahead.


Ankit Kanodia:           So first, a couple of questions related to your opening remarks, please. Sir, you mentioned about
                         our efforts towards getting the direct customers. We used to share that number percentage of
                         revenue. It was from 1%. It grew to around 13% sometime in the last quarter, last or maybe --
                         what is that number today? And how do we see that number growing in the next couple of years?
                         Directionally, I'm not looking for a definite guidance, but directionally?

Col David Devasahayam:   We are at about 18% now and the growing. So it's a real critical area of focus as of now, and we
                         hope to grow steadily in this segment.


Ankit Kanodia:           Is it fair to assume, sir, that we will be able to, say, reach around 30% units in the next 12 to 18
                         months?


Muthuraman:              Yes, within the next 2 years, 30% is a reasonable target.


Ankit Kanodia:           Great. That was very helpful. Sir, second question is -- regarding the business correspondents
                         business which you are talking about, there is a player in the industry who has recently -- who
                         has been in the business correspondents business since long and recently got a SFB license. So
                         they are in the process of selling their business correspondents business. Are we exploring not
                         just that company but acquiring because we have a healthy balance sheet and a lot of cash, are
                         we also looking for M&A initiatives here or we want to grow it organically?


Muthuraman:              See, we are always open to inorganic acquisitions like the way we did the Aceware acquisition.
                         But we take a fairly conservative approach. It will be at valuations that are acceptable to us. We
                         are -- we do come across opportunities and continuously evaluate. This particular instance is
                         probably too large for us to absorb.


Ankit Kanodia:           Right, right. That was -- one last question, sir, before I join in the queue. I think we have done a
                         phenomenal job in terms of -- if you look at the standalone EBITDA increase we had a flat
                         revenue approach. So -- and most of the initiatives have largely played out and probably will
                         start kicking in, the next year. And given the kind of valuation net charge office trading and the
                         kind of cash we have on our balance sheet, are we exploring a buyback?


Col David Devasahayam:   Currently, we are exploring it also as an option, and we go with detailed discussions with our
                         larger shareholders. And also the consultants and advisers. So we are looking at it as an option.



                                                  Page 5 of 15

[[PAGE 7 / 16]]
                                                                        Radiant Cash Management Services Limited
                                                                                                  June 02, 2026

                         And also, we've been a company paying the strongest dividend over the years. So that we would
                         like to continue -- I mean, based on the larger interest and the larger response that we see will
                         take an appropriate decision in the matter.


Col Ankit Kanodia:       That was very helpful, sir. Can I have 1 more question or shall I join the queue?


David Devasahayam:       Please go ahead.


Ankit Kanodia:           Okay. So my last question is, if you can just give a qualitative view of how do we see Acemoney
                         2, 3 years the business growing in terms of -- I mean I am not asking in terms of numbers, but
                         more in terms of how do you see the business branching out more qualitatively going forward
                         in the next 3 years, 4 years. That would be helpful?

Col David Devasahayam:   This is a good strategy question that you're asking, that I'm glad that gives me an opportunity to
                         respond to it. See, with the digitization that started off, we were -- we wanted to explore because
                         we have a presence in over 14,000 pin codes. So we decided to explore as to whether we could
                         make use of this strong presence and network across all geographies of the country, whether we
                         could also bring in the digitization revenue into as a high print model and therefore, move from
                         physical cash to phygital.


                         So it is with that in mind that Radiant Acemoney was acquired, and we are strongly moving in
                         that direction. As was also mentioned earlier, we are also applying and trying to secure in the
                         main company, the holding company, a payment aggregator license from the RBI. So this is, for
                         us, a very strong vertical that we are looking at. And what we are passing through is normal
                         growth banks that we would have and challenges in the initial stages of growth, but this is going
                         to become a very strong part of our foundation in the time ahead.


Ankit Kanodia:           Thank you so much sir. And all the best for the future and I will come back to the queue, if I
                         have more questions.


Moderator:               Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Harshit from Robo Capital. Please
                         go ahead.


Harshit:                 On a consolidated basis, what is the revenue and EBITDA outlook do we have for FY27 and
                         '28?


Muthuraman:              For FY -- see we have not put out a specific guidance, but like I think we had mentioned in the
                         last earnings call also, our objective is to reach then 5 billion in revenue and 11% to 12% in PAT
                         margins for FY27 and longer-term growth in PAT should be in the mid-teens is what we expect.


Harshit:                 Okay. And so how much losses have we incurred in our fintech subsidiary Acemoney and also
                         the Radiant valuable logistics business in FY26? And what can be the revenue PAT outlook for
                         FY28?


Muthuraman:              So RVL had 60 million in losses in FY26 and Acemoney anyways as in it is clear it's about 100
                         million -- INR10 crores of losses in FY26. PAT level losses in FY26. What is the next question?

                                                  Page 6 of 15

[[PAGE 8 / 16]]
                                                               Radiant Cash Management Services Limited
                                                                                         June 02, 2026

Harshit:      Sir, what can be the revenue and PAT outlook for both the businesses in FY28?


Muthuraman:   For the subsidiaries or for the consolidated group.


Harshit:      For these subsidiaries?


Muthuraman:   For the subsidiaries again, our immediate goal is to turn both of them PAT positive in the current
              financial year, hopefully, in the first half itself for both of them.


Harshit:      But do we have any target as in what kind of revenues can be achieved from them let's say in
              two years down the line?


Muthuraman:   See, the market opportunities are fairly large. I in this business can -- the subsidiary -- Aceware
              business can grow to INR50 crores to INR75 crores in revenues in the time line that you
              indicated.


Harshit:      Okay. And we used INR60 crores of PAT -- so what things have to fall in the similar -- like
              similar PAT to, let's say, INR60 crores?


Muthuraman:   Yes. This -- like as CFO indicated, these are the three key imperatives: turn both the RVL and
              Acemoney profitable. And the core business growth, if we are able to achieve 12%, 14% growth,
              we should be able to reach that.


Harshit:      Okay, sir. And then my last question is regarding -- if I see Q4 FY26 results, so we have done
              an EBITDA of 8.5%. So this is our lowest EBITDA since the last 12 quarters. So where do we
              see it stay what how can we expect for next quarter? What is the outlook over there?


Muthuraman:   Stand-alone or consolidated you're talking of?


Harshit:      Consolidated basis.


Muthuraman:   The consolidated basis had this one exceptional item. -- which moved below EBITDA. And 1 -
              - and the subsidiary level losses, as I indicated, that will be -- we are working towards turning
              that around. So consolidated levels as an immediate target would be to reach about 15% plus.


Moderator:    We will take our next question from the line of Love Gupta from Counter Cyclical Investments.


Love Gupta:   So firstly, I wanted to understand what was the quantum of the business that we lost due to a
              loss of these customers? And what sort of growth rate can we expect for FY27 and customer
              additions that we can expect next year?


Muthuraman:   Yes. The railways loss of revenues were on an annualized basis, roughly about INR9 crores,
              INR10 crores. And the e-comm segment is about INR4 crores.


Love Gupta:   Okay. And secondly, if you could help me understand the road map to profitability for our
              valuable logistics business and fintech subsidiary?



                                        Page 7 of 15

[[PAGE 9 / 16]]
                                                                      Radiant Cash Management Services Limited
                                                                                                June 02, 2026

Alexander David :      Yes. So valuable logistics, we have made a lot of efforts now in our sales. We have a very
                       experienced sales team, and we have been approaching a lot of major corporate customers, and
                       we've been seeing a lot of positive responses over there. So like almost 3 or 4 very, very large
                       names in the jewelry sector within the last stages of empanelment as we speak.


                       So our strategy is very simple. Once we start working with these corporate giants because they
                       work with almost everybody in the jewelry industry. Even our name is going to spread very,
                       very positively in the market. And we're very, very confident that this year, we should be able
                       to achieve breakeven and turn this business around.


                       They have a very strong team in place who now understands how this business works, and we're
                       working it -- we're working in a model in a very conservative manner. And we're very confident
                       that this will be turning around. On the Acemoney front.


Muthuraman:            On the Acemoney front, like colonel mentioned, our key strength is a strong presence in the rural
                       areas. We are working with a couple of small finance banks, a few NBFCs and even few old
                       private sector banks. To help roll out their QR codes, their phone boxes, their POS machines in
                       the inter labs. And so we're fairly confident that the road plants, the ambitious solo clients that
                       we have, working with these reputed banks and NBFCs, we should be able to achieve these
                       numbers. Already three are already signed up two small finance banks and NBFCs already
                       signed up.


Love Gupta:            Okay. So FY27, you said the businesses will achieve breakeven. So, going forward after
                       breakeven, what sort of operating margins can we expect to generate from these businesses?


Muthuraman:            Yes. See, the -- based on the -- in the case of RVL, it's again an operating leverage business. So
                       there is no steady number that they can put -- but we aim to work towards about 20% EBITDA
                       margin reaching 30% EBITDA margin on a steady-state basis. In Acemoney, it is a little more
                       tricky because the transaction volumes are a healthy margin business. whereas the onetime
                       revenue of rollout is slightly lower margins. At a combined level, it should be definitely in
                       double digits.


Moderator:             Next question is from the line of Amit Mehendale from RoboCapital.


Amit Mehendale         Sir, my first question is on the cash, like how much cash are we holding currently? And does it
                       include any customer cash or is it all company corporate cash?


T.V. Venkataramanan:   We have got about INR100 crores of cash in our books, our own cash. Out of the free cash is
                       about INR60 crores as of March '26. In addition to the customer, which is for the CMS business,
                       which gets rolled out within every 48 hours.


Amit Mehendale         Right, sir. And on the core business, how do you see growth? I just -- I don't know if I missed
                       the comment. For the core business, like FY27, how do you see -- what type of growth do you
                       see?




                                                Page 8 of 15

[[PAGE 10 / 16]]
                                                                  Radiant Cash Management Services Limited
                                                                                            June 02, 2026

Muthuraman:        Yes. Like I said, we are working towards a mid-teen kind of growth rates in revenue.


Amit Mehendale     Okay, sir. because I was looking at the touch points, and I don't see that type of growth in the
                   touch points in your presentation. Typically, the touch point should increase in tandem.


Muthuraman:        Ideally, yes. But because of the large loss of three regions in railways, it skewed that picture.
                   We see the quarter -- this quarter, we added about 2,100 points. But overall, for the year, there
                   is a slight drop in the overall number of touch points between last year and this year. And yes,
                   over a longer period of time, you will see a fair degree of correlation between the number of
                   touch points and the revenue growth.


Amit Mehendale     Perfect. So I mean the plan to add touch point stays as it is right?

Muthuraman:        Yes, 100%. Yes. Yes.


Amit Mehendale     Sir. And my last question is on the RVL business, the valuable business like the customers that
                   we have pitched currently, right? What type of change management they have to do, like we are
                   a pitching for cash management. So what is the customer doing currently?

Alexander David:   Well, a lot of the major corporate Jewellers Are working through the banks. And we are also
                   providing them services as end customers. It comes to the other segments in the jewelry business,
                   let's say, wholesalers. A lot of them are doing it on their own. But the good thing is our RVL
                   sales teams, we have also kind of made them well-versed with our products in the CMS business
                   as well.


                   So as and when they are approaching for sales, they're also pitching the CMS business as well.
                   And we already had some success there, almost 5 to 6 customers we've added for the RCMS
                   side as well. So cross-selling is also happening on the ground for both the verticals.


Amit Mehendale     Right. But I mean, for the large type of jewelry contracts that we were talking about, that may
                   be is it tough to track because the banks will have more entrenched relationships with those
                   corporates because banks will provide -- there is other services apart from cash management, is
                   my understanding correct?


Alexander David:   Yes. we are very careful to not antagonise the banks. So, when it comes to large corporates, we
                   usually don't pitch the CMS business, especially if we're already working with them through the
                   banks. But we are mainly only targeting those customers where there is a potential for a direct
                   customer acquisition.


Amit Mehendale:    Okay. Understood.


Muthuraman:        And just to add, even if the banks offer retail cash management services, there are 37 banks that
                   offer these services, but there are only two nationwide service providers. So anyway the business
                   comes to us.


Amit Mehendale:    Okay. Got it. Thank you.


                                            Page 9 of 15

[[PAGE 11 / 16]]
                                                                  Radiant Cash Management Services Limited
                                                                                            June 02, 2026

Moderator:         Thank you. Next question is from the line of Abhishek Chawla an Individual Investor. Please go
                   ahead.


Abhishek Chawla:   Hello. Good morning everyone. So regarding the acemoney collaboration with the banks for
                   rural rollout, could you just expand on the nature of contract you have as it outsourcing or you
                   are collaborating in another way?


Muthuraman:        No, it's not outsourcing. We -- so we do, I mean banks have some small finance banks, they have
                   their own targets for reaching out in the rural areas or unpenetrated markets. So we do a tripartite
                   collaboration with a small finance bank and a payment aggregator and us and since we have the
                   feet on street in the last mile.

                   So we install the machines, install the software and activate those and we get a onetime as well
                   as the continuous transaction revenues. With some NBFCs in their branches, we are facilitating
                   digital transactions and again, providing machines on rent and getting transaction revenues as
                   well.

                   For a few banks, we do some outsourcing as in large private sector banks. We do some bit of
                   outsourcing. But the predominant focus is on the first two small finance banks and NBFCs where
                   we are able to -- where they don't have strong branch presence in these regions particularly the
                   small finance banks, whereas we have a strong network, it's a win-win for both of us.


Abhishek Chawla:   Got it. Is it fair to say that you are the small finance banks or NBFCs are leveraging your digital
                   infrastructure?


Muthuraman:        Our rural feet on seat infrastructure as well as our software and the Fintech solution platform.


Abhishek Chawla:   Got it. And regarding the valuable logistics, when you say reaching breakeven. The way I
                   understand is largely previously as well and we add more clients. We'll add more rooms. So how
                   do you say breakeven. So I'm just trying to understand if we have more clients, I think the losses
                   will continue for a more wide while the top line still goes. So could you clarify on the breakeven
                   target, what you are saying?


Alexander David:   Yes. So we -- what we the mistake which we did earlier as we had kind of opened a lot of lanes
                   without any kind of actual sales to efficiently move goods across those gains. So now we have
                   a very good strategy in place. We have a certain number of lanes, which we are focusing all our
                   sales teams to push business for?


                   And how it works in this business is we have kind of fixed costs, our vehicles, our airway
                   moments. And all we need to do is fill up those containers, those valve boxes to move across
                   those lanes. The more and more we increase volumes across those lanes, the costs kind of
                   remained the same.


                   There's not much incremental cost. And as and when more and more volumes and additional
                   revenue gets getting added on, the cost we get absorbed. And then after that, we are able to turn



                                            Page 10 of 15

[[PAGE 12 / 16]]
                                                                   Radiant Cash Management Services Limited
                                                                                             June 02, 2026

                   those lanes profitable. So we're already seeing some positive development about 25% to 30% of
                   our lanes have already turned around.


                   We are now completely focused on going into the market and filling up the other lanes as well.
                   Also, the good thing is because we have a very strong network in RCMS, we are able to open
                   lanes very, very quickly, but we've been extremely careful totally expand when we are seeing
                   that kind of revenue potential.


Abhishek Chawla:   Got it. So is it fair to say there is a little shift in your strategy. Earlier, you were more focused
                   on opening lanes right now. When you are reaching to the medium marquee brands also you are
                   still offering in those names which are currently operational, instead of offering them when we
                   will open a new range for you?


Alexander David:   That's correct. We first obviously pitched the lanes, which we are very strong in, but in case it's
                   a very major customer and then they have some special requirements, then we're able to maybe
                   do special lanes for them. But also, we give them additional pricing for that as a special pricing.
                   And we also request them to move maximum volume through our existing lanes in case we need
                   to do anything special for them.


Muthuraman:        Yes or our work for a parallel list for instead of 24-hour delivery, 48-hour delivery or 72-hour
                   delivery.


Alexander David:   Yes. We also have frequency. So based on load and consolidation, we don't move them every
                   day. We can move them sometimes twice or thrice a week based on how much of consolidation
                   we have. That's how we have structured the whole business.


Abhishek Chawla:   That's good to know because it was a new vertical for you all and now you are optimizing it.
                   Like that is what I understand. And lastly, I just wanted to know some like in this whole call,
                   earlier the cash van was a very big focus like where is it standing as of now? Could you just
                   throw some light on that?


Muthuraman:        Yes. So that continues to be a focus. Like we announced earlier, we've got a large contract for
                   rolling out of dedicated cash vans. And two, three more large contracts are in pipeline in
                   discussions. So that will continue to drive our growth. So these cash van operations the share of
                   cash and operations has been steadily increasing, as you can see in our investor presentation we
                   have highlighted that. It's about 12% today. Cash on operations are about 12% of our revenues.


Moderator:         Mr. Chawla, you want to ask more questions?


Abhishek Chawla:   No. That's all from my end. Thank you.


Moderator:         Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Sundeep Samanta an Individual
                   Investor. Please go ahead. As there is no response from the current participants we will take the
                   next question from the line of Dilip Kumar Sahu, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead.




                                           Page 11 of 15

[[PAGE 13 / 16]]
                                                                         Radiant Cash Management Services Limited
                                                                                                   June 02, 2026

Dilip Kumar Sahu:        My question was on the core business. We had picked up a large project order from an existing
                         customer. Has that rollout started? Can we expect it to completely reflect in Q1 onwards?


Muthuraman:              Yes. Rollout has started from first April onwards.


Dilip Kumar Sahu:        So the core -- that's the order itself should have added around 3% to 4% on this year's top line.
                         On the core business, -- so is it fair to say that the core business will grow double digit outside
                         that order? And the question is mostly do we, I mean, there's been a lot of inflationary costs in
                         the last two quarters, particularly in both in wages as well as and fuel, do we have a way to
                         reflect that in the current years revenue?


Col David Devasahayam:   Yes. This is a good question. Actually, we are all -- the fuel crisis and the consequent cost of
                         fuel. And as a consequence, you must have read it the newspapers, our cash logistics association
                         or the currency cycle association has jointly now approached all our banks to relook at how best
                         they can accommodate this and help us with this fuel charges which have gone up. And so that
                         process of discussion has commenced.

                         So, we look forward to some positive outcome from that, which will help us in managing these
                         additional charges, which would obviously have an impact on the overall operational
                         expenditure.


Dilip Kumar Sahu:        Sure, sure. So, assuming that we have a favourable outcome of this whole exercise, where do
                         you think we will end up? And, the core -- I'm not talking about the subsidiary losses, I
                         understand that they are unpredictable. And while we are all optimistic, it may or may not
                         happen. But our core business itself has suffered a lot.


                         And listening to your other peers, they are taking very surgical measures to cut down on cost,
                         and that is reflecting already into their results. So when will our core operations so healthy
                         profitability?


Col David Devasahayam:   We are very serious with this issue. And as we mentioned, this is something that has been
                         universally looked at by our industry. And we are quite positive that it will have a resultant
                         positive impact right from the first half of the financial year.


Dilip Kumar Sahu:        Sure. This is regarding the exceptional item, that is reflecting in the consolidated numbers. Now
                         if we take out the exceptional item also, there is some RBI had mandated certain deployments
                         and some incentives. Now what would be the total impact of such kind of 1-odd events like the
                         deployment of POS till December as well as now the unfortunate thing. What is the net impact
                         of this onetime event? Can we quantify that on the subsidiaries?


T.V. Venkataramanan:     No, no. Impact of this exceptional item on subsidiary is about 31 million.


Dilip Kumar Sahu:        Yes, that's the in -- The POS deployment we did last year, I mean last financial year, that's not a
                         repeatable event, right? I mean, the RBI incentives are already withdrawn on the POS
                         deployment, isn't it?



                                                 Page 12 of 15

[[PAGE 14 / 16]]
                                                                    Radiant Cash Management Services Limited
                                                                                              June 02, 2026

Muthuraman:         Yes, so the PIDF subsidy ended in December. But like I said, since the subsidy was available
                    and was to be expired, a significant management focus was on that particular area for the last
                    two quarters, that is Q2 and Q3 of last year. Since then, as in we have been working for in
                    utilizing our rural network strength and kind of with, as I said, the 2 small finance banks and this
                    thing. So, we are no longer dependent on the PIDF to grow our business.


                    we have ambitious growth plans for the current year and definitely try to achieve breakeven
                    within the first 2 quarters in that business. There is a large business opportunity available for us
                    to tap into. One, capitalizing on our existing 1.5 lakh plus POS machines in terms of transaction
                    revenues to deploy more equipment like soundboxes and QR code in these and newer outlets, as
                    well as deployment of larger machines through these small finance banks.


Dilip Kumar Sahu:   And you are saying that despite the withdrawal of the incentive, it will be remunerative to deploy
                    those POS and soundboxes in the two years?


Muthuraman:         Yes, yes, yes.

Moderator:          Thank you. Next question is from the line of Chandramouli Jagannathan Individual Investor.
                    Please go ahead.


C. Jagannathan:     Hello, sir. When it comes to our consolidated numbers, I can see that the turnover when it comes
                    from the consolidated, I mean, the sum of the profits reached only about INR70 lakhs in the last
                    quarter. So, is there anything that I am missing or the transaction revenue alone is only INR70
                    lakhs? Otherwise, if I look at the cost, even a fixed cost employee and the other expenses is
                    roughly about INR6 crores on a quarterly basis, apart from the depreciation. To achieve
                    breakeven, I think we have to achieve INR6 crores to INR7 crores run rate on a quarterly basis.
                    Correct, me if I'm wrong.


Muthutaman:         Yes. So, to achieve breakeven, it will be slightly less. Then we will be probably at about INR4.5
                    crores per quarter is what the breakeven revenues will be. The numbers you said are right. About
                    a crore, a little less than a crore is the standalone revenue for the subsidiary for Q4. that was the
                    transition period. But as I mentioned, we have already signed up with the small finance banks
                    and an NBFC and the numbers are much stronger in -- expect the numbers to be much stronger
                    in the first quarter this year.


C. Jagannathan:     Without even considering the POA sales mission and things like that, that -- I think it got over
                    in the last December itself.


Muthuraman:         No, no. See the -- only the subsidy got over, but we have -- still have -- the banks have their own
                    mandate to roll out machines. Their own small finance banks are hungry for growth in specific
                    geographies where they would want to grow. So, we are helping roll out of that our machines,
                    our software and for on behalf of the small finance banks. And also, through NBFCs, we are
                    rolling out. So, there is a demand for this equipment in hinterland specific geographies where
                    we have a strong rural presence.




                                              Page 13 of 15

[[PAGE 15 / 16]]
                                                                          Radiant Cash Management Services Limited
                                                                                                    June 02, 2026

C. Jagannathan:          Which means this INR70 lakhs is the whole transaction revenue or is even this also part of
                         some…


Muthuraman:              No, no, that is the transaction. There is no material cost in that.


C. Jagannathan:          Which means it is likely to grow only from this level?


Muthuraman:              For sure.


C. Jagannathan:          And about the onetime fraud which has happened, how is it shaping did we get back that money
                         or it is kind of out?


Col David Devasahayam:   Well, the investigations have identified the culprit and some of them have been taken into
                         custody now. And it is the specific geography of Assam where this has happened. But the most
                         important culprit is still at large, and we are in the process of trying to -- the police is in the
                         process of trying to take them into custody. Once that happens, then we'll have a sense of how
                         much recovery is possible from this incident. So, at this point, I wouldn't like to comment as to
                         what is likely to be the result of that the entire process.

Muthuraman:              But as a prudent measure, we have provided the full amount. The full amount has been provided
                         in the books.


Moderator:               Thank you. Next question is from the line of Amit Mehendale from Robo Capital. Please go
                         ahead.


Amit Mehendale:          Sir, the subsidiary breakeven that we are contemplating, are we targeting that in H1 or H2?


Muthuraman:              Sorry, can you just repeat?


Amit Mehendale:          Both subsidiaries that we expect to breakeven, will it happen in the first half of the year or it will
                         take in the second half?


Muthuraman:              Yes, our target is to reach breakeven in the first half for both.


Moderator:               Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question for today. I now hand
                         the conference back to the management for closing comments.


David Devasahayam:       Well, thank you very much. I'd like to thank all the shareholders for their active participation
                         and the good questions that they directed at us. In conclusion, I'd like to say that the performance
                         for the year has been subdued and the management is taking several measures to grow the core
                         business and turn around the performance in the new initiatives that we have taken.


                         With renewed focus on sales initiatives across all the verticals and strident cost reduction
                         measures, we are confident of improving the performance in the current financial year. I want
                         to express my gratitude for your continued support to Radiant. We are confident that our




                                                  Page 14 of 15

[[PAGE 16 / 16]]
                                                           Radiant Cash Management Services Limited
                                                                                     June 02, 2026

             continuous efforts will yield promising results for all stakeholders. Thank you all for your time
             and your continuing interest in our company. Thank you very much.


Moderator:   Thank you, sir. On behalf of Antique Stock Broking Limited, that concludes this conference.
             Thank you all for joining us today, and you may now disconnect your lines.




                  *******************************************




                                    Page 15 of 15

