[[PAGE 1 / 16]]
RADIANTCMS/Q1-EarningsCall/Transcript/SE/2026-27
Date: 24.08.2026

       To                                         To
       Listing Department,                        Department of Corporate Services,
       National Stock Exchange of India Limited   BSE Limited
       C-1, G-Block, Bandra - Kurla Complex       Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal
       Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051               Street,
                                                  Mumbai – 400 001

                       Scrip Code: 543732, Scrip Symbol: RADIANTCMS
                                      ISIN: INE855R01021

Sub: Transcript for the Earnings Conference Call on the Un-audited Standalone and
Consolidated Financial Results for the Quarter ended June 30, 2026, held on August 18, 2026

Dear Ma’am/Sir(s),

Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46(2) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the “Transcript for the Earnings
Conference Call” on Un-audited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results for the Quarter
ended June 30, 2026, held on August 18, 2026 for your information and records.

Kindly take the above details on record.

Thanking you,

Yours faithfully,
For RADIANT CASH MANAGEMENT SERVICES LIMITED
Nithin        Digitally signed
              by Nithin Tom

Tom           Date: 2026.08.24
              16:07:13 +05'30'
Nithin Tom
Company Secretary
A53056

[[PAGE 2 / 16]]
“Radiant Cash Management Services Limited Q1 FY27
             Earnings Conference Call”

                    August 18, 2026




MANAGEMENT: MR. ALEXANDER DAVID – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR,
            MR. T.V. VENKATARAMANAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL
            OFFICER,
            MR. MUTHURAMAN NATARAJAN – DIRECTOR
            (ADVISOR) STRATEGY & INVESTOR RELATIONS,
MODERATOR: MR. RAJU BARNAWAL – ANTIQUE STOCK BROKING




                        Page 1 of 15

[[PAGE 3 / 16]]
                                                            Radiant Cash Management Services Limited
                                                                                    August 18, 2026


Moderator:         Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Radiant Cash Management Q1 FY27 Earnings
                   Conference Call.


                   As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an
                   opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance
                   during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone
                   phone.


                   Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Raju
                   Barnawal from Antique Stock Broking Limited. Thank you and over to you Mr. Barnawal.


Raju Barnawal:     Thank you. Good morning and welcome everyone to Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call of
                   Radiant Cash Management.


                   Today we have with us the Management Team of Radiant Cash Management represented by Mr.
                   Alexander David – Whole-Time Director, Mr. Venkataramanan – CFO, and Mr. Muthuraman –
                   Head (Strategy) and IR. With this, I hand over the call to Mr. Alexander for his opening remarks,
                   post which we will start the Q&A session.


                   Thank you and over to you, sir.


Alexander David:   Thank you, Raju. Good morning, everyone. Unfortunately, our CMD is today a little unwell so
                   I would be representing him today on today’s call. Thank you for joining us today for Radiant’s
                   Investor Call.


                   The standalone revenues for the quarter grew by 7% over the same quarter previous year. This
                   growth was driven by commencement of a recent large mandate with IDBI Bank.


                   We also had healthy growth in revenues from cash van operations. The revenue decline in Ecom
                   Logistics segment has been arrested and the segment reported positive growth in the current
                   quarter. We handled cash volume of Rs. 0.43 trillion during the quarter, a growth of about 2.3%
                   over the same period last year. We had one of the least amounts of gross cash losses in this
                   quarter at Rs. 2 million. We continue to have the lowest cash losses in the industry by a wide
                   margin because of our robust risk management systems.


                   Our standalone EBITDA margins for the quarter Q1 FY27 dropped to 13.5% from 15.9% in the
                   same quarter last year. The drop is on account of increase in our manpower costs, specifically
                   the cost of gunmen in certain regions and increase in minimum wages in few states affected our
                   margins for this quarter.


                   The company has sought significant price revision with all its customers and expects the same
                   to materialize in the current quarter. The improvement in profitability of co-business hinges on




                                           Page 2 of 15

[[PAGE 4 / 16]]
                                                                  Radiant Cash Management Services Limited
                                                                                          August 18, 2026

                        three critical aspects, business growth, price revision, and cost optimization. We have added
                        experienced resources from the industry to drive our business growth, both from banks as well
                        as direct clients.


                        The recent initiatives taken at our industry level is expected to help in price revisions as well as
                        abating the intensity of competition. Cost optimization is an ongoing exercise. We are
                        increasingly using technology for cost reductions and expect to see the impact in the coming
                        quarters.


                        Radiant Valuable Logistics has shown very good traction with revenues reaching Rs. 22 million
                        for the quarter. Induction of senior resources from the valuable logistics industry and signing up
                        of new marquee national chains has helped improve revenues at a brisk pace and the
                        management is confident of reaching breakeven in the current quarter.


                        Consolidated Financial Performance:


                        The overall consolidated PAT has dropped to Rs. 52 million in Q1 FY27 from Rs. 57 million in
                        the same quarter last year, as the Fintech subsidiary reduced its losses in this quarter.


                        The subsidiary is currently scaling up its Soundbox and QR code deployments with several rural
                        and urban banks and improving its transaction revenues on installs based on POS machines.


                        The team is confident of turning EBITDA positive in the current quarter and contributes
                        meaningfully to the overall profitability of the company in the full year. Mr. Muthuraman will
                        provide more details on Ace Money’s performance and future plans.


                        We remain committed to provide transparent updates on our progress and answering any
                        questions you may have.


                        I would now request Mr. Muthuraman to speak about the performance of Acemoney, followed
                        by Mr. Venkataramanan to speak about the financial performance and KPIs.


Muthuraman Natarajan:   Thanks Alex. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining this earnings call.


                        I would be presenting the update on Radiant Acemoney, our Fintech subsidiary.


                        As we had mentioned in our last call, PIDF subsidy was discontinued in December 2025, after
                        which the focus of Radiant Acemoney has been to improve its transaction revenues from the
                        installed base of POS machines and business correspondence from among this network. Radiant
                        Acemoney has also increased its thrust on deployment of Soundbox and QR codes for rural and
                        urban banks, which has gained significant traction.




                                                 Page 3 of 15

[[PAGE 5 / 16]]
                                                                Radiant Cash Management Services Limited
                                                                                        August 18, 2026

                       Radiant Acemoney currently provides Soundbox both on outright and rental models and has a
                       target to deploy over 50,000 Soundboxes in the current financial year. Besides transaction
                       revenue and Soundbox deployment, Radiant Acemoney has diversified its revenue base to
                       include establishing a corporate BC network for banks, providing white-label UPI solutions, and
                       extending its Fintech software solutions for smaller banks and NBFCs. Initial traction has
                       already been achieved for each of these businesses in Q1 FY27 and the management is confident
                       of scaling them up in the current financial year.


                       Currently, we have a network of over 20,000 BCs, cumulatively deployed over 58,000
                       Soundboxes so far, and facilitated a transaction volume of Rs. 170 crores in Q1 FY27. We will
                       continue to provide regular updates on the progress of Acemoney to our investors as we scale
                       greater heights in the coming months.


                       I would now request our CFO – Mr. Venkataramanan, to present our financial performance.


T.V. Venkataramanan:   Thank you, Mr. Muthuraman. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us on this investor
                       call today.


                       I will present the company's key performance indicators and financial performance for the
                       quarter ended 30 June 2026.


                       The retail cash management business grew at 5.5% during this quarter over same period last
                       year, with the growth coming mainly from the IDBI mandate that commenced in this quarter.


                       In terms of sectors, BFSI and Organized Retail grew at a healthy pace while Railways, Petroleum
                       and E-Commerce segments witnessed sluggish growth in this quarter.


                       In this quarter, we handled Rs. 0.43 trillion of cash, a growth of about 2.2% over the same period
                       last year. Direct clients accounted for 18.4% of our revenues for this quarter, up from 14.3% in
                       the same period last year.


                       Our gross cash losses for this quarter stood at Rs. 2.06 million, or 0.0005% of the total cash
                       handled during the year. This is one of our lowest cash losses in a quarter since we went public
                       in 2023, and also the best performance in the industry, a reflection of our strong focus on risk
                       management and ex-servicemen culture in our company.


                       Radiant Valuable Logistics reported revenues of Rs. 22.1 million, reporting sequential growth
                       of 24% in Q1FY27 over Q4FY26, and is well on its way to achieve positive EBITDA in the
                       current financial year.


                       Coming to the financial performance:




                                                 Page 4 of 15

[[PAGE 6 / 16]]
                                                                 Radiant Cash Management Services Limited
                                                                                         August 18, 2026

                        Consolidated revenues for the quarter were Rs. 1.08 billion, representing 5.8% growth over the
                        same period last year. Standalone revenue growth was 7.05%. The standalone EBITDA margin
                        for the quarter was 13.5%, as against 15% in the previous quarter, despite reduced losses in
                        Radiant Valuable Logistics.


                        Key reasons for this margin reduction were a sharp increase in manpower-related costs, namely
                        employee costs, driver and gunman costs, and service charge expenses towards cash executives.
                        A sharp increase in minimum wages and a shortage of licensed gunmen in several southern states
                        was driving higher manpower costs.


                        The company has taken up with all its customers for price revisions and expects the same to
                        materialize in the current quarter. The consolidated EBITDA margin for the quarter improved
                        marginally to 11.01% from 10.7% in the previous quarter due to narrowing down losses in
                        Radiant Acemoney. The working capital management continued to remain excellent, with
                        debtors reducing to 65 days’ revenue in June 26, down from 70 days’ revenue in March 2026.


                        Cash balance continues to be healthy at Rs 2.1 billion as on 30 June 26, of which free cash flow
                        is Rs 644 million. For the remaining quarter of FY27, the management expects Aceware and
                        Radiant Valuable Logistics to turn profitable, improving EBITDA margins on the back of price
                        revisions from customers and higher growth revenue of the core business. The management is
                        actively working towards meeting each of these milestones and confident that the same will
                        reflect in the financial performance in the coming quarters.


                        Now I hand over the floor for questions and answers.


Moderator:              The first question comes on the line of Vinit Sahu, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead.


Vinit Sahu:             So, Alexander, you talked about three drivers to growth and profitability and two of them, which
                        is business growth and cost reduction. You have been talking for the last six quarters without
                        any real settlement. The third is price hike, which I think is the new one that you talked about.
                        So, my question to you is, you know, price hike, the inflation has been there for five months,
                        right from March onwards. And you are dealing with a bunch of private companies. So, what is
                        taking price hike so long? And what exactly do you mean by business growth? Because your
                        core business itself has grown at 1% or 2%. So, can you just elaborate on this diverse and when,
                        how this is going to get achieved?


Muthuraman Natarajan:   Yes, thanks, Mr. Sahu. So, our contracts are typically long-term contracts with the banks with
                        no specific identified prices, automatic price escalation on an annual basis.


                        That’s how the industry operates. In the past, there has been a steady growth in number of points
                        that they give to us, which will accommodate the cost increases, which happens, inflationary
                        cost increases. Now, in recent times, because of lack of fresh points that banks allocate to us,




                                                Page 5 of 15

[[PAGE 7 / 16]]
                                                         Radiant Cash Management Services Limited
                                                                                 August 18, 2026

              either because of competitive pressures or because of their change in focus, the number of points
              from the banks are not increasing.


              So, that is why our focus is on improving the direct lines. So, that is the reason and
              correspondingly in the same period, obviously, the manpower costs have increased, both
              regulatory as well as market driven. Regulatory in terms of minimum wages in certain states,
              particularly northern states and Karnataka and market driven, particularly for the gunmen costs.


              Because of that, the industry, the Cash Logistics Association as an industry made an appeal to
              Indian Bank Association and advanced levels of discussions have happened. And IBA has
              formed a committee for looking into the price revision and promised to revert within a very short
              period of time. And we are expecting these negotiations to get completed in Q2.


              And the price revision should come through. So, the cost reduction is an ongoing measure. If
              you can see that, in a sense, despite the – well, our volume of cash, if you see over a longer
              period of time, the volume of cash handled remains the same.


              The number of points has increased, which means the cost of servicing those points are higher.
              But we have been able to contain our costs, particularly bank charges and cash executive
              expenses. But own employee costs, because of inflationary nature, has increased at about 8%-
              9% every year, whereas our revenue growth has not been.


              So, cost is fairly in our control, and we have – management has taken conscious measures. Price
              revision I addressed. The revenue top line growth is where we do face challenges.


              Management is conscious. We have hired certain senior resources from the industry now. And
              also increased our focus on direct clients.


              So, today it is about 18%, up from 14%. And we believe our future growth could come largely
              from increasing trust in the direct client’s business. So, as an organization, I think we are infusing
              the sales DNA across the hierarchy, and it is definitely taking longer than what we had
              anticipated in the past.


              And so we are taking measures to address that, and we expect that the current year revenue
              growth should – So, IDBI mandate has helped in this quarter’s growth. But beyond that, we have
              lined up a few large names and direct clients, and we hope that the revenue growth will cross
              double digits in the current year.


Vinit Sahu:   So, you picked up a large deal last year, which would have added on Rs. 4 crores from quarter
              one onwards per quarter. So, if I take that Rs. 4 crores out, our core growth is zero. So, are you
              saying that when you grow by, say, double-digit, let’s say 12% to 14%, it will be outside this
              large deal from the bank that you picked up last year?




                                         Page 6 of 15

[[PAGE 8 / 16]]
                                                                  Radiant Cash Management Services Limited
                                                                                          August 18, 2026

Muthuraman Natarajan:   No. Including this IDBI Bank, we will have double-digit growth is what our expectation is for
                        the current year.


Vinit Sahu:             So, if I look at valuable growth, valuable logistics, and the core, then that means the core business
                        is still growing at the non-IDBI and non-valuable business is still growing at 3-4%, which is less
                        than inflation, isn’t it?


Muthuraman Natarajan:   That’s true. So, the challenge has been that the revenue from some of the banks have been
                        declining. In some instances, the banks have stopped offering this as a service to their customers.


                        And in other instances, for smaller value points, alternate mechanisms, which are not entirely
                        legally approved, routes are being adopted by the industry. So, we do face the long tail of smaller
                        points moving out of the entire industry of retail cash management and moving to payments
                        bank. So, that has eroded our revenue.


                        Like, for example, we had highlighted that particular phenomenon in e-commerce logistics
                        segment. Other segments, that impact is not very large. So, yes, because of this, it was a negative
                        growth, which we are compensating through addition of direct Clients.


                        But yes, the addition of direct Clients has not been at the sufficient pace to make up for this loss
                        and still provide for a double-digit growth. We have hired more senior resources from the
                        industry and adjacent industries to help us grow this business. And we expect that current
                        quarter, the remaining quarters of this year will help us reach this target of double-digit growth
                        in the current year.


                        RVL is too small to make an impact. It is still 22 million in a quarter. It is too small to make an
                        impact.


Vinit Sahu:             Yes, I understand. But RVL has gone from zero to, say, Rs. 8 crores in a year over the last two
                        years. So, that’s like, if I take that also out, then the core business is actually negative, despite
                        inflation.


Muthuraman Natarajan:   No, not negative. Rs. 8 crores on Rs. 430 crores is smaller than it’s 2%.


Vinit Sahu:             Sir, the next question is regarding acemoney. So, they hardly had any revenue. I think a very
                        minor one. And the cost is again coming to around Rs. 8 crores to Rs. 10 crores per year. So,
                        one is, of course, you are saying they will break even, which is fine. But what exactly is the big
                        picture here? I mean, it looks too insignificant. It is a drag on our profitability. It is not really
                        looking strategic to me. If you look at the outside radiant, inside radiant maybe it is, but you
                        look at the big picture. So, can you just explain a bit on iAcemoney, what exactly is the big deal?


Muthuraman Natarajan:   Yes. Okay. So, the original intent with which we did the acquisition got distracted because of
                        the opportunity of the PIDF subsidy, which came through till December ‘25. The management




                                                    Page 7 of 15

[[PAGE 9 / 16]]
                                                                 Radiant Cash Management Services Limited
                                                                                         August 18, 2026

                       has gone back to the core business of expanding its network of business correspondents. So, if
                       today we have 20,000 business correspondents, but the location where they are and the scale of
                       economies, we are not yet able to fully leverage that network on the, of our core business. We
                       have cumulatively probably lost about Rs. 30 crores of annual revenue to Payments Bank or
                       slightly more than that.


                       Our expectation is that with the establishment of a busy network by Radiant AceMoney, we can
                       provide the same services which we lost to Payments Bank business. That is one part of the
                       story. The other part is on its own, the QR code deployment and Soundbox deployment has huge
                       potential and we are able to sign up with several banks and the order pipeline for the current
                       quarter and the next quarter are fairly healthy.


                       So, that is giving us the confidence that the business will achieve break-even in the near term.
                       So, longer term objective is that Acemoney should be able to provide half of its time to fulfilling
                       the requirements of Radiant Cash Management and the balance half will be to expand its own
                       network of bringing, providing digital banking solutions to those who have come into the
                       banking system, but not yet into the digital banking system. So, this is through smaller banks,
                       urban and rural banks, etc., where the bank accounts are open, but none of them have digital
                       banking facilities. So, that is, these are the two twin objectives over the long term for Acemoney.


Alexander David:       Just to add to Mr. Muthuraman, what Mr. Muthuraman said Alex here, is the whole strategy
                       behind Acemoney was, we want to, our biggest today asset as a company today is, we have a
                       network. Today we have spread over 15,000 pin codes. That is a very difficult thing to achieve
                       and which we have achieved over 21 years. And today as everybody knows, digitization has had
                       a small impact on us, especially in tier one locations. So, when we acquired Acemoney, the
                       whole strategy was to use this network to enable them and to kind of show ourselves as a Phygital
                       company. You know, we can use our network, use the fintech services to provide digital banking,
                       to also then combat these BC operators, the payment banks, to use the fintech to help us also get
                       into that segment as well. So, and to arrest where we have been losing the business, let’s say in
                       e-com logistics. You might have seen that has now got arrested and that’s steadily growing. So,
                       that was the whole strategy behind Acemoney. It’s still quite nascent, but we truly believe it is
                       a sunrise industry and over time we will be able to see a lot of benefit from it.


Moderator:             Thank you. Next question comes on the line of Ankit Kanodia with Zen Nivesh. Please go ahead.


Ankit Kanodia:         Yes. Hi, sir. Thank you so much for taking my question. So, my first question is related to the
                       payment aggregator license, which we have been trying for some time now. Any updates or any
                       clarity on how it is progressing and by when we can expect that to start taking in?


T.V. Venkataramanan:   This is Venkat here. See, the revised payment aggregator licence application is yet to be filed.
                       RBI has asked for certain clarifications and queries on this about two months back.




                                                  Page 8 of 15

[[PAGE 10 / 16]]
                                                                    Radiant Cash Management Services Limited
                                                                                            August 18, 2026

                        We will be resubmitting the application maybe by the end of this month or in the first week of
                        September. Once that is submitted, we expect the application, we expect to get the application
                        in hand by early next year, by January or February 27. And we should be, once it comes, we are
                        geared to start the, our plan is to start the business at least in the next financial year because the
                        application takes about four to five months’ time from RBI.


Ankit Kanodia:          That was very helpful, sir. Sir, related to this only, given our synergy with this payment
                        aggregator license and our Acemoney subsidiary, do we expect any benefit from MDR to help
                        us sometime in the future when we start taking in this payment aggregator work?


Muthuraman Natarajan:   See, across the board, if there is an MDR on UPI, it will definitely help both Radiant Acemoney
                        as well as RCMS itself because the unit economics for cash management improves
                        correspondingly. And also, the cash volume today, 170 crores of transactions we have done, our
                        yield on that will definitely improve. But still, it is a debatable point at what point of time the
                        government will, if at all, introduce MDR on UPI transactions. So, we will know the, once we
                        know when it is being implemented and the quantum, I will be able to tell you the exact impact.
                        But overall, if it gets introduced, it is definitely positive for both Acemoney as well as for Radiant
                        cash management.


Ankit Kanodia:          Got it, got it. So, the way the government is talking about, it will be implemented only in the top
                        6% of UPI transactions, which is more than Rs. 2000 and where the merchant is having, I think,
                        roughly around Rs. 1.5 crores plus revenue in a year. So, do you think in that mode, we will have
                        good leverage here?


Muthuraman Natarajan:   Yes, yes, definitely. I mean, in a sense, this is, I mean, once UPI MDR comes in, this will be
                        seen like more another bulk, I mean, particularly out the retail part, another mode of bulk
                        transaction like in any FD or RTGS, etc. And because of our strong network of, so today we
                        have about, I mean, in a sense, 1,50,000 POS machines, 20,000 BCs. So, through this network,
                        any UPI transaction happens above 2000, that will definitely add to our revenue.


Ankit Kanodia:          Got it. Sir, one last question, if I may. In fact, it is not a question, it is more of an expression and
                        suggestion. Sir, we did a good, declared a good dividend in Q4 FY26. In fact, what I can see
                        from an investor’s angle, don’t you think it would have been better or even now, it would be
                        better if we announced a buyback, because our cash flow situation is still healthy. And by doing
                        a buyback, we give a signal to the market that promoters and management is finding value at
                        this price. So, any color on that? Or any comment on that?


Muthuraman Natarajan:   We will give a serious thought, Ankit, as in we have received similar feedback from the other
                        market participants as well. We will give it a serious thought and bring it up for discussion at
                        the board, in the coming board meeting.


Ankit Kanodia:          Thank you so much, sir, and all the best.




                                                  Page 9 of 15

[[PAGE 11 / 16]]
                                                                     Radiant Cash Management Services Limited
                                                                                             August 18, 2026

Moderator:              Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Ramesh with SJ Investments. Please go ahead.
                        The line of Mr. Ramesh has gone on hold. I will promote the next. The next question comes
                        from the line of Khush Shah with Vivo Commercial. Please go ahead.


Khush Shah:             So, my question is related to the polymer side, where there has been news around that there is a
                        new rollout of polymer sheets for the Rs. 10 or Rs. 20 note. So, I just want to understand, as you
                        are in the cash logistics business for years, and what’s your view that when will be the inflection
                        point of the polymer notes would be there in the market? Because if I assume that after the
                        demonetization, there has been a lot of cash in the market. So, by this, the new polymer sheet,
                        how it will just affect our business, more positive, negative, if you can share your views of this
                        polymer sheet?


Muthuraman Natarajan:   Yes. See, in the retail cash management business, we are largely in the reverse cash logistics,
                        where we pick up cash from the retail outlets to bring it. Whether it is coins or polymer notes or
                        paper notes, it doesn’t make any difference to our process or to our cost.


                        At the CIT, that is cash in transit operations business, there could be an opportunity, like when
                        we had at the time of demonetization, to replace the paper notes with polymer notes, we will
                        definitely get more opportunity. So, that could be probably a one-time business bump because
                        of this transition, as and when it happens. At this point of time, we do not know clarity on when
                        the government plans to introduce the polymer notes. But the core business is indifferent to the
                        nature of that currency.


Khush Shah:             Got it, understood. So, just a ballpark of this news that has been accumulating that any timeline
                        that you would also know that around maybe three years, two years or in coming five years, this
                        polymer sheet could be changed?


Muthuraman Natarajan:   No, sorry, as in we don’t have visibility on when the government plans to introduce. We also
                        read from newspapers just like you do.


Khush Shah:             Okay, sir. Thank you so much. Thank you.


Moderator:              Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Chandramouli Jagannathan, an individual
                        investor. Please go ahead.


C. Jagannathan:         What is the price increase that you are expecting from the bank?


Muthuraman Natarajan:   So, okay, basically our ask is a cumulative price increase because I think last price revision has
                        happened at this level probably in 21, when the new RBI norms were introduced and banks
                        agreed on a price revision. So, last four, five years, there has not been a price revision at the card
                        rate levels. So, we do expect it to be substantial, but it will be very precluding on our part to tell
                        that in a public forum what we are negotiating individually with banks and with the association.
                        But it will be expected to be substantial.



                                                Page 10 of 15

[[PAGE 12 / 16]]
                                                                  Radiant Cash Management Services Limited
                                                                                          August 18, 2026

C. Jagannathan:         When is it expected, sir, likely to be?


Muthuraman Natarajan:   In Q2, we expect to complete the negotiation.


C. Jagannathan:         Effective from April, right?


Muthuraman Natarajan:   Effective from July or effective from September, October.


C. Jagannathan:         And what is the net cash position as of June 26?


T.V. Venkataramanan:    As of June 26, we have three FDs of about Rs. 64 crores.


C. Jagannathan:         Okay, this is the net cash position apart from your debt and things like that?


Muthuraman Natarajan:   Yes, yes. The total gross cash position is about Rs. 318 crores. Of which Rs. 196 crores is cash
                        used in cash management operations. Okay. Some of it is fixed deposits, earmarked as towards
                        bank guarantee, and Rs. 65 crores approximately is the free cash flows, free cash.


C. Jagannathan:         And you are talking about Acemoney the break-even in the next few quarters, but if I really look
                        at it, the top line is only about 70 lakhs which has been added in the quarter maybe in terms of a
                        transaction revenue.


C. Jagannathan:         So, what is the break-even level because I could see the employee cost itself roughly about, I
                        don’t know, 7 to 8 crores per annum. And maybe there could be other costs also.


Muthuraman Natarajan:   No, no. Yes, after PIDF was suspended, we have taken a sharp this thing, I mean, cleanup and
                        reduced the manpower costs as well there. And so currently the manpower is required only to
                        the extent where we are actually deploying the Soundbox and QR codes and for the UPI white
                        label solutions. And FinTech software solutions, anyway, we have a technology team which is
                        doing that. So, the fixed costs have substantially come down. And so that is why, in fact, between
                        Q4 and Q1, there is a narrowing down of losses. And we expect it to narrow down further and
                        break-even in the month of September and for the full quarter will be in Q3.


C. Jagannathan:         So, you said that you have done a transaction value of about Rs. 170 crores Q1. So, how is it
                        shaping up, sir? How is it shaping up? At what value and maybe what is the plan over the years
                        to come?


Muthuraman Natarajan:   Yes, so the immediate next two, three quarters, a big part of our revenues will come from
                        Soundbox deployment. So, we are planning 50,000 Soundboxes to be deployed in the current
                        year. So, the economics is the thing.




                                                Page 11 of 15

[[PAGE 13 / 16]]
                                                                  Radiant Cash Management Services Limited
                                                                                          August 18, 2026

                        We have a network presence where we can do this deployment at economical cost. So, we have
                        already lined up probably, I think, 60%-70% of this is already currently in our order book. So,
                        we don’t see a challenge in doing that.


                        So, that should cover a substantial portion of our fixed costs. And the transaction revenues will
                        take longer to grow steadily. And our team also, it is, our team has to visit these merchant outlets
                        and encourage them to do more transactions on our business, et cetera.


                        So, it will take a slightly longer time to build. And this Soundbox and QR code deployment and
                        FinTech software solutions for smaller banks and NBFCs will be the revenue driver for the
                        remainder of this year. Transaction revenues will be more meaningful in the next financial year
                        is what we think.


C. Jagannathan:         So, you mean to say even out of the 70 lakhs, the major portion comes from the Soundbox?


Muthuraman Natarajan:   Soundbox deployment. That’s right. Yes, Soundbox deployment and white-label UPI solutions.
                        We also have a tie-up with Hitachi for deployment of their ATM, white-label ATM solutions.
                        So, those are the ones which without, these are without much incremental development,
                        incremental costs. So, these will help in reducing our losses.


C. Jagannathan:         Okay. What about the radiant, I mean, the standalone EBITDA that you are expecting this year?
                        Because you are talking about 10% to 12% growth, including that IDBI-1.What is the EBITDA
                        that you are talking about? Of course, this depends on the price increase also, I believe. Yes.


Muthuraman Natarajan:   So, with the factoring in, price increases coming in, we are expecting the full year to end at 17%-
                        18% EBITDA margin for the standalone business.


C. Jagannathan:         Including the price increase? Sorry.


Muthuraman Natarajan:   Yes, after factoring in the price increase.


C. Jagannathan:         So, the top-line growth is also that is inclusive of the price increase that you are talking about?


Muthuraman Natarajan:   See, yes, we have not taken the full impact of price revision because we don’t know the quantum
                        and we don’t know this thing. Our expectation of double-digit growth is largely from the core
                        business growth, points growth and revenue growth, organic.


Moderator:              Thank you. Next question comes on the line of Diya Jain with Sapphire Capital. Please go ahead.


Diya Jain:              Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. So, how do we look at FY28 in terms of growth and
                        margins? Now that Acemoney revenues will start peaking in?




                                                Page 12 of 15

[[PAGE 14 / 16]]
                                                                 Radiant Cash Management Services Limited
                                                                                         August 18, 2026

Muthuraman Natarajan:   Yes. So, the top-line growth should be in mid-teens, 12%-13% growth, and we are hoping to
                        reach at a consolidated level EBITDA margins of about 19%-20%.


Diya Jain:              And do you expect the shortage of arm guards in your state to normalize in the coming quarters?


Muthuraman Natarajan:   No. Shortage in the sense because the prices have gone up. So, with the price revision, if the
                        banks agree to those price revisions that we see, we should be able to meet those demands. And
                        yes, we are working on other alternate options also. Competitive in nature. I cannot put this in
                        public domain. But it’s not going to be a challenge to find manpower. It is only the cost. And
                        the cost will be hopefully taken care of with the price revision.


Diya Jain:              Thanks.


Moderator:              Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Vinit Sahu, an individual investor. Please go
                        ahead.


Vinit Sahu:             So, my question is that the whole industry looks like it is under severe pressure for multiple
                        points. So, can you talk a little bit about how competition and one of the listed participants is
                        also under as much stress as you are. How is the competition behaving? What kind of pricing
                        you are seeing for the last five months under negotiations and etc.?


Muthuraman Natarajan:   As Alex mentioned in his initial speech, we have as an association, we have come together and
                        appealed to the banks for price revision. And as an association, we understand that industry as a
                        whole is going through the pressure. So, we do expect the competition to abate in the coming
                        quarters. But irrespective of that, we are working towards targeting direct clients where there is
                        no limit to whom we can approach. This has been our thesis. 2 crore outlets, retail outlets are
                        there. 50 lakh outlets could avail this service. What we are playing actually is in a very, very
                        narrow niche. And this service can be used by a much, much, much wider variety of retail outlets.


                        So, there, there is no competition. Who reaches first and who is able to convince them to part
                        with their hard-earned cash to us for a deposition is the challenge there. And so longer term, that
                        will be our focus.


                        And in the immediate term, as I said, as an association, we have made a pitch to the banks and
                        the feedback from the banks is also fairly positive. So, we expect that competition should abate
                        and margin should improve across the board.


Vinit Sahu:             Yes, I understand. I was more keen on knowing in the last five months, whether you went for
                        new tenders or re-tenders. What has been the behavior of competitors? I am not too worried
                        about the customer giving you more money, which is okay, fine. But how the competitors, are
                        they kind of aggressively picking up orders or are they working out of some deals?




                                                Page 13 of 15

[[PAGE 15 / 16]]
                                                                  Radiant Cash Management Services Limited
                                                                                          August 18, 2026

Muthuraman Natarajan:   Nothing noticeable change between last year and this year, Mr. Sahu. And the intensity of
                        competition is there. Actually, the industry is a little skewed. We service 42 banks, but
                        practically only three or four players who can service Pan India. So, the balance of this thing
                        should be in favor of the industry rather than in favor of the banks. But yes, as in the sense, each
                        player acts in its own self-interest. And we have not seen too much, we have not lost any large
                        mandate because of pricing in the recent months.


Vinit Sahu:             Coming to valuable logistics, I know you had a couple of ideas when we met last time in
                        February in Chennai. So, how is the implementation of those initiatives? Is that number 8 to 10
                        crores? Will they look substantial in the next two, three years?


Alexander David:        Yes, Mr. Sahu. It is doing well. We have really restructured ourselves. And now we have a good
                        team also in place. Unfortunately, a little bit of volatility had happened because of the war. And
                        even the Prime Minister had kind of told that, you know, to avoid buying gold. So, that has had
                        a major impact today in the industry. The customers have become extremely conservative in
                        movements. But we are seeing that that is slowly changing. And our teams are in the market
                        every day. And as and when the market stabilizes, we should see a lot of positive development
                        in the sector.


Moderator:              Thank you. Next question comes on the line of Gaurav Katyal, an Individual Investor. Please go
                        ahead.


Gaurav Katyal:          I have a simple question. As compared to the data of the last three years from FY23, now we
                        have reduced our EBIDTA margins or operating margins more than 50%, which is around 10-
                        11% only, which was more than 52% max. So, in how much time we can expect the recovery
                        again more than 20%? So, according to a different environment of business and different our
                        subsidiary and valuable logistics and the strategy in the place, like working with banks and
                        everything else. So, how the management can expect the recovery back to +40% margins of
                        operating margins? Can you give some picture on this?


Muthuraman Natarajan:   Yes. So, the overall margins have dropped because of four counts. One is the Acemoney loss,
                        which we expected to reduce and turn positive. RVL losses, which we expect to reduce and turn
                        positive. The manpower increases, the manpower cost increases for which we have filed for, we
                        have sought price revisions. And the most important is the stagnant, as in much lower top-line
                        growth. We are taking serious measures to get industry-experienced persons for driving our
                        business growth. And we are expecting that will help move to double-digit top-line growth. So,
                        with these four, that’s why, based on these, we have given a guidance that we should be able to
                        get to about 19%-20% EBITDA margins in the next financial year.


Gaurav Katyal:          So, our main business, our main core business is regarding cash management. More than 85%
                        business comes from cash management only. So, like you are saying that there is very stagnant
                        growth. So, is there any, do you see any kind of big scope there because of digital money in
                        place and everything, digital payments are going on? So, how the management expects to be



                                                Page 14 of 15

[[PAGE 16 / 16]]
                                                                 Radiant Cash Management Services Limited
                                                                                         August 18, 2026

                        having a very big growth in the coming period? There will be any decline in this field in the
                        coming years? What is your take on this?


Muthuraman Natarajan:   Sir, definitely digital transactions have grown. Simultaneously, cash volumes have also grown.
                        Currency in circulation today is at 42 lakh crores.


                        What our thesis is that we are operating in a very, very narrow niche segments where banks offer
                        this as a service to their customers, only to their select set of customers. As a premium value-
                        added service and in turn outsources that business to us. It need not be a premium value-added
                        service.


                        In fact, our pricing is very competitive and, in fact, extremely low for a merchant compared to a
                        credit card transaction where they may be incurring 150 basis points or 200 basis points as
                        charges. This will be 10, 15, 20 basis points. It is one-tenth of what they incur for their credit
                        card transactions.


                        So, the unit economics is compelling at the retail level. Just that banks are dependent on banks
                        to offer this to more and more clients is not giving us the kind of growth aspirations that we
                        have. So, we are focusing on improving our direct customers and that should help us give this
                        growth projection that we have suggested.


Gaurav Katyal:          Okay. Thank you. And one last question regarding the RBI license. Any update on that?


Muthuraman Natarajan:   Just now, Mr. Venkat briefed. Again, there is a set of queries that RBI has asked which we have
                        engaged a reputed consulting firm to help us draft a response and we will be giving the response
                        by next month and hopefully by early 2027, we will have the license and commence the business
                        set.


Gaurav Katyal:          Okay. Thank you.


Moderator:              Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, we have reached the end of question-
                        and-answer session. I now hand the conference over to the management for closing comments.


Alexander David:        Thank you. The performance of this quarter is muted despite some growth in revenues because
                        of sharp increase in manpower costs for which rate revisions are under negotiation with banks.
                        The new initiatives RVL& Acemoney are steadily improving and will start contributing
                        positively to the bottom line in the second half of this year. I want to express my gratitude for
                        your continued support of Radiant. We are confident that our continuous efforts will yield
                        promising results for all stakeholders. Thank you for your time and your interest in our company.


Moderator:              Thank you. On behalf of Antique Stock Broking, that concludes this conference. Thank you for
                        joining us. You may now disconnect your lines.




                                               Page 15 of 15

