[[PAGE 1 / 11]]
August 12, 2026

National Stock Exchange of India Limited                        BSE Limited
Exchange Plaza                                                  Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla Complex,                             Dalal Street
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051                                       Mumbai-400001
Company Symbol: SIS                                             Company Code: Equity: 540673
                                                                                Debt: 976573
Dear Sir/ Madam,

Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call – Q1 FY27
Ref:      Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
          Regulations, 2015

Please find attached the transcript of the earnings call for Q1 FY27 held on August 6, 2026.
The transcript has been made available on the Company’s website at Earnings call transcript –
Q1 FY26.

Kindly take note of the same.

Thanking you.

Sincerely,

For SIS Limited
PUSHPA Digitally
        by PUSHPA
                 signed

LATHA LATHA    KATKURI
        Date: 2026.08.12
KATKURI 18:01:41 +05'30'
Pushpalatha Katkuri
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer




                                                     SIS Limited
    Address for correspondence: #106, 1st Floor, Ramanashree Arcade, 18 MG Road, Bangalore- 560 001, Karnataka
        Registered office: Annapoorna Bhawan, Patliputra Telephone Exchange Road, Kurji, Patna 800 010 Bihar
                 Website: www.sisindia.com Tel: +91 80 2559 0801 E-mail ID: compliance1@sisindia.com
                                             CIN: L75230BR1985PLC002083

[[PAGE 2 / 11]]
                SIS Limited
       Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call
                    August 06, 2026




MANAGEMENT: MR. RITURAJ SINHA –DEPUTY MANAGING DIRECTOR
            – SIS LIMITED
             MR. BRAJESH KUMAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER –
             SIS LIMITED
             MR. VINEET TOSHNIWAL – PRESIDENT – M&A AND
             INVESTOR RELATIONS – SIS LIMITED
             MR. R S MURALI KRISHNA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE
             OFFICER – SIS INTERNATIONAL – SIS LIMITED




                        Page 1 of 10

[[PAGE 3 / 11]]
                                                                                                       SIS Limited
                                                                                                   August 06, 2026

Moderator:          Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to SIS Limited Q1 FY '27 earnings call. As a
                    reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity
                    for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the
                    conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone.


                    I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vineet Toshniwal, President, M&A and Investor
                    Relations from SIS Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir.


Vineet Toshniwal:   Good afternoon, everyone, and we welcome you to the Q1 FY '27 earnings call; results were
                    uploaded last evening on the exchanges. Hope you had a good look at it.


                    So let me start saying we ended FY '26, you saw, on a very strong financial trajectory. In fact, it
                    was a record revenue of close to INR 16,000 crores, which was a 21% year-on-year jump and
                    an EBITDA of over INR 700 crores, which was 18.7% year-on-year. And we exited the year
                    with an EBITDA run rate of INR 207 crore on a quarter, which was also a record.


                    So further to FY '26, now FY '27, I'm pleased to report, is also off to a very solid start. It's
                    reflecting strong execution across all our business lines and with a continued momentum in both
                    growth and profitability as well.


                    Now Labour Codes have been the talk of town, for last almost 7, 8 months, and it's building up
                    during this quarter. On May 8-9, the rules were finally notified, which we have been eagerly
                    waiting for. And now the implementation is underway. We have always maintained that Labor
                    Codes is a very strong tailwind for SIS. And we were prepared for years for this and that time
                    has come. Our readiness for the change in regulation has ensured that we are at the forefront to
                    benefit from this. Labor codes, as we have always maintained, will ensure level playing field for
                    all service providers. And you will see the impact over the coming 3, 4 quarters that it will be
                    accretive both at the EBITDA and PAT levels as efforts are underway at multiple fronts in terms
                    of contract negotiations, etc.


                    Now part 2, as you all know, we are a very strong cash flow generative company, very strong
                    FCF. And over the last 6, 7 years, we have clearly established a track record of returning capital
                    in some form or the other, either it is dividend or buyback or ideally both in some mix. And thus,
                    we established a consistent yield track record for all the investors. So, during this quarter,
                    continuing from our past track record, the Board has approved the fifth buyback this time. Now
                    what's unique about this buyback, as you know, so far, we've been only going through the tender
                    route. But as you all know that SEBI, again, after a very, very long gap, has reopened the open
                    market window. So, SIS is probably one of the first few companies to tap into this opportunity,
                    the window that has opened. We are going ahead with an open market program, and the buyback
                    is approved for INR 106 crore and maximum price that has been sanctioned is INR 478.50,
                    implying a decent premium on the current trading price; Our buyback is scheduled to open
                    sometime next week. So once this program concludes, we would have cumulatively returned
                    over INR 700 crore to the shareholders, thus keeping up with our track record of consistent
                    capital return.




                                             Page 2 of 10

[[PAGE 4 / 11]]
                                                                                                       SIS Limited
                                                                                                   August 06, 2026

                     Now coming to the quarter highlights. We recorded a revenue of INR 4,604 crore, which is a
                     robust 29.7% year-on-year growth and 2.5% Q-o-Q growth. EBITDA continues to remain above
                     the INR 200 crore milestone. Although quarter-on-quarter, it is flat, EBITDA is at INR 207
                     crore, but it is 36.2% jump on a year-on-year basis. This shows our strength, resilience and
                     scalability of our operating model.


                     Now coming to the details. On a consolidated level, monthly revenue run rate is now INR 1,578
                     crore across all segments. This quarter’s revenue is INR 4,604 crore, increase of 29.7%. India
                     Security has now crossed a quarterly revenue milestone for the first time at INR 2,000 crore with
                     Q1 FY '27 revenue at INR 2,004 crore, a 37.3% growth on a year-on-year basis.


                     In FM, we have reported a revenue of INR 642 crore, which is a growth of 8% year-on-year.


                     International Security has seen a very strong bounce back, as you've seen since last year. It has
                     reported the highest ever quarterly revenue run rate of INR 1,982 crore, nearly touching INR
                     2,000 crore, which is a growth of a whopping 31% year-on-year and 7% on a constant currency
                     basis. Of course, rupee has also contributed into this.


                     Now coming to the EBITDA. It's a constant endeavour to improve margin profiles across all
                     segments. So, we have focused on margin, both in terms of customer contracts as well as
                     rationalizing SG&A costs. So, on a consol EBITDA level, we grew 36.2% year-on-year to INR
                     207 crore and a margin of 4.5%. India Security reported a stable margin of 5.1% at INR 103
                     crore EBITDA. Facility Management reported an EBITDA margin of 5.5%, which is now
                     normalized to a new zone. We have been constantly guiding that FM margins will be on an
                     upward trajectory. And International Security, the EBITDA margin for Q1 was 3.5%. EBITDA
                     improved to INR 69.6 crore, which is a 52% jump year-on-year. The decline from Q4 to Q1 is
                     always on the expected line because for Australia, Q4 has historically been the highest due to
                     high-margin events, et cetera, which fade out during the Q1 year. So it's as per the previous
                     pattern.


                     Coming to PAT, it was INR 101.7 crore for the quarter, which is a margin of 2.2%.


                     On ROCE front, we've been continuously guiding that we will be consistently pursuing
                     incrementally higher ROCE. So now the ROCE stands at 16.7%, which is actually an
                     improvement of 14% from a year ago. On capital efficiency, the DSO stands at 66 days. These
                     are up by 3 days, but that's not at all surprising because Q4 is always the best in terms of DSO
                     historically and Q1 obviously dips.


                     So with that, I conclude the opening remarks. On the call, I have Mr. Rituraj Sinha, GMD; and
                     Mr. Brajesh Kumar, he is the India CFO; Mr. Murli Krishna, CEO, SIS International. And we
                     are open now for Q&A.


Moderator:           The first question is from the line of Abhinav Mandowara from Aequitas Investments.


Abhinav Mandowara:   My first question was regarding A P Securitas. What is the revenue and EBITDA number for
                     the quarter?



                                              Page 3 of 10

[[PAGE 5 / 11]]
                                                                                                          SIS Limited
                                                                                                      August 06, 2026

Brajesh Kumar:       For this quarter the revenue of A P Securitas was INR 332 crore, and EBITDA was INR 12.2
                     crore.


Abhinav Mandowara:   My next question was regarding the labor shortage. So we have been reading a lot about labor
                     shortage across. So did we face it? And what is the outlook around that? Did it impact our
                     margin? And going forward, how do we see it?


Rituraj Sinha:       This is Rituraj, Abhinav. Nothing exceptional. I think every year, April through to June before
                     the monsoon sets in, is a period where you witness shortages. And by about July when the farm
                     labor returns to their blue-collar jobs, this subsides. So there is nothing exceptional to report.


Abhinav Mandowara:   So, you didn't find labor shortage and anything, any outlook around that?


Rituraj Sinha:       No. I don't see any exceptional labor shortage and nothing which is unique compared to previous
                     year trends.


Abhinav Mandowara:   Okay. My next question was regarding the wage hike that has happened across various States
                     we have seen taking minimum wage hike. So how have you been able to guide that? Or has there
                     been some lag?


Rituraj Sinha:       So important question. I think labor codes model rules were notified finally by the Government
                     on 8th of May, which triggered all State Governments to notify implementation dates for labor
                     codes in their respective States. Across the country, State Governments have already floated
                     draft model rules. Once the drafts are settled, then the new codes become fully operational.


                     In that background, a few States have also taken this opportunity to pass through minimum wage
                     hikes that had been held back awaiting labor code implementation. States like Haryana, Uttar
                     Pradesh, Karnataka, Telangana, Uttarakhand, some examples which have passed through
                     minimum wage hikes ranging from 20% to 47%.


                     The average wage hike for the last 10 years, the annual minimum wage hike trend for the last 10
                     years in India or more recently post-COVID has been sub-5% actually. So, pre-COVID, if you
                     take a 10-year window 2016 to 2026, it will be close to 9% year-on-year. And if you factor in
                     COVID and what's happened since COVID, it will be barely 5%. So the States that I cited have
                     clearly done exceptional minimum wage hikes.


                     Now let me call out that this is, in essence, great news for SIS. Our contracts are set up such that
                     every and all minimum wage hikes are passed through directly to client. So a minimum wage
                     hike like this means a revenue boost. For the same volume, your price goes up. So you witness
                     a revenue boost.


                     Number two, because it is a pass-through, mostly it is a non-event on the gross margin line and
                     it is an EBITDA-accretive result. So to bring conclusion to my long-ish answer to a
                     straightforward question, please don't see these minimum wage hikes as exceptions. This should
                     be largely the pattern across most major States in the country. Minimum wages were held back
                     by most States because they were awaiting labor code notifications. Over the course of the next
                     6 to 9 months, as the labor codes model rules get notified at different States, they will also come


                                              Page 4 of 10

[[PAGE 6 / 11]]
                                                                                                             SIS Limited
                                                                                                         August 06, 2026

                       through with some meaningful level of minimum wage hikes. It may not be to the extent of 45%
                       or 47%, but it will certainly not be as feeble as the 5% average annual increase that we have
                       witnessed. So this is a story in the making.


                       But like Vineet called out, overall tailwind for SIS, we are very well prepared to pass these
                       through. Actions are underway. Impact in Q1 is less evident because this whole thing started
                       only on 8th of May. As you see Q2 and Q3, the impact should become more evident.


Abhinav Mandowara:     Okay. The next question is regarding the Cash business IPO. What is the status of it? And can
                       you share us with the revenue and PAT number?


Rituraj Sinha:         Well, I cannot share because the DRHP is filed, and we still have an active card. I can't share
                       the financial performance details of the Company. I can only say that as of right now, we are
                       waiting for a good time window. And in the IPO rush that we are witnessing right now, also
                       given the fact that the peer comparables have witnessed significant de-rating, we are waiting on
                       a more opportune time to take this Company to market.


Moderator:             The next question is from the line of Umang Shah from Banyan Tree Advisors PMS.


Umang Shah:            Congrats on a good set of results. So, one question I had was on the minimum wage hike
                       announced by the Australian Government of 4.75%. We had signed a lot of contracts in Australia
                       last year from Q2 to Q4. Now we understand that these hikes will not be automatically passed
                       on, but they will be reset when the contracts are renegotiated. So in the meantime, what is the
                       margin impact that you see for SIS for the entire year? Any rough idea?


Rituraj Sinha:         No. Just one second. I think there's a big misunderstanding. When the minimum wage hike
                       happens, our contracts have in-built rise and fall clauses, which basically means that we
                       contractually have the right to pass through the higher wage cost of employees to the customer
                       immediately. However, this has a time lag. You raise an invoice, the customer studies it, he
                       processes the bill. Sometimes he pays on the current rate till the matter is settled and then he
                       pays in arrears. So, there is a timing mismatch between the date on which the higher wages
                       become effective and when we are able to fully claim and pass through. So, it is not, let me
                       underline, this is not dependent on contract expiry date or contract renewal date. This is a routine
                       operation. It happens every year.


                       I will request Murali Krishna, who is our CEO, is on the call as well. So Murli, if you would
                       want to add more specifics to what's happening in Australia.


R. S. Murali Krishna   Okay. So as Rituraj just said, all our contracts have a natural rise and fall clause....


Moderator:             Sorry to interrupt, sir. There is a disturbance in your voice.


R. S. Murali Krishna   Is it better now?


Moderator:             No, sir.


Rituraj Sinha:         I more or less answered the question. So if there's any follow-up, please email to us. Murali will
                       respond separately.

                                                Page 5 of 10

[[PAGE 7 / 11]]
                                                                                                        SIS Limited
                                                                                                    August 06, 2026

Moderator:          The next question is from the line of Parag Jhawar from Knightstone Capital Management.


Parag Jhawar:       Could you throw some light on the share purchase of Updater Services that you are doing? And
                    please don't say this is a treasury operation.


Rituraj Sinha:      It is a treasury operation.


Parag Jhawar:       But that's a single stock that you're buying. Is there any, is there something more to read...


Rituraj Sinha:      No, that is the single stock we have bought till now. That would be a more correct statement.


Parag Jhawar:       Fair enough, thank you.


Moderator:          The next question is from the line of Manoj Reddy Sama from Zen Wealth Management Services
                    Limited.


Manoj Reddy Sama:   My question is regarding outlay for this metro services business, for example, if we take the
                    Hyderabad business, how many employee there?


Rituraj Sinha:      I'm sorry, I don't think I have contract level details handy to respond to that question. In any
                    case, SIS handles in India more than 16,000 different contracts. No single contract contributes
                    more than 1% of revenue. So, I don't know what the intent of your question is, but if the question
                    is around the significance of a contract or materiality of a contract, let me assure you that we
                    have a very diversified portfolio of contracts and there is no risk to that count.


Manoj Reddy Sama:   What I wanted to understand…


Rituraj Sinha:      Sorry, I couldn't get the question.


Moderator:          Mr. Manoj, your voice is not audible. Can you please say the question again?


Moderator:          Since the line of Mr. Manoj is not audible…


Vineet Toshniwal:   Yes, just promote the others on the question queue as we...


Moderator:          The next question is from the line of Abhinav Mandowara from Aequitas Investments.


Riya Mehta:         Hi, this is Riya from Aequitas. Just got a couple of questions. In terms of the India business,
                    since we are expecting the new labor code to be implemented and you said the pass-on would
                    be happening after some time. So there are 2 questions to it; one is, what is the minimum price
                    hike which we would be expecting in terms of Government, etc.? And is there any conversation
                    around it on the policy level? And second is in terms of India business, if you could help me, are
                    these current margins sustainable going forward?


Rituraj Sinha:      So India business margins, if you just look at the Indian side of the business, the margins are
                    more like 5.1% for Security and 5.5% for FM. So if you do a blended average India business,
                    probably we will be 5.3%, 5.4% ballpark range.




                                              Page 6 of 10

[[PAGE 8 / 11]]
                                                                                                        SIS Limited
                                                                                                    August 06, 2026

                    Are these margins sustainable? I would think so. And I have in the past also said that our
                    objective is to move from this range to 5.5%, 6% ballpark range in India. So that's the answer to
                    your second question.


                    The first question is around minimum wage hikes. That's a great debate, Riya, what the wage
                    hike will be and when the wage hike will come through. My guess would be as good or as bad
                    as yours.


Riya Mehta:         Got it.


Rituraj Sinha:      In India, labor is a concurrent subject. Minimum wages are defined by State Governments. There
                    we are talking about more than 30 State Governments, when they decide what level of wage
                    hikes, they will pass through is very hard for anybody to predict with any degree of accuracy.


                    What I can tell you is that the States that have so far increased their wages, Karnataka has
                    probably witnessed one of the highest percentage hikes in excess of 20-odd percent. Haryana,
                    again, has been exceptional at 40% plus.


                    U.P. came through at 23%, 24%, if I remember correctly. So these are abnormal. They are not
                    in line with the 5% odd annual minimum wage hikes that have been coming through since
                    COVID. But whether all States will follow similar pattern is very hard for me to say.


Riya Mehta:         Right. But the State where we have seen this implementation already being done, you mentioned
                    that you were able to pass on even prices which were higher than 10%, 12% and up to almost
                    20% to 30% also in few States. So how are these contracts laid down? The nature of the contracts
                    involves complete pass-through? Or is it a one-on-one negotiation which we do with the
                    customer?


Rituraj Sinha:      There is no negotiation. Our contracts are structured on an open book costing where we define
                    the minimum wage basis on which the price of a product category is built. So, let's say, for
                    example, the minimum wages in a State is INR 100 and our price in that State may be INR 140.
                    Now if the Government changes the minimum wages from INR 100 to INR 110, we simply
                    reprice the contract basis that change.


Vineet Toshniwal:   Also, Riya, when you asked about the margin, see, ever since we've been interacting, the SIS
                    flagship Security business, that operates at a consistent 5.5% type of margins. If what you're
                    seeing change is post-acquisition, and the acquired asset had lower margin given the lower scale,
                    they are 20% of our size. And then there is a clear path to integration and upping their margin
                    profile also as a result of the synergies and the cost savings that will come. So, you will see on
                    a blended basis, coming to the original margins that we used to operate over a period of the next
                    4 to 8 quarters. So that's why they are sustainable. It's only because of the acquisition effect you
                    are seeing lower margins.


                    And then FM, we have always been guiding that margins improvement started from 4% and it's
                    as high as 5.5%. As I've always said, aspirationaly, we should be operating near 6%, but it will
                    happen when it will happen, but we are at 5.5% consistently. So there is no margin threat as of
                    now.


                                             Page 7 of 10

[[PAGE 9 / 11]]
                                                                                                        SIS Limited
                                                                                                    August 06, 2026

Riya Mehta:         Got it. And in terms of the entire payment for acquisition has been done...


Vineet Toshniwal:   No, we only have acquired 51% stake in the Company, and we still have to acquire 49%
                    subsequently over the next couple of years. The anniversary for that '28.


Moderator:          The next question is from the line of Umang Shah from Banyan Tree Advisors PMS.


Umang Shah:         I wanted to ask the question with labor codes getting implemented, there will be a level playing
                    field between us and the smaller players who are not very organized. Can you tell us roughly
                    what is the cost discount at which they were operating at because of not applying or not following
                    the rules properly and with the labor code implementation, how much will that delta increase?
                    Any rough idea would be great.


Rituraj Sinha:      Well, it's impossible for me to say what is the degree of non-compliance a smaller operator might
                    be opting to. So it can be anything. I mean, you could be non-compliant to PF, you could be non-
                    compliant to PF, ESI and bonus. You could be non-compliant to minimum wage as well. You
                    could be non-compliant to almost everything and reduce your cost.


                    I think the important thing I would like to register for everybody who's following SIS in
                    particular and labor code impact in general, if somebody was to ask me what is one of the most
                    significant changes in labor codes, I would point to the definition of the term employer.


                    The definition of the term employer in the 4 labor codes clearly states, and if I can quote for you,
                    that an employer is a person on whose payroll an individual works, but is also the person on
                    whose premises or whose establishment the individual works.


                    Why this matters is because in the past, a customer who wanted to circumvent the laws to cut
                    cost could have easily given a contract to a noncompliant vendor and assumed that the onus of
                    all compliances has now shifted from the customer on whose site the guard may be working to
                    the contractor who has given non-compliant rates.


                    So outsourcing had become a method to circumvent compliance costs. The Government has now
                    plugged that gap. The Government's new definition says that if I have a guard working on my
                    premises and he is not getting PF or he is not getting the applicable minimum wages or he's not
                    getting bonus or all 3, I am under obligation as the principal employer to ensure that all his dues
                    are paid whether or not the contractor is able to fulfil compliances. This is a tectonic shift. This
                    basically means that the arbitrage discussion, which was always there in this industry, there's a
                    cost arbitrage operating with the non or the lesser compliant players. That conversation has
                    completely shifted now to the customer's doorstep.


                    Whether a customer hires a fully compliant agency or he hires a less compliant agency, the onus
                    of all compliances rest with the customer as well, number one. And number two, not just in
                    theory, the customer has to disclose under his LIN number, there is an equivalent of a GST
                    number now called LIN number, labor identification number. And all filings have to happen on
                    Shram Suvidha portal, just like you file for GST on GST network.




                                             Page 8 of 10

[[PAGE 10 / 11]]
                                                                                                    SIS Limited
                                                                                                August 06, 2026

                 So as a customer has to, under his LIN number, show that he has outsourced security to SIS and
                 facility management to DTSS and what he is paying these agencies and what these agencies are
                 paying to their respective employees. If there is a default by SIS or DTSS, the principal employer
                 still remains under obligation to discharge all such dues to employees because they are working
                 at his establishment, on his premises, so he is ultimately the principal employer.


                 This is a tectonic shift. It has not happened before in this industry. I am pretty confident that
                 once this is fully implemented in letter and spirit across the country, this will result in a
                 fundamental shift in the organized versus unorganized share of the market.


                 This is the reason why in Australia, 90% of customers use only compliant providers. In India,
                 maybe 30% or 40% of the customers use compliant operators. It is just the difference in
                 regulation between Australia and India. So that clarity that the labor code has brought in will
                 certainly create a more level playing field in the times to come.


Moderator:       The next question is from the line of Anant Mundra from Mytemple Capital.


Anant Mundra:    Sir, just had one question. What is the latest update on the ELI scheme? Is it active? Or is there
                 some implementation issues still with?


Rituraj Sinha:   No, it is active. The scheme is implemented. Anything in particular you want to know? The
                 scheme is active...


Anant Mundra:    Okay. So, have we worked out any benefits that could accrue to us?


Rituraj Sinha:   Well, a large chunk of the benefits actually go to the employee himself, right. So, the scheme is
                 designed such that if anybody joins a company and he continues to work for 12 months, then the
                 Government will pay him INR 15,000 directly to his personal account. And then there is a small
                 frugal benefit that the job creator gets. But the employment-linked incentive is predominantly
                 aimed at benefiting the individual employee more than the employer per se.


Moderator:       As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to Mr.
                 Rituraj Sinha for closing comments.


Rituraj Sinha:   Thank you, everyone, for joining the call. It's been a pleasure talking to you and very happy to
                 report that SIS has got off to a solid start in the first quarter.


                 Number two, that finally, labor code implementation has started, and we see it as a tailwind.


                 Number three, we are very happy to be one of the first few to use the open market route to buy
                 back and our buyback should be opening next week. So, it is completely designed for our
                 minority shareholders. Promoters are not participating. I would encourage everybody to take the
                 maximum benefit. We have left a handsome premium on the table up to INR 478.5. And I hope
                 that we are able to allocate capital back.


                 Like Vineet mentioned, this is our ninth action to return capital to employees, 5 buybacks and 4
                 dividends. So shareholders, this is the ninth occasion where we are returning capital back. We



                                           Page 9 of 10

[[PAGE 11 / 11]]
                                                                                                         SIS Limited
                                                                                                     August 06, 2026

                      are very happy that as a profitable cash-generating business, we have given back INR 700-odd
                      crore to our shareholders since IPO.


                      I would draw your attention to the last but probably a very important aspect, which is that our
                      return ratios, they bottomed out at 11.8% ROCE in Q1 of FY '25. And in Q1 FY '25, our return
                      on equity was down to only 9.4%. Today, 2 years later, our ROCE is at 16.7% and our return on
                      equity is at 15.8%.


                      We hope to execute with discipline. Our objectives are very clear. India has roughly 5,000 listed
                      companies. If you filter with significant businesses, let's say, INR 500 crore in PAT, that would
                      leave less than 500-odd companies, maybe 10%. Amongst those 500 companies, if you filter
                      how many deliver a 15% annualized growth consistently with a 15% plus return profile
                      consistently, that brings the count to less than 100 companies. We want to drive SIS into that
                      box of 100 companies in this country which deliver INR 500 crore plus in PAT and our material
                      businesses with consistent year-after-year 15% growth in profits and 15% or greater return
                      profile. So that's what we are shooting for.


                      FY '26 was a year of rebound. We delivered 15 and 15, and FY '27, I hope will be an inflection
                      year or the second year where we'll be in that zone, hopefully. So, thank you very much for your
                      support, your conviction in SIS through the thick and thin. I wish you all the very best. I hope to
                      see you next quarter. Bye-bye.


Moderator:            Thank you. On behalf of SIS Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us,
                      and you may now disconnect your lines.


   Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript
   has been edited for clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although
   an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy.




                                              Page 10 of 10

