[[PAGE 1 / 17]]
November 28, 2025

National Stock Exchange of India Limited                        BSE Limited
Exchange Plaza                                                  Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla Complex,                             Dalal Street
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051                                       Mumbai-400001
Company Symbol: SIS                                             Company Code: 540673
                                                                Debt: 976573
Dear Sir/Madam,

Sub: Transcript of the Investor & Analyst Call
Ref:      Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
          Regulations, 2015

Please find attached the transcript of the Investor and Analyst Call held on November 25, 2025,
to discuss the New Labour Codes (2025) and their impact. The transcript is also available on
the Company’s website at Investors & Analysts Call – Transcript.

Kindly take note of the same.

Thanking you,

Sincerely,

For SIS Limited
            Digitally signed
PUSHPA by PUSHPA
LATHA LATHA
        Date:
               KATKURI


KATKURI 2025.11.28
        18:24:06 +05'30'

Pushpalatha Katkuri
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer




                                                     SIS Limited
    Address for correspondence: #106, 1st Floor, Ramanashree Arcade, 18 MG Road, Bangalore- 560 001, Karnataka
        Registered office: Annapoorna Bhawan, Patliputra Telephone Exchange Road, Kurji, Patna 800 010 Bihar
                 Website: www.sisindia.com Tel: +91 80 2559 0801 E-mail ID: compliance1@sisindia.com
                                             CIN: L75230BR1985PLC002083

[[PAGE 2 / 17]]
                   SIS Limited
 Investor and Analyst Conference Call to discuss New
              Labor Codes and its Impact

                    November 25, 2025




MANAGEMENT: MR. RITURAJ SINHA - GROUP MANAGING DIRECTOR,
            SIS LIMITED
            MR. BRAJESH KUMAR - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER,
            INDIA, SIS LIMITED
            MR. VINEET TOSHNIWAL - PRESIDENT, M&A AND
            INVESTOR RELATIONS, SIS LIMITED




                       Page 1 of 16

[[PAGE 3 / 17]]
                                                                                                    SIS Limited
                                                                                              November 25, 2025

Moderator:          Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the investor and analyst call discussion on New
                    Labor Codes and its impact hosted by SIS Limited. As a reminder, all participant line will be in
                    the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the
                    presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an
                    operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is
                    being recorded.


                    I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vineet Toshniwal - President, M&A and Investor
                    Relations from SIS Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir.


Vineet Toshniwal:   Thank you very much and I welcome all of you. Good evening and thank you for joining today's
                    call. Looks like a full house with a lot of participants.


                    Therefore, we felt it was essential to organise a focused conversation, as the new Labor Codes,
                    which were notified last Friday, are finally becoming a reality. We have been talking about it in
                    various investor conferences and in one-to-one interactions as well. And post the
                    implementation, there was a lot of noise, rightly so, questions around cost structures, around
                    how the compliance frameworks will change, what will happen to the margins and more than
                    that, what does it all mean for a business like ours. So, let me just put some basic framework in
                    place and then we will get into a very detailed Q&A.


                    We genuinely believe that this is the GST moment for labor in India. As when the GST came in,
                    it formalized the tax system, and it accelerated the shift from unorganized to organized players.
                    The new Labor Codes are doing something very similar but on the employment side which is
                    pushing India's large workforce into a more formal, more compliant and a fully auditable
                    framework. So, for a Company like ours, increased compliances are actually not a headache.
                    They are, I would say, a growth tailwind. We are India's largest fully compliant security facility
                    management platform. We already run on proper auditable books and transparent accounting.
                    We are fully compliant on PF, ESIC, social security and we have a very transparent wage
                    structure and all our contracts are formally documented. So, as the rules get cleaner and stricter,
                    it does not break our model, it actually validates it. So, in very simple terms, as India formalizes
                    its labor, we are structurally designed to be one of the biggest beneficiaries of this whole shift.


                    Now, let me come to the second aspect. As you all know, we are not a temp staffing Company
                    and we have been emphasizing on and off in all our interactions. We run mission critical
                    operations, guards at factories, warehouses, data centers, office parks, hospitals and alongside
                    housekeeping and soft services 24x7. So, what the new labor codes really do is raise the bar on
                    how you manage a large distributed workforce across the state, across country. And our clients
                    are telling us very clearly, we do not want the hassle and risk of managing thousands of blue
                    collar workers, guards and the facility staff under the new regime. We want one specialist partner
                    who can take care of everything end-to-end and be fully compliant. That plays straight into our
                    integrated model, manpower, strong management layer and a very robust compliance framework




                                          Page 2 of 16

[[PAGE 4 / 17]]
                                                                                 SIS Limited
                                                                           November 25, 2025

all under one roof. So, as these codes raise the bar, they do not hurt us, they push more business
towards us because we are an organized specialist.


Now, let us come to the cost, margin aspect of it. Briefly, let me touch upon very frequent
questions which were coming up. Under the new rules, as you can see, wages are more
standardized. The definition of wage has been made very tight. There will be a new national
minimum floor wage which will be notified on a pan India basis. Government has indicated this
and I believe there is a committee being formed and soon it will be notified. Social security
contributions are going to be more visible and more digital. This means less room for playing
games with basic versus allowances as the practice of unorganized sector was and less scope for
under reporting. So, for us, this is exactly how we operate. Our contracts are built in with full
statutory pass through, I repeat full pass through. We earn our margin on top of a fully compliant
cost structure. So, when PF, ESIC or any other statutory element moves up, it flows through to
the client as a line item, it is not absorbed by us. So, the nature of the client conversation shifts
from being who is the cheapest provider to who is the most reliable compliant partner at a scale.
That is why we say when the codes are implemented, they may squeeze the non-compliant,
unorganized sector, but for us, they reinforce a simple truth, quality, compliance, scale are worth
paying for.


Now, touching upon the consolidation opportunity these codes bring ahead of us because we
have been talking about consolidation, industry consolidation in various investor conferences.
A very large part of India's Security and Facility market is still served by small informal vendors.
The enforcement of labor code tighten that model, makes it more harder and riskier, especially
for large corporate MNCs, etc. So, they simply cannot afford non-compliance on thousands of
frontline workforce. So, with our pan India footprint and a fully digitized payroll and compliance
system and a long track record, we are extremely well placed to capture this consolidation that
is ahead of us. Every step India takes from informality towards moving a more formal system,
we are actually ready.


Now, talking about the softer aspects, this is all about the people at the gate, the guards and
thousands of housekeeping workforce. For them, the bigger questions are how predictable are
my wages? Now that wages are mandated to be paid on exactly 7 th of the month, are the wages
credited on time, am I getting my social security, job stability, etc. So, tightening the definition
of wages, enforcing minimum wages, strengthening PF, ESIC, moves the system in that
direction. So, I would say we have not woken up to these codes overnight. We have been
preparing for them for years and investing behind in this direction for a very, very long time
with all digitized system, pan India platforms, strengthen integrated security and facility
management offering and a sharpened portfolio, which basically helps us capture this whole
opportunity.


So, let me close my remarks. As India's largest fully compliant security and facility management
platform, we are built for this GST moment for labor, turning the new Labor Codes and the shift




                      Page 3 of 16

[[PAGE 5 / 17]]
                                                                                                   SIS Limited
                                                                                             November 25, 2025

                  from informal to organized into a long term growth tailwind as a quite compounder and an
                  execution arm of Make in India.


                  Now, let me open the floor for questions. We have with us Mr. Rituraj Sinha, our Group
                  Managing Director and Mr. Brajesh Kumar, who is our India Chief Financial Officer. We will
                  be happy to take your questions and answer them to the best of our ability. I would request given
                  the large number of participants on the call, please make your questions brief and only one
                  question per participant. Thank you very much.


Moderator:        Thank you so much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question and answer
                  session. The first question comes from the line of Rushil Selarka from Pinc Wealth. Please go
                  ahead.


Rushil Selarka:   My question is that, since now gratuity will be applicable for workers after one year, will the
                  attrition rate reduce, and will we also get a tax benefit under 80JJA?


Rituraj Sinha:    As per the Gratuity Act, gratuity was applicable after five years of service, earlier. Now, with
                  the change in Labor Codes, gratuity will apply to fixed-term employees effective the first year
                  of service. This means that those who were not charging clients or had not created a gratuity
                  fund as an employer will need to incur this expense. However, SIS has been funding its gratuity
                  fund for over three decades now. And every contract of ours has a gratuity payment clause,
                  which obligates the customer to pay us the gratuity payable to our employees as and when it is
                  due. Given that the duration has now changed from year five to year one, we have to pass this
                  through to clients. However, the contractual right with us is already preset in all our contracts.
                  In part, you're right, there is a change in the law with respect to gratuity. Part 2: There will be
                  additional costs for employers who were not funding gratuity. Part C and most importantly, the
                  impact on SIS will be negligible or nil.


Rushil Selarka:   But sir, like one more thing, are we going to see that, more stickiness in terms of employment,
                  like people will not leave at least for one year because we see attrition rates are very high. So, I
                  think because of all those benefits that psychology will help them to retain for one year and this
                  might help us in bottomline, by paying less taxes under 80JJA. I just wanted to understand that?


Rituraj Sinha:    I think to that, I will say that labor mobility is far more complex than just gratuity being
                  applicable or not. However, at a high level, given the code on wages that is likely to push up the
                  minimum wage payable to guards, janitors, cash van crew, given the fact that gratuity and other
                  such things will also be available. Overall, if you were to ask me at a macro level, Is this going
                  to increase retention and reduce attrition for the sector as a whole, I will say yes.


Rushil Selarka:   Okay, got it. And so, like, are we going to see consolidation happening in the industry because
                  now there will be less compliance required, whichever state you work earlier, there is a lot of
                  compliance, but now it's been converted into four codes. Are we going to see that organized




                                        Page 4 of 16

[[PAGE 6 / 17]]
                                                                                                   SIS Limited
                                                                                             November 25, 2025

                   market will pick up and they will start taking share from unorganised because of this less
                   compliance and whatever has happened in the industry?


Rituraj Sinha:     Yes, you could see this as a trigger for organic consolidation and a shift in preference by the
                   customers from unorganised non-compliant players to more organized larger players for a simple
                   reason. As a customer, as long as you are getting some benefit by operating with a small,
                   unorganized, non-compliant player, you are saving some money, maybe, you are enticed to do
                   so. But now that the labor regulation is going to require a single registration and online filing,
                   the scope of cutting corners has reduced. If the smaller unorganized player is going to ask you
                   for the same rate of pay or the same compliances as the market leader, then common sense says
                   that an average customer would rather have a larger compliant operator than stick with the
                   bottom end of tier operators. So, yes, it should trigger organic consolidation and a shift in favor
                   of more organized, larger players in the market.


Rushil Selarka:    Last question, are we going to see any impact in our working capital since the payment has to
                   be made on every 7th of the month to the workers. So, sometimes the billing is when we bill it
                   and then we receive the money. So, are we going to see any working capital issues over there or
                   increasing working capital cycle because of this?


Rituraj Sinha:     I think, I don't see any reason why the working capital cycle should increase. I actually see reason
                   for the contrary. Code on wages has a provision where the principal employer, which is also
                   defined as the user of the service, the end user of the service, is now directly responsible for
                   payment of salaries to all direct staff as well as contracted staff by 7 th of the month, which
                   effectively means that as principal employer, they have to now look out for their contracted
                   service provider, may it be a security company or a cash logistics Company or a facility
                   management Company, that they are also paying all statutory dues on time, failing which
                   liability would land at their doorstep. So, it's a great question. What will happen, - I don't think
                   this will be an instant reaction. It will take a few quarters, maybe more than a year to settle. But
                   at this stage, I don't see labor reforms as increasing working capital requirements in the business.
                   In fact, I see it doing the contrary, which is encouraging customers to pay earlier because now
                   they are equally liable for payment on time.


Rushil Selarka:    Thank you, sir, for answering my questions.


Rituraj Sinha:     Thank you for reading up on labor reforms.


Moderator:         Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from the line of Siddharth Zabak from IIFL Securities.
                   Please go ahead.


Siddharth Zabak:   Hi, thank you for taking my question. I have two questions. Do workers who join for a few
                   months and then return home and later rejoin, will they still receive social security benefits? And
                   the second one is, will clients push to renegotiate contracts once the social security clauses under
                   the Labor Codes come into effect?




                                         Page 5 of 16

[[PAGE 7 / 17]]
                                                                                                      SIS Limited
                                                                                                November 25, 2025

Rituraj Sinha:     Let’s understand what it means to join the formal workforce. Formal workforce is defined as
                   any individual who is getting minimum wages as per statute, who has a provident fund number,
                   who has an ESIC number for healthcare, and is generally considered to be a part of the formal
                   workforce. So, if such an individual were to work for six months, nine months and then go back,
                   take a break and come back after staying at home for six months in his village, his provident
                   fund number will still be active. His ESI number will still be active. So, as long as he goes to the
                   previous employer or a fresh employer and shares details of those numbers, his account remains
                   active. This is what the Government is defining as social security portability. Whether you work
                   for employer A, B or C, you could carry your social security across employers, which is the
                   concept of universalisation of social security coverage for the average Indian worker. The second
                   question you asked, could you repeat that and clarify a little bit please?


Siddharth Zabak:   Sure. I just want to know whether clients will push to renegotiate the contracts once all the social
                   security clauses kick in as it will potentially increase costs for them?


Rituraj Sinha:     Well, I think every client will look to reduce their cost. That is only natural. That doesn't my
                   confirmation. So, at any point in time when there is an increase in cost, people will chase avenues
                   to reduce cost. Having said that, I think the impact of such pressure will depend on which entity
                   you're talking about. Like for example, if you're a staffing Company where your service charges
                   is a fixed rupee value, per head per month, there is no impact because if the cost increases, the
                   customer is going to say, “I used to pay you Rs. 1,000, I want to pay you 1000 or lesser”. Looking
                   at service providers like us, which are percentage service fee-based, are well-tuned to this
                   because social security might be the discussion of the country today, but the fact is the industry
                   that we work in, our pricing is linked to minimum wages. Minimum wages is a State subject.
                   So, 30+ states in the country regularly revise their minimum wages. And that too, they do it
                   twice a year, once in April, once in October. So, we undergo 60 or more price resets each year.
                   For us, this is fairly routine. Therefore, our contracts are built for it. Our contracts clearly
                   underline that any statutory change will be a pass-through on a pro rata basis. So, long story
                   short, I don't see any negative impact on SIS, because we go through the drill 60 times a year,
                   and that is pretty much as routine as it can get. Hope that answers your question.


Siddharth Zabak:   That does. Thank you so much.


Moderator:         Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Riya Mehta from Aequitas Investment.
                   Please go ahead.


Riya Mehta:        Thank you for taking my question. My first question is that the minimum wage, which we were
                   discussing since a long time, but it has not been corrected. So, with this new labor law do we get
                   any sense of when the amount or the number would come by?


Rituraj Sinha:     Well, I think let's spend a moment to understand the Minimum Wages Act itself. The Minimum
                   Wages Act, as it were, pre-labor reforms, spoke about setting the minimum rate of pay for
                   scheduled employment. Now, scheduled employment only covers 30% of all job roles. So, 70%



                                         Page 6 of 16

[[PAGE 8 / 17]]
                                                                                             SIS Limited
                                                                                       November 25, 2025

              of workers were not even covered under minimum wages. What the Government has now done,
              that first big change is, and I think you guys should, anybody who's interested in labor laws must
              sort of really make a note of this because minimum wage is very fundamental to the cost structure
              of any industry, forget security or staffing. The first big change that the Government has made,
              they have universalized minimum wage. So, no matter what type of job you do, you could be a
              beedi maker, you could be a rag picker, or you could be, whatever else job you can think of, the
              Minimum Wage Act applies to everyone. That's number one.


              Number two, there is a basis now for the fixation of a minimum wage. What job role will get
              what minimum wage? There is a logical basis for setting that minimum rate of pay. And that
              criterion is, number one - skill level, what skill does the job require? Number two - location of
              the job, whether it is in Himachal Pradesh, or in Bangalore city. And third, the working
              conditions. Does this job require you to work in a mine, in extremely hard conditions, or it is a
              job that requires you to sit in a pretty comfortable place? So, these three parameters put together
              determine the criteria on which the wages will be determined. And number three, mega changes,
              that the Government has prescribed a national floor minimum wage, which says that now the
              States cannot arbitrarily keep their minimum wage low, so as to keep the cost of production
              lower. For example, a lot of you will be surprised that the minimum wage of an industrialized
              State like Gujarat is literally 60% lower than the minimum wage in an industrialised state like
              Tamil Nadu, or even 40% lower than in Maharashtra. If I put numbers to it, in Gujarat, minimum
              wage is Rs. 12,000-Rs. 13,000-Rs. 14,000. In Maharashtra, for the same job role, you could be
              earning Rs. 23,000-Rs. 24,000-Rs. 25,000. It's that much of a disparity, for the same job. You
              could be a driver in Gujarat, you could be a driver in Maharashtra, and your pay will vary by Rs.
              10,000 per month. Now, this disparity was a historical anomaly in the labor markets of this
              country, which are now being rationalized. So, when you talk about quote-on-wages and the
              minimum wage, you must understand these three things. Number one, that minimum wages now
              is universal. So, no shortcuts. Number two, that the definition of minimum wage is now crystal
              clear. And number three, that there is a rule for national floor minimum wage. No State can set
              minimum wages which are lower than the national floor. Now, the golden question, what is it
              and when is it going to lead? My answer to that is, I don't know. I don't know when the
              Government is going to formally announce the national floor minimum wage. And I don't know
              whether that will trigger a 5% increase in wages for security, for janitorial staff, for cash crew
              members, or that is going to result in a higher increase. In 2017, a similar change happened, not
              labor law change, but a re-categorization of security staff. In 2018 January, if my memory serves
              me right, at which point in time, there was a one-time catch-up of 54% in certain regions. So,
              my guess would be as good or as bad as yours. But directionally, I am sure that the Government
              cannot reduce minimum wages. And as long as it increases minimum wages, whether it is 5%
              or 50%, that will have a direct bearing on higher revenues and correspondingly higher margins
              for SIS group. Sorry for the longish answer, but I hope it clarifies.


Riya Mehta:   Yes, I think that helps a lot. Thank you. I will join the questions queue for further questions.




                                    Page 7 of 16

[[PAGE 9 / 17]]
                                                                                                  SIS Limited
                                                                                            November 25, 2025

Moderator:       Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Amit Chandra from HDFC Securities.
                 Please go ahead.


Amit Chandra:    Hi, and thanks for the opportunity. So, my question is, on the minimum wage that has been set
                 across the country, you said that there will be a minimum wage floor. So, we will see the cost
                 for a lot of industries or a lot of States going up. So, is there a risk that some of these increased
                 costs for clients of yours will be passed on to some of the staffing companies and the kind of
                 margins that we are enjoying right now, there could be a risk to them and they could offer some
                 discounts or ask for some discounts, maybe because of the increased cost. So, is that a
                 possibility? And because our understanding was that with these new Labor Codes coming in the
                 industry, which was seeing a lot of margin pressures over the last many years, maybe we can see
                 some easing in terms of the margins and the gross margins can go up across the industry?


Rituraj Sinha:   I think there is a fundamental difference that this labor law change will underline, which is the
                 difference between staffing and service. The difference between a business model that generates
                 1% to 2% EBITDA margin and a business model with 5% to 6% EBITDA margin. Honestly
                 speaking, I have said this earlier, customers will look to reduce costs in every way they can. But
                 the fact is, minimum wages go up every year across every single contract of ours, at least once,
                 mostly twice a year in April and in October. We pass through these costs to clients without any
                 impact on our service fee, which is a percentage of the cost. So, I have no reason to believe that
                 we will not be able to pass through this change. But then again, that time will tell. I think our
                 business model, our contracts and our experience give me reasonable confidence that higher
                 minimum wages should be both a revenue and a margin kicker for SIS.


Amit Chandra:    If you are able to maintain your service fees, then apart from that, more from an industry
                 tailwind, what other things that you think will drive your gross margins? If the client is able to
                 pass on whatever the hike is there any minimum wages? What all things that you believe is more
                 positive from a long-term perspective for the industry? And also in terms of timelines, how do
                 you see the timelines in terms of implementation of these Labor Codes? Maybe it will take a
                 quarter, six months, a year in terms of the implementation, full-scale implementation, because
                 it's a big reform. Maybe it can take much longer versus what we have anticipated?


Rituraj Sinha:   Let me give you a broader answer. I think it's important for everybody to understand the scale
                 of this change. In India, we have 1.3 billion people, 95 crore voters who are above 18, 55 crore
                 labor force, people who are actually in that age and are working. That is an estimate from the
                 labor organisations. Out of the 55 crore, only 25 crore work in the farm sector. The remaining
                 30 crore people are either self-employed, Government-employed, private sector-employed. As
                 of now, roughly 8 odd crore people were Provident Fund registered. So, out of 30, only 8 crore
                 people were getting some kind of social security in the form of Provident Fund. This initiative
                 of the Government is likely to increase social security coverage from 8 crore towards 30 crore.
                 I don't know where exactly they will end up, but it is going to increase the social security net.
                 Universalizing social security is one of the key objectives of the Government. Why I am telling
                 you this is that when you absorb that scale of change, like Vineet was saying, this is as big as



                                       Page 8 of 16

[[PAGE 10 / 17]]
                                                                                                 SIS Limited
                                                                                           November 25, 2025

                 GST. So, now when they are saying that every employer will have to get a single registration,
                 single online filing, single license, getting this done, getting the IT system to work, it will take
                 a while. Even GST took a while. It didn't happen in a quarter if you remember. Even this will
                 take some time. There will be sets and resets and setbacks. But I am not in a position to give you
                 a timeline on this, my friend, because the Code on Wages was enacted in 2019. It has been
                 implemented in 2025. So, what I can tell you today is the impact is going to be massive. Impact
                 is going to be across sectors. Impact will take time, at least a year, if not a little longer. But
                 overall, this is good for India. This is definitely good for SIS.


Amit Chandra:    Thank you and all the best.


Moderator:       Thank you. Our next question come from the line of Dipesh Mehta from Emkay Global. Please
                 go ahead.


Dipesh Mehta:    Yes, thanks for the opportunity. Just to understand it better, can you help us understand what
                 will be the cost difference between organized player and unorganized player today in security
                 services as well as facility and cash management, if you can help us understand that part. And
                 do you expect now cost will start converging and scale player rather have some advantage in
                 core structure compared to unorganized player? If the answer is yes, for the second part of the
                 question, do you think it can be, I think, partly valued about consolidation in your one of the
                 answer earlier, but whether it can have a significant implication on the number of players
                 operating in the space going forward because of the scale advantage in business? Thank you.


Rituraj Sinha:   Well, that's many questions rolled into one. Let me try and answer one by one. I think labor
                 reforms is a trigger for organic consolidation of the industry. There is no denying that. And I
                 will give you evidence. I have been operating extensively in Australia for the last 15 years. Our
                 subsidiary Company in Australia has an 18% market share. And that is largely because the labor
                 laws are extremely explicit. I can give you a similar example for the UK. I can give you a similar
                 example for many other countries where labor reforms have occurred in the last two decades.
                 So, is labour reforms going to trigger organic consolidation? Is it going to trigger shift away
                 from unorganized, non-compliant towards organized? The answer is a clear yes. As regards to
                 cost comparison between unorganized and organized players, I mean, I am assuming you live in
                 Mumbai. So, let me give you a Mumbai example. The minimum wages in Mumbai is such that
                 an SIS security guard in Mumbai would cost you close to Rs 50,000 per head per month for an
                 eight-hour shift. Technically, if you go to one of the old construction buildings, RWAs, which
                 have been there for 100 years or 70 years, you will find a Johnny sitting inside the lift, generally
                 wearing chappals, sitting on a stool. If you ask him his salary, he'd probably be getting maybe
                 Rs 20,000-25,000 in hand and no PF, no ESI, no bonus, no gratuity, no nothing. He's just getting
                 salary and his owner is taking Rs. 2,000 on top. Both of this could be happening at a stone's
                 throw distance. Same RWA will have an ICICI Bank branch or ICICI Bank ATM or Axis Bank
                 ATM. There, ICICI will be paying full compliance. They will be paying Rs. 50,000 for a guard.
                 And 10-feet far, in the same building a lift man is working at half rate. This is the condition of
                 labor law implementation in this country today. So, I don't think our addressable market is the



                                       Page 9 of 16

[[PAGE 11 / 17]]
                                                                                                  SIS Limited
                                                                                            November 25, 2025

                 RWA. It has never been. SIS is primarily industrial-focused. So, we don't work for individuals,
                 we don't work for households, we don't work for such RWAs. In our existing customer base or
                 our addressable market as we call it, I don't think there is anybody who is looking for a Rs.
                 25,000 service in Bombay. They all understand that when labor reforms will come, maybe the
                 cost of the same guard, which is Rs 50,000 thereabouts, might go up 15%-20%. It might be now
                 Rs 60,000. But then the same Bank or the same corporate client used to have a guard or security
                 manpower 20 years back in his building. And at that point in time, the minimum wage was lower.
                 So, he may be only paying Rs. 20,000 for that job role. Today he's paying Rs. 50,000. Tomorrow
                 he might end up paying Rs. 60,000. But because the value addition is reasonable and justified,
                 the industry rolls on. I hope that helps.


Dipesh Mehta:    It helps. The only follow-up is, broadly what you are indicating is, because we are operating in,
                 so our addressable market is not including situations like RWA building, then our target market,
                 we don't see much change in terms of cost difference between us versus our similarly organized
                 players.


Rituraj Sinha:   Let me clarify. Let me put it in numbers, maybe you will understand it better. The GST code for
                 private security indicates that ~Rs. 8,000 crore+ of private security services are rendered each
                 month, and GST for Rs. 8,000 crore worth of services is deposited with the Government of India.
                 SIS's revenue from security is approximately Rs. 600 crores in a month. So, technically, our
                 market share is somewhere between 5% to 10%. Now, I clearly state that every single buyer of
                 security is not in my addressable market. There are a lot of people who we will not serve simply
                 because they are not corporates, they don't believe in compliance, there is no managing director,
                 there is no Board, there is no listed Company. So, they are more casual about their compliance.
                 So, everyone who's buying security is not my client; everybody who's buying cleaning service
                 is not my client. But even if you exclude 30%-40% like that, our headroom is still from maybe
                 Rs. 600 crore to Rs. 6,000 crore, till I reach a point that I am getting into non-addressable market.
                 So, I don't think we are at all worried about that aspect. We have enough headroom to grow. In
                 the US, the largest security Company Allied Universal has 15% market share. In the UK, the
                 largest security Company has more than 15% market share, which is Group 4. In the
                 Scandinavian countries, Securitas has more than 25% market share. In Australia, our own
                 subsidiary has 18% market share. We have maybe 5%. So, I don't think we are worried about
                 the size of the market at all.


Dipesh Mehta:    Understood. Maybe I can come for follow-up. Thanks.


Moderator:       Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Anant Mundra from Mytemple Capital.
                 Please go ahead.


Anant Mundra:    Hello. Thank you for the opportunity. So, just wanted to understand the impact of this 48-hour
                 per week cap that is there, because I understand security is a 12-hour shift business; so, I mean,
                 how would this impact the Company and the industry overall? And because there's going to be
                 like a, I mean, if you just divide it by six, there's an eight-hour cap. And beyond that, everything



                                       Page 10 of 16

[[PAGE 12 / 17]]
                                                                                                  SIS Limited
                                                                                            November 25, 2025

                 has to be, I think, double the regular wage. So, how could this impact the Company and the
                 industry overall?


Rituraj Sinha:   Firstly, who told you that security is a 12-hour work shift industry? I think this is completely
                 false and wrong information. Please correct for everyone involved. Security, like any other
                 industry, complies with the same set of labor laws as everybody else. So, if a 12-hour shift is not
                 common to every industry, it is not common to security. A 12-hour shift is more likely in a bank
                 or at a call center. It is more likely in the textile/garment industry than in private security. So, I
                 think that's the first point in correction.


                 The second is that it is true that our guards voluntarily opt to do extra shifts. That is because they
                 are mostly migrant labor and they look to maximize their monthly earnings. They'd rather do an
                 extra shift that is available than not do it. As of right now, through our proprietary technology,
                 which is the MySIS app, we have restrictions on who can do OT, where he can do OT, how
                 much OT he can do. For us, it is as simple as changing one rule in the code to say that 40 hours
                 and no more. The person will not be able to log in attendance. He will not be able to punch
                 attendance. So, non-compliance at the trigger point is being addressed by SIS as we speak. So,
                 effective the first full month, which is 1 December, we are hard-coding a 40-hour OT cap for all
                 our employees. I hope that's clarified.


Anant Mundra:    Yes, thank you so much. And just one more question. So, do we expect the take-home pay of
                 our employees to go down because the base on which PF calculations is done is going to get
                 revised? So, do we expect the take-home to go lower for our employees?


Rituraj Sinha:   No, as of now, no. Why is the take-home going down? - please understand this also. This is one
                 of the biggest misnomers. So, let's say, your salary is Rs. 1 lakh or my salary is Rs. 1 lakh. And
                 for the purpose of provident fund, my HR department had defined my basic pay as Rs. 10,000.
                 And they were paying 13% provident fund on Rs. 10,000. So, the new law says that at least 50%
                 of your take-home pay will be considered as base for PF deductions. So, now, my HR department
                 in this case would have to rebase my PF computation at Rs. 50,000. So, which basically means
                 that the Company will have to cough up more. But it also means that there will be a greater
                 deduction from my take-home pay as a result of which my in-hand salary will reduce.


                 In SIS, pre-Corona, I think maybe 2017 or something, we rebased our PF calculation in our
                 pricing with customers and in our calculation for payment to PF department at 50% of gross
                 take-home pay. And that was because there was litigation in this regard, where such matters
                 were taken to court. And the court had already ruled that PF should be deductible on 50% of
                 gross pay. Now, because that was not enacted, some people opted to be extra cautious, others
                 decided to take advantage till it became clear enough. We were cautious. We have no extra cost.
                 Our guards are not going to have lesser take-home pay.


Anant Mundra:    Wonderful. Thank you, that was it from my end. Thank you for the clarification.




                                       Page 11 of 16

[[PAGE 13 / 17]]
                                                                                                SIS Limited
                                                                                          November 25, 2025

Moderator:       Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Riya Mehta from Aequitas Investment.
                 Please go ahead.


Riya Mehta:      Thank you so much for the opportunity. I understand the kind of impact would be neutral to
                 positive for our security business. So, I understand for our securities business, I think this has
                 been something which we have been waiting since long. For a facility management where we
                 don't charge a percentage and an absolute amount, how does it impact that business for us? If
                 you could just help me understand.


Rituraj Sinha:   Again, I am glad that you guys are asking all these questions. Again, who told you that facility
                 management does not work on percentage service fee? Please do not confuse us with a staffing
                 Company. I don't know how staffing companies who have also entered into facility management
                 price their contracts. But we have been in this industry since 1974. We have gone through many
                 such waves. Our pricing model is exactly the same across security and facility management. Let
                 me give you a very detailed example. If minimum wages in Bangalore is Rs. 20,000, then on Rs.
                 20,000, the janitor gets his PF, ESI, bonus, gratuity, leave, everything calculated. On top of it,
                 we put Rs. 200-Rs. 500 for his uniform and training and other such charges, supervision charges.
                 And then we charge our service fee as a percentage of that overall cost. So, if that adds up to Rs.
                 35,000 already with all these wage plus, statutory plus training and uniform put together, we
                 charge, let's say, 10% on that. So, our service fee is Rs. 3,500 on a cost base of Rs. 35,000. And
                 the net cost to customer is Rs. 38,500 plus GST. Now, for example, Government decides
                 tomorrow that the GST on facility management services is reduced to 5%. So, nothing happens
                 in our pricing. Simply, instead of invoicing out at Rs. 38,000 plus 18% GST, we invoice out Rs.
                 38,500 plus 5% more GST. If the Government says that no, minimum wage is effective next
                 month is going to be Rs. 21,000, then we simply reprice our contract. Rs. 20,000 minimum wage
                 becomes Rs. 21,000 and PF, ESI, bonus, gratuity, everything else gets computed. We were
                 getting 10%. We continue to get 10%. Because the cost has now moved from Rs. 35,000 a month
                 to, let's say, Rs. 36,000 a month, for simple understanding, we get 10% of Rs. 36,000. So, we
                 start to get Rs. 3,600 for that individual per month. That's how the margin of this industry
                 operates. Now, many would say, oh my god, labor reforms have happened. So, this practice may
                 not hold. What they are missing is that minimum wage hikes have been happening twice a year
                 for the same contract for the past 10 years. There is nothing new about it. What is the
                 Government going to do? Worst case, the Government is going to say minimum wage goes up
                 by Rs. 5,000. Instead of Rs. 1,000, they will say Rs. 5,000. Should that happen, we have to go
                 back and talk to the customer. But the contractual right to pass through remains. The customer
                 will call us and say, boss, my budget has blown up. What should I do? Better than that, sir. You
                 do this. Reduce the headcount a little or you have to give this much or you increase automation
                 or you do this. That is what solutioning is all about. I think it will either boost revenue through
                 higher cost, or it will boost revenue through higher use of mechanisation and automation. Both
                 ways, it's a booster on margin.


Riya Mehta:      Got it. Also, in terms of incremental cost with all these things like maybe health checkups,
                 gratuity in one year, etc. Can you help me with an example? For a person who is earning Rs.



                                      Page 12 of 16

[[PAGE 14 / 17]]
                                                                                               SIS Limited
                                                                                         November 25, 2025

                 10,000 or Rs. 20,000, how much as a percentage that cost will increase? Or how much is the
                 actual cost to the Company going to increase with all these incremental statutory obligations?


Rituraj Sinha:   Every individual that works for SIS today is already covered under ESIC, Employee State
                 Insurance. That basically has a network of hospitals across India. So, you get a card. See it as
                 the predecessor of Ayushman Bharat. So, as an employee enrolled in ESIC, you get a card which
                 has a picture of your family. Husband, wife, children. And now the Government has added in-
                 laws and parents. So, all of these people will become eligible to free healthcare from ESIC
                 hospitals. So, for us, is this a cost increase? The answer is no. We were anyway charging our
                 clients and paying. What is new is the Government has said that employees above 40 years of
                 age will also be entitled to a preventive annual health checkup. Now, we don't have that provision
                 currently in ESIC. Now for the Government to effect that for 10 crore people, they will have to
                 extend this service to ESIC enrolled members also. Otherwise, how is the Government going to
                 say that this is a new rulebook? Everybody gets preventive and curative healthcare, but ESIC
                 will only do curative and preventive, you go find for yourself. It will need infrastructure also.
                 So, the Government ESIC will now have to catch up and offer preventive healthcare also.
                 Luckily for us, this provision clearly underlines that this is an obligation of the principal
                 employer. As per law, principal employer is defined as the end user of service. So, there might
                 be some confusion for a Zomato delivery boy, whether you as a person who orders Zomato is
                 the principal employer or not. There the buck might stop at Zomato itself. But for us, our
                 employee is either working in Max Hospital or Lilavati Hospital. He is either working in Tata
                 Motors or ICICI Bank. He is either working at American Express Corporation or at Boeing
                 Corporation. So, the principal employer is crystal clear. There is no ambiguity about that.


Riya Mehta:      Okay. But in terms of like say, gratuity, its tenure has been reduced or other incremental legal
                 costs. Could you give me a ballpark number which or just a sense of how much cost for a non-
                 compliant Company would increase?


Rituraj Sinha:   Company that is non-compliant for gratuity?


Riya Mehta:      No, for all the incremental compliances, which let's say I understand that SIS has been among
                 the organized player. So, I want to understand how much is the delta between unorganized to
                 organized? How much will the cost increase for the unorganized?


Rituraj Sinha:   I don't know the level of non-compliance you're talking about. That could be somebody who's
                 not even paying minimum wages.


Riya Mehta:      Let's say zero.


Rituraj Sinha:   Yes. So, in Bombay, you could have somebody who's paying a guard Rs. 10,000 salary. So, to
                 catch up with minimum wage, he has to first increase salary by Rs. 15,000 to be equal to the rate
                 of pay in Mumbai. Then if he's not paying minimum wage, he has to; he most certainly is not




                                      Page 13 of 16

[[PAGE 15 / 17]]
                                                                                                      SIS Limited
                                                                                                November 25, 2025

                      paying PF, ESI, bonus and gratuity. So, he has to pay 13% PF, 3.75% ESI, 8.33% bonus, 4.81%
                      gratuity. I'd say weekly off and leave 16.66%. So, depends how non-compliant you are.


Riya Mehta:           Okay. Got it. And with the current implementation, we had read reports that it would take around
                      45 days to 50 days for the final draft to come. Are we expecting similar timelines?


Rituraj Sinha:        This act was legislated in 2019, '20 and '21. It became effective in November 2025. Only God
                      knows when the portal will be ready for single registration, single license, single online filing or
                      the draft rules to be out. I would not venture a guess. But I know for sure, there is no stepping
                      back. In the farm laws, the Government had to step back. In land reform, Government had to
                      step back. Luckily, in tax reform, they were able to implement. I think labor reform is going to
                      go the tax reform way, simply because I haven't read anything. There's no trade unions on the
                      street. There is nothing that sort of says that there's going to be another farm law type situation.


Riya Mehta:           Right. I think good times for the Company. Congratulations. Thank you. This is the last question
                      from my end.


Moderator:            Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Girish from G J Capital Partners. Please go
                      ahead.


Girish Tekchandani:   Hey, Rituraj. So, my question is on working capital, which is already addressed by you. But just
                      to clarify on one fact, if you look at the Code of Wages central rules, there's Rule 55, which
                      requires principal employer to pay to the contractor before contractor pays salaries to the contract
                      labor. And as per the Wages Act, it is within seven days of the month closure. So, there's a clear
                      case for SIS to reduce the receivable days in India business. And logically, it should come down
                      to close to seven days from probably 70 plus days currently and release lot of working capital.
                      So, how do you see this building up in SIS? That's my question.


Rituraj Sinha:        Firstly, my compliments. And I am glad to know that you've actually taken the pain to read the
                      Act. It's a great question. I think, theoretically, this gives us very solid grounds to contest
                      payment terms with our clients. If the law is implemented in letter and in spirit, you're right. We
                      are supposed to give the bill by 1st of the month. They are supposed to pay before 5th or 6th of
                      the month. And we are supposed to pay our employees on the 7th of the month, just like they will
                      pay their direct employees who are sitting in their factories. So, 7th, everybody gets paid. That's
                      the ideal condition. Should that happen, SIS maintains probably one of the better DSOs in this
                      industry. Our DSO still sits at 70 days. Now, if this theoretical situation were to prevail, there
                      should be a very significant reduction in our working capital intensity. Having said that, it is too
                      early to make a forecast, prediction or claim about this. I think we have very solid grounds to
                      reduce our working capital. We have legislation to back us. But how this will actually play out
                      is to be seen.


Girish Tekchandani:   So, Rituraj, if I am not wrong, your receivables, trade receivables are Rs. 2,200 crore. Even if I
                      assume half of it is in India, which is Rs. 1,100 crore. And even if we are able to achieve 50%




                                           Page 14 of 16

[[PAGE 16 / 17]]
                                                                                                     SIS Limited
                                                                                               November 25, 2025

                      compliant principal employers, there's a potential of release of Rs. 500 crore to Rs. 600 crore of
                      cash, which makes you a net debt-free Company. So, I am sure you will be making full efforts
                      towards that.


Rituraj Sinha:        I think we are anyway sub 1x net debt to EBITDA. And even without that working capital
                      release, we will work towards a negative net debt Company that you can take regardless of what
                      happens here. But you are right. I think if your math is correct, the first thing that will happen,
                      net debt is the side show. The main thing that will happen is, the return ratio of SIS will go
                      beyond 30%.


Girish Tekchandani:   Thanks, Rituraj for answering this. That's all from my side. Thank you.


Moderator:            Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Dipesh Mehta from Emkay Global. Please
                      go ahead.


Dipesh Mehta:         Thanks for the opportunity. I think broadly you answered on working capital side. But do you
                      think any changes in the facility side also? So, let's say between security and facility
                      management, are there any terms different in working capital between these two businesses with
                      the customers? And second question, contracting…


Rituraj Sinha:        So, just to be clear, please do not try to dissect Security and FM. Our operating model, our
                      pricing model, our payment terms and contracting model with customers are pretty much the
                      same for Security and for FM.


Dipesh Mehta:         So, that answers my question. Thank you.


Moderator:            Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, in the interest of the time, that was the last question for today.
                      I would like to hand the conference over to Mr. Rituraj Sinha for closing comments. Thank you
                      and over to you, sir.


Rituraj Sinha:        Thank you very much for all those who have joined the call. Anyone whose questions were not
                      addressed today, kindly feel free to write to Investor Relations, and we will get back to you with
                      answers. In summary, I would like to say that this is a mega trend. The scale of change in the
                      labour environment in the country is a mega trend; it is a mega change. It will take time to get
                      implemented, just like GST did. This is even more complicated because this is literally covering
                      every single employer in the country and potentially every single non-farm employee in the
                      country. So, this will take time. It will go back and forth. The key thing to remember is that this
                      has happened. And as and when it gets fully implemented, it will transform the labor market
                      environment for India. I have about 23 years of experience in this sector. I started out in 2002
                      when the minimum rate of pay or the minimum wage in Delhi was Rs. 2,800 per head per month.
                      There was nothing like service tax. And I still remember going to customers where they asked
                      me, if I have to pay PF, if I have to pay ESIC, then why do we need you? Can't we keep it direct?
                      So, I have seen this industry evolve in the last 23 years from that where we stand today, where




                                              Page 15 of 16

[[PAGE 17 / 17]]
                                                                                            SIS Limited
                                                                                      November 25, 2025

             nobody is challenging the fact that minimum wages have to be paid or GST has to be paid. There
             were some shortcuts that people were making around things like bonuses and leave. I think even
             minimum wages, in certain cases, I think will all be addressed over time. This is not just good
             for India; this is particularly good for businesses like SIS because our revenue is basically
             volume multiplied by price. And price is a function of wage. So, if the wage goes up, the statutory
             compliance goes up, then the price will increase. And if the price increases, the revenue will
             increase. Please understand, we have 3 lakh plus people. If minimum wages were to go up by
             Rs. 1,000 starting tomorrow morning, each of these individuals will have to get Rs. 1,000 extra
             every month, and we will have to claim that from our customers. That will reflect on our
             revenues, reflect on our profit line. It's as simple as that. So, please do not be overly concerned
             about our capability to pass through.


             I think this is also a moment of time which will clearly underline the difference between the
             staffing industry, as a 1%-2% EBITDA margin business and a flat fee model, vis-à-vis security
             and facility management, which are a service at 5%-6% EBITDA margin on a percentage service
             charge basis. So, I think these are interesting times. I am sure we will learn as we go ahead. But
             let me assure you that SIS has been preparing for labor reforms since the Code on Wages was
             enacted. We have worked in very close coordination with all Government agencies. We are glad
             to see that the Government has been extremely receptive, listening to the feedback of large blue-
             collar employers like SIS. By virtue of having 3 lakh plus employees, we are also one of the top
             10 private employees in the country. And among the blue-collar workforce, we are probably the
             top 5 private employees in the country. So, we are very happy that this has happened. We
             welcome it. There will be teething trouble. We are prepared for it. Overall, I see this as an
             inflection point for our industry. Thank you very much.


Moderator:   Thank you so much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of SIS Limited that concludes this
             conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.




                                  Page 16 of 16

