[[PAGE 1 / 17]]
                                                                                        Redefining Business
                                                                                                    Services

June 04, 2026
 To:                                                   To:
 BSE Limited (BSE)                                     National Stock Exchange of India Limited
 Corporate Relationship Department                     (NSE)
 Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,                            Listing Department
 25th Floor, Dalal Street,                             Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1,
 Mumbai - 400001                                       G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra
                                                       (East),
                                                       Mumbai — 400051

 BSE Scrip Code: 543996                                NSE Code: UDS


Dear Sir/Madam,

Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call for the Quarter and Financial Year Ended March
31, 2026.

This is further to our letter dated May 29, 2026, whereby the company submitted the link to
the Audio Recording of the Earnings Call for the Quarter and Financial Year Ended March 31,
2026.

Pursuant to Regulation 30 (6) read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations
and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015, the transcript of the said Earnings Call held
on May 29, 2026, is enclosed as Annexure.

You are requested to kindly take the above on record.

Yours faithfully,

For Updater Services Limited

SAND         Digitally signed
             by SANDHYA

HYA
             Date: 2026.06.04
             17:28:35 +05'30'
Sandhya Saravanan
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
A66942




                         Updater Services Limited (earlier Updater Services Pvt Ltd)
                1st Floor, No.42, Gandhi Mandapam Road, Kotturpuram, Chennai - 600085
                +91 44 2446 3234 I 0333 I sales@uds.in I facility@uds.in I www.uds.in I
                                     CIN L74140TN2003PLC051955



             Our Values: happy people I clear purpose I better everyday I do good I balance all

[[PAGE 2 / 17]]
                                 “Updater Services Limited
                   Q4 & FY26 Earnings Conference Call”
                                               May 29, 2026
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the stock
exchange on 29th May 2026 will prevail




MANAGEMENT: MR. RAGHUNANDANA TANGIRALA – PROMOTER AND
            MANAGING DIRECTOR – UPDATER SERVICES LIMITED
            MR. AMITABH JAIPURIA – SENIOR EXECUTIVE
            DIRECTOR – UPDATER SERVICES LIMITED
            MR. RAM PRAVEEN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER –
            UPDATER SERVICES LIMITED
            MRS. ELIZABETH JACOB – FOUNDER AND CHIEF
            EXECUTIVE OFFICER – ATHENA
            MR. SUNIL MUNSHI – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER –
            DENAVE




                                                       Page 1 of 16

[[PAGE 3 / 17]]
                                                                                                Updater Services Limited
                                                                                                          May 29, 2026

Moderator:                 Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call
                           for Updater Services Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode
                           and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes.


                           Before we begin, a brief disclaimer. This conference call may contain forward-looking
                           statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the
                           company as on the date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future
                           performance and it may involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict.


                           Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing
                           star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now
                           hand the conference over to Mr. Raghunandana Tangirala, Promoter and MD of Updater
                           Services Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir.


Raghunandana Tangirala: Yes. Thank you. Good morning, everyone and a warm welcome to all the participants joining
                           today's call. Joining me on the call today are Amitabh Jaipuria, our Senior Executive Director;
                           Mr. Ram Praveen, our Chief Financial Officer and our Investor Relations Advisory from SGA.
                           We're also joined by Elizabeth Jacob, Founder and CEO of Athena as well as Mr. Sunil Munshi,
                           CEO of Denave.


                           I hope you have all had an opportunity to go through the investor deck and the financial results.
                           The same are also available on the stock exchange platform and on the company's website.
                           Before I begin, I have two important leadership announcements to share. I'm pleased to announce
                           the elevation of Amitabh Jaipuria from Non-Executive Director to Senior Executive Director for
                           a term of 3 years.


                           Mr. Jaipuria also has been on our Board and had a deep understanding of our business and its
                           strategic direction. In his new executive role, he will also be hands on, on strengthening
                           operational excellence, streamlining business processes and driving long-term strategic
                           initiatives across the organization.


                           We're also delighted to have him step into the expanded mandate and look forward to the value
                           he will bring in his capacity. We've also appointed Ram Praveen, our Group Financial Officer.
                           Ram is a qualified chartered accountant over 23 years of experience spanning across agri
                           solutions, manufacturing, IT assets and banking.


                           He brings deep expertise in the business partnering, cost management, governance and finance
                           transformation. His career includes senior leadership roles at Coromandel International,
                           Caterpillar India, Cognizant and IndusInd Bank. We are excited to welcome him on Board and
                           are confident that his experience will be an important asset as we continue to scale up the
                           organization.


                           We have also decided that to simplify our structure and to be able to give direct attention to some
                           of our key BSS business, for now, we'll have CEOs of Denave, Athena and Matrix reporting
                           directly to the MD and the senior leadership team. Now turning to the business. FY '26 was,
                           without question, a challenging year for UDS as a group.



                                                    Page 2 of 16

[[PAGE 4 / 17]]
                                                                    Updater Services Limited
                                                                              May 29, 2026

We dealt with a very uncertain external environment as well as certain internal challenges and
challenges that demanded our attention. We have addressed them with seriousness they
deserved. At the same time, I'm pleased to say that the underlying business continued to
demonstrate resilience with the revenue growing around 7% year-on-year.


Upfront, I want to take a moment to specifically address the situation at Avon, which was
discussed even in our Q3. Avon is one of our subsidiaries. Over the last two quarters, Avon took
a total provision of approximately INR23 crores relating to receivables from its relatively new
logistics and freight brokerage business. INR3 crores recognized in Q2, the balance in Q3 of '26.
We want to be completely transparent with all of you.


We are taking all necessary steps, including legal action to recover these amounts. Being prudent
and conservative, we have already fully provided for the entire INR23 crores. The core business
of Avon remains intact and operationally stable and has grown at 9% over last year. We don't
expect this to be a recurring issue.


Overall, FY '26 was an important year for us as we built our internal capabilities and capacity.
In many ways, a year of reset, we deepened our client relationships, improved contract level
profitability, continue to invest in technology-led operations and made meaningful strides in
positioning UDS as a preferred integrated service partner across sectors.


Let me now take a few minutes to share our perspective on the broader IFM industry landscape
because the structural tailwinds are compelling, and I want you to understand how they directly
benefit UDS. The integrated facilities management business is at an important structural
inflection point.


Historically, the industry has been dominated by unorganized providers, competing primarily on
price, but this dynamic rally is now shifting rapidly and we believe irreversibly. The new labor
codes, which came up into full effect in November 2025, consolidate 29 legacy labor laws into
4 comprehensive codes, covering wages, social security, occupational safety and industrial
relations.


The new framework extends compliance obligations to contract and gig workers mandates
digital record keeping and tighten social security provisioning. This majorly raises the
compliance risk for enterprise clients that continue to engage unorganizational vendors. For
UDS, a company that has operated with a compliance-first model from day one.


There is a clear structural competitive advantage. Alongside the regulatory shift, Grade A office
spaces and industrial real estate continue to grow. We deeply see the Global capability centers
is driving a disproportionate share of new leasing and is bringing in a new class of occupiers and
that has zero tolerance to compliance lapses and overwhelmingly prefers integrated pan-India
service partners from day 1.


Tier 2 cities now home to growing GCC clusters are often onboarding IFM providers from the
greenfield sites bypassing in-house teams entirely. The growing industrial activity and
investments are driving a good demand as well. These are trends that play directly to our
strengths.

                         Page 3 of 16

[[PAGE 5 / 17]]
                                                                    Updater Services Limited
                                                                              May 29, 2026

Beyond compliance, clients are also evolving into how they procure FM services, moving away
from single service input-based contracts towards integrated outcome-linked engagements tied
to uptime, energy efficiency and asset performance metrics. This shift structurally advantages
players with technology platforms, strong execution structure and the ability to deliver
measurable outcomes at scale.


Taken together, workforce formalization, new office and industrial space demand and the shift
to outcome-based contracts are compounding tailwind for UDS and our long-standing
compliance-first model and pan-India delivery capability positions us to capitalize on this
transition.


Now diving deep into our IFM division. Our IFM business continued to witness healthy
momentum during Q4 FY '26, supported by strong traction across manufacturing, commercial
real estate, healthcare, retail, logistics and GCC-led demand. The industrial segment continued
to be a key revenue driver for us and we are seeing encouraging diversification across verticals.


During the year, we added 30 new logos across industrial, technology, commercial sectors, while
also witnessing increased wallet share from existing clients. We continue to see healthy traction
for technically intensive and integrated facilities management contracts, where clients
increasingly prefer organized partners with strong execution capabilities, strict compliance
standards and pan-India delivery infrastructure.


Now coming to our segment mix. The year saw a meaningful increase in contribution from
health care, which reflects our deliberate effort to diversify our industry exposure. It now
contributes about 7.8% of our revenue. The total contribution from IFM segment is 67% for FY
'26.


In terms of portfolio quality, the year saw us make conscious choices to balance larger contracts
with smaller but higher-margin contracts. Our focus on improving contract level profitability is
beginning to show results, and we are improving the bottom line by increasing service volumes
and sharing overhead costs across large operating scale rather than through direct headcount
reductions, which would compromise service quality.


EBITDA margins for the year stood about 5.2%. Looking ahead, Q1 of FY '27, we are
encouraged by strong early momentum. A few large logos have been signed on and several other
new current pending final approvals. This gives us visibility and confidence going into the new
financial year.


Our strategic priorities for IFM in FY '27 remains focused on improving client level profitability
across the portfolio, increasing operational efficiency through technology-led interventions,
optimizing manpower deployment to improve margin quality, enhanced service integration
across client accounts, expanding higher-margin specialized service offerings, including energy
management, MEP services and technical AMC work.


Looking ahead, we remain confident of delivering healthy high single-digit growth in IFM,
supported by strong industry tailwinds, increasing outsourcing penetration and expanded



                        Page 4 of 16

[[PAGE 6 / 17]]
                                                                                         Updater Services Limited
                                                                                                   May 29, 2026

                    opportunities across industrial manufacturing, infrastructure and commercial real estate. Let me
                    now give a brief update on Global Flight Handling and Avon.


                    Global Flight Handling delivered a significantly improved operational performance during FY
                    '26, supported by higher passenger traffic, expansion in airline partnership and improved airport
                    level operating efficiencies. The business delivered an EBITDA of 6% versus 3% last year.


                    The business continued to expand its footprint across airports. We now have all 23 airports
                    operational and generating revenue. We also witnessed a healthy traction in training-related
                    initiatives under the Global School of Aviation. We're also seeing encouraging opportunities
                    emerging in the aviation security training and related services, which we believe can become an
                    important growth lever for our business going forward.


                    On Avon, I've already addressed the provisioning issue. The core mail room management and
                    integrated support service business of Avon continues to remain stable with healthy client
                    relationships and improving operational performance. Revenue for the year grew 9% year-on-
                    year.


                    The business has also continued to focus on increasing share of high-margin value-added
                    logistics solutions, including ETL services and workplace support services. We expect this
                    diversification to contribute positively to Avon's revenue quality in FY '27. I'll now hand over
                    the call to Mr. Amitabh for an update on our BSS segment.


Amitabh Jaipuria:   Thank you, Raghu, and good morning, everyone. Just to quickly dive into overall what's
                    happened in the BSS segment, and then I will hand over to Sunil Munshi:, who's our CEO for
                    Denave as well as then to Elizabeth Jacob:, who is the Founder and CEO of our other sales
                    enablement business, which is Athena.


                    We have particularly invited them on the call today to give you a visibility into the depth of
                    talent that actually manages these businesses and to hear from them directly because as Raghu
                    mentioned, we have simplified our organization. And now Elizabeth, Sunil and the CEO of our
                    Matrix business, Ravi reports directly to Raghu and the senior leadership team.


                    This year has been a year of pause and reset in the BSS business with each of our 3 companies,
                    Denave, Athena as well as Matrix, seriously rejigging their operating structures, teams and
                    processes to reposition us for growth and continued profitability this year and in the future. As
                    mentioned, we are simplifying our organization and using technology to make our processes
                    faster, more accurate as well as to reduce costs.


                    We expect that these actions are showing results this year with their full impact being seen in
                    the next year onwards. The BSS segment revenue for FY '26 reached approximately INR965
                    crores, which is broadly flat year-on-year. While the top line was range bound due to specific
                    headwinds in certain businesses and we will address that in more detail later in the call.


                    Adjusted EBITDA, adjusted for onetime on account of Avon for the division stood at INR85
                    crores with margins standing at approximately 9%. The revenue for Q4 stood at INR234 crores.
                    But really what's exciting for us is the improvement in EBITDA margins, which stood at close


                                             Page 5 of 16

[[PAGE 7 / 17]]
                                                                                  Updater Services Limited
                                                                                            May 29, 2026

                to 11%, reflecting the impact of our sustained cost optimization and portfolio quality
                improvement effort.


                At an overall level, our sales enablement business under Denave grew 11% over last year with
                an EBITDA of INR26 crores with a margin of about 4.5%. During the quarter, revenue at Denave
                grew 15% and EBITDA grew almost 70% with margin improvement to 5.5% plus for Q4.


                Our sales enablement business under Athena in FY '26, the revenue stood at INR113 crores for
                FY '26 with an EBITDA of INR23.6 crores and an EBITDA margin at 21%. While our EBGC
                business under Matrix underwent a challenging time and witnessed an 11% revenue decline in
                FY '26 over last year, and the Audit and Assurance business grew at 5.8% in FY26 over last
                year.


                The EBITDA for the Matrix business stood at INR14.9 crores and EBITDA margin of 12% for
                FY '26. As mentioned by Raghu earlier, we now have our 3 CEOs of Denave, Athena and Matrix
                reporting directly to the MD. We therefore thought it would be a good idea to invite 2 of them
                on this call and for you to hear directly from them.


                I will hand over the call to Mr. Sunil Munshi, CEO of Denave, to take you through all the
                business highlights of Denave, and then he will hand it over on to Elizabeth Jacob: for Athena.
                So Sunil, over to you.


Sunil Munshi:   Thanks, Amitabh. Good morning, everybody. During FY '26, the broader demand gen and sales
                enablement industry continued to witness a dynamic operating environment. Global enterprises
                were increasingly focused on outcome-based engagements, productivity enhancements and AI-
                led sales transformation, and that's precisely what and why Denave has also continued to work
                on and gradually strengthening its position.


                This year has its share of challenges for us as well. Technology spending headwinds and
                macroeconomic uncertainty continued to create almost near-term turbulence, particularly in the
                first half. The tech segment, we faced pressure due to market disruptions and evolving AI
                landscape saw for us a meaningful recovery in Q4.


                And importantly, to combat these disruptions, Denave didn't wait for the market to recover, we
                proactively shifted from purely human-led processes to incorporating AI-led driven
                methodologies, campaign intelligence tools, advanced sales intelligence workflows and the
                transition is now yielding results.


                During the year, we almost onboarded 49 new logos and also added new business from our
                existing debt enterprise customers as well. And both put together grew 21% Y-o-Y. And what's
                particularly encouraging in these new businesses that's been added in FY '26 have been signed
                at higher margins and service mix for us is evolving favorably.


                Our proprietary AI-led sales intelligence platform, Intellibank, continues to see encouraging
                client traction. The platform continues to evolve almost monthly, and we continue to invest in
                it. In fact, during the quarter, we further enhanced platform capabilities with deeper account



                                         Page 6 of 16

[[PAGE 8 / 17]]
                                                                                         Updater Services Limited
                                                                                                   May 29, 2026

                   intelligence, improving the AI-driven insights and automated sales enablement workflows and
                   enhancing our CRM integrations accordingly.


                   We also actively integrated agentic AI-led motions capabilities across several stages of our
                   demand gen life cycle, which has helped us to improve productivity, reduce manual
                   interventions and deliver better ROI-driven outcomes for our clients and customers. The strategy
                   for FY27 evolves making the core demand gen business or the engine more robust through
                   automation, implementing a digital workforce model.


                   We've done a round pilots with selected 4 customers in this last year, FY '26, which has already
                   yielded better conversion percentages, and we hence plan to scale these efforts meaningfully
                   throughout the next year. Global technology spending trends and geopolitical tensions, as we
                   know, particularly in West Asia, continue to create near-term uncertainty for the overall industry.


                   That said, we believe Denave is well positioned to benefit from the long-term transition towards
                   AI enablement and outcome-based sales engagement models, and we remain watchful of how
                   the situation evolves. That's all from my end. I will now hand the call to Mrs. Elizabeth Jacob:,
                   CEO of Athena. Elizabeth, over to you, please.


Elizabeth Jacob:   Thank you, Sunil. Good morning, everyone. The company witnessed a meaningful impact on
                   the revenue due to the full year effect of the loss of 2 major customers and the downsizing of
                   operations by another customer during financial year '25 and earlier. This created a significant
                   revenue headwind that was difficult to offset in the short term.


                   Importantly, no new customers were lost during financial year '26. Despite the challenging
                   environment, we added 4 significant new logos during the year, one each in the real estate and
                   the consumer durables segment and 2 in the BFSI segment. In addition, the pipeline across newer
                   verticals is more active than it has been in some time, providing early visibility for future growth
                   opportunities.


                   Revenue for FY '26 stood at INR113 crores as compared to INR136 crores in financial year '25
                   and EBITDA declined to INR23 crores from INR35 crores. The sharper decline in EBITDA
                   relative to revenue reflects the operating leverage nature of the business where costs take time
                   to realign following revenue contraction.


                   In response, Athena has proactively accelerated efforts to diversify its client base beyond BFSI
                   into sectors such as health care, retail and real estate, thereby reducing concentration risks and
                   broadening revenue streams. As a result, the BFSI concentration reduced from 86% in financial
                   year '25 to 81% in financial year '26.


                   We believe that this diversification strategy is beginning to show encouraging early results.
                   Technology transformation remains a key strategic focus area for the company following the
                   successful completion of earlier Agentic AI voice bot proof-of-concept, we are now witnessing
                   increased client interest in AI-enabled customer engagement and sales support solutions.


                   Our objective is to progressively integrate AI-led automation tools across client processes to
                   improve efficiency, enhance customer experience and maintain cost competitiveness in an


                                            Page 7 of 16

[[PAGE 9 / 17]]
                                                                                                   Updater Services Limited
                                                                                                             May 29, 2026

                            operating environment that continues to evolve rapidly. We are also very excited to have recently
                            won 2 contracts for Agentic AI solutions. So while we've had a very tough year, we are seeing
                            early signs of turnaround and are cautiously hopeful of a recovery here on. I will now hand over
                            the call back to Mr. Amitabh Jaipuria: to give an update on Matrix.


Amitabh Jaipuria:           Thanks, Elizabeth. So I won't take too much more time because then we'll hear from Ram on the
                            financials. So basically, in Audit and Assurance, we did see some challenges during the year.
                            One large customer has reduced their spending. But apart from that, the other logos did well.


                            We have also won 12 large clients across FMCG, retail, quick commerce and manufacturing,
                            and also added within this 4 large Sensex-listed companies, which is a strong endorsement of
                            the quality of the supply chain and retail audit capabilities. We remain excited about the growth
                            trajectory of A&A and are internally reorganizing it around customer and industry verticals.


                            We are also in the process of building a dedicated sales and marketing team to accelerate growth.
                            Within the EBGC business, which is our employee background verification business, as we have
                            been guiding over the last for almost 5 or 6 quarters now that we are seeing continued softness
                            in IT hiring, ITES hiring, and that continues.


                            Recruitment volumes have been particularly impacted in these segments. BFSI, which had taken
                            up some of the slack earlier, also has turned a little soft. Focus is now on efficiency and profitable
                            growth rather. And the idea is to automate as much of the internal processes as we can to speed
                            up our turnaround time and to reduce costs.


                            The other piece is really in terms of the technology platform that is getting created for this. So
                            to summarize broadly, despite near-term sector-specific challenges in certain businesses, the
                            long-term outlook for the BSS segment remains positive. And our strategic focus continues to
                            be on technology enablement.


                            AI-led transformation, efficiency and building scale. We have had a tough year, but we believe
                            we have turned the corner and this year promises to be better. The Q1 trends are also
                            encouraging. I will hand the call back to Raghu for concluding remarks before the financial
                            update. Raghu, over to you.


Raghunandana Tangirala: Yes. Thanks, Amitabh. To summarize, FY '26, it's been a year of strengthening our operational
                            foundation, improving business quality and building long-term capabilities across both our IFM
                            and BSS segments. We have navigated a set of challenges, some internal, some external with
                            transparency and discipline as we enter FY '27 in a stronger organizational position.


                            Our strategic priorities remain firmly centered around profitable and sustainable growth,
                            sustained margin improvement across businesses, strong cash flow generation and capital
                            discipline, improvement in return on capital employed, technology-led operational excellence
                            across verticals.


                            We continue to see strong structural opportunities across core sectors, driven by increasing
                            outsourcing, workforce formalization, compliance requirement under the new labor code, GCC



                                                      Page 8 of 16

[[PAGE 10 / 17]]
                                                                                    Updater Services Limited
                                                                                              May 29, 2026

               expansion manufacturing sector growth and rising demand for integrated service delivery
               partners.


               These are multiyear tailwinds, and we believe UDS is well positioned to capture a rightful share
               of this opportunity. We also remain disciplined in our capital allocation approach with a healthy
               balance sheet and a net cash position. We continue to evaluate value-accretive acquisition
               opportunities that complement our existing capabilities, improve margin quality and
               strengthening our long-term growth prospects.


               Given our diversified client base, scalable operating platform, strong execution track record and
               increasing technology integration across businesses, we believe UDS is well positioned to
               deliver steady, profitable growth and create long-term value for all our stakeholders. I would
               now like to hand over the call to our CFO, Ram Praveen, to take you through the financial
               performance for Q4 and FY '26. Over to you, Ram.


Ram Praveen:   Thank you, Raghu, and good morning, everyone. I'm certainly pleased to be here in my first
               earnings call of UDS and looking forward to be engaging with you on a regular basis. I'll take
               you through the financial highlights of Q4 FY '26 and full year FY '26. Let us first talk about the
               Q4 FY '26 performance.


               The total revenue from operations for Q4 grew by 3% year-over-year to INR750 crores in FY
               '26 as compared to INR726 crores in FY '25. The IFM segment grew 5% year-over-year to
               INR515 crores, while BSS slightly degrew by 1% year-over-year to INR235 crores. The revenue
               split between IFM and BSS stood in the same range of 69% to 31%, respectively. EBITDA for
               Q4 stood at INR49 crores.


               While EBITDA margin standing at 6.6%. I want to do at a segment level, IFM segment EBITDA
               stood at 4.4%, while the BSS stood at 11.5%. The overall PAT is at INR27 crores for the Q4 FY
               '26. Switching over to FY '26 full year performance. For the full year, the total revenue from
               operations grew 7% year-over-year to INR2,960 crores.


               The IFM segment grew 10% year-over-year to INR1,995 crores and the BSS segment grew 1%
               to INR966 crores. The revenue split for the year between these 2 segments, IFM and BSS stood
               in the ratio of two-third and one-third ratio. The adjusted EBITDA after taking this onetime loss
               due to Avon incident for the year stood at INR176 crores with the adjusted EBITDA margin
               standing at 5.9%.


               At a segment level, IFM segment margin stood at 4.5%, while BSS stood at 8.8%. The overall
               PAT is at approximately INR83 crores for the full year. Adjusted return on capital employed is
               at 14.9%. As Mr. Raghu mentioned, on the balance sheet, UDS continues to remain a net cash
               company, which is good on a long-term basis.


               Net debt to equity stood at negative 0.24 as of 31st March 2026, reflecting our strong cash
               generation and disciplined capital management. On headcount, we have crossed 25,586 with
               59,000-odd coming from IFM segment and close to 16,000 in the BSS segment. During the year,
               as Ms. Elizabeth and Mr. Sunil mentioned, we have added good logos in the BSS segment as
               well as in the IFM segment.

                                        Page 9 of 16

[[PAGE 11 / 17]]
                                                                                               Updater Services Limited
                                                                                                         May 29, 2026

                         Reflecting continued strong strength of our business development pipeline and trusted clients in
                         our UDS platform on a continuous basis. While we spoke about the financial performance, I just
                         want to highlight a few of the initiatives or I would say, imperatives being undertaken to improve
                         the overall operational efficiency across the UDS Group.


                         One of the first one is on the governance. Strengthening governance across the group through
                         tighter controls and standardized process is being taken up. On FP&A, as we progress through
                         the latest technologies, we believe transforming FP&A through advanced analytics and deeper
                         business insights is critical for any value-driven strategic decision-making.


                         Shared services is always in the cards and structuring the shared services across key departments
                         of finance, procurement, payroll to drive process standardization, scalability and cost
                         optimization across the entities. Last but not the least, technology and AI play a critical role
                         across all industries and UDS is also witnessing the same as explained by Ms. Elizabeth and Mr.
                         Sunil.


                         We continue to invest in AI-led technologies across all the group entities so that it helps us to
                         grow to a scalable level. And also, I want to bring these few thoughts. bringing in senior
                         leadership into UDS Group like me and Mr. Amitabh, demonstrates clearly the management's
                         strong commitment to build a robust systems, controls and IT infrastructure. As a CFO,
                         allocating good capital for AI-led investments will ensure sustainable growth and be relevant
                         and competitive in the market. With that, I would like to open the floor for questions.


Moderator:               Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is
                         from the line of Viraj Shah from Turtle Investments.


Viraj Shah:              Sir, the question is the company currently has around INR450 crores of cash on books. How do
                         you plan to capitalize this and utilize this towards acquisitions or what is the plan going forward?


Amitabh Jaipuria:        So Raghu, may I?


Raghunandana Tangirala: Yes, please.


Amitabh Jaipuria:        Yes. So Viraj, thanks for that question. Yes, as we have continuously maintained that we are a
                         cash- generating company, and our net debt is 0. So we plan to utilize this cash. So all options
                         are in front of the Board. Acquisitions, of course, remain the primary use of this cash.


                         At the same time, the Board will consider options to also reward loyal shareholders in the future
                         and to invest for internal organic growth. So Ram mentioned about AI and technology. He also
                         mentioned about talent. So technology and talent are really the 2 uses of this cash for internal
                         organic growth.


                         There is acquisitions, which is inorganic growth. And then there is also in terms of rewarding
                         shareholders. So between these 3 is really where this cash will be deployed. And what exact
                         ratio, I can't tell you right now because that's really a Board decision. But you will see us move
                         forward on all 3 as this year progresses. So that would be -- yes, that would be the answer.




                                                 Page 10 of 16

[[PAGE 12 / 17]]
                                                                                        Updater Services Limited
                                                                                                  May 29, 2026

Viraj Shah:         Sir, also on Athena, we have been seeing losses of certain clients. Are we witnessing any early
                    signs of recovery in that business? And what kind of margins would be at a normal steady state?
                    Any color from that side?


Amitabh Jaipuria:   Yes. So we have my colleague, Elizabeth, also on the call. And so as she explained, the major
                    customer losses have completely stopped. So these losses were in FY '25 and earlier. And as she
                    explained, the impact of some of those rolled through during this year as well. That is why you
                    saw a decline in revenue.


                    As she mentioned, we have also got 4 new logos in areas which are non-BFSI as well. So our
                    BFSI concentration has dropped from 86% to 81%, as she mentioned. Our margins have also
                    stabilized in the region of about 19% to 20% and this is in terms of financial EBITDA. And we
                    are seeing that holding.


                    The key piece for Athena now is, one, to diversify its customer base and grow, two, to reach
                    scale with its agentic AI work. So as she mentioned, we have -- right now, we are in POC stages
                    and encouraging results with 3 or 4 customers, and we will update you in our next earnings call
                    in terms of how those are moving forward. But those are the 2 key pieces for Athena.


                    We remain very bullish about this business. And what we are also seeing is that the entire
                    conversation about how bots will take over humans' jobs in this segment hasn't quite played out
                    in this part of the business because we are in the outcalling sales and revenue-related businesses
                    as we have repeatedly talked about in our previous calls.


                    So there, this has not happened, and we don't see it happening because there is a persuasion
                    element that is involved. So -- but we are staying ahead of the curve, as she mentioned in her
                    speech as well, by doing our own agentic AI deployments. So I think that should give you enough
                    color on Athena.


Moderator:          The next question is from the line of Vivek Desai from Investec.


Vivek Desai:        So my question -- I had a few questions. The first one being that you gave an overview of the
                    overall -- the performance of all the verticals. But BSS vertical had the sharpest decline in
                    revenue this quarter among the last 7, 8 quarters, but margins stood strong. And you also pointed
                    out that it was due to the optimization efforts?


                    So if you could throw some light on what was done in the BSS vertical in terms of operations to
                    give some color on the revenue decline and the margin expansion, that would be great. And the
                    quarterly performance of Athena and Denave, if you can give the numbers, if possible, on the
                    margin and revenue. That was pertaining to BSS?


                    Second one was on the IFM vertical, wherein in Q2, we had mentioned that we are taking up
                    some large deals. And because of that, we have some front-loading of expenses happening. So
                    where are we on that? And how do we see that panning out in numbers going forward? And the
                    last question was on the operating expenses, the other operating expenses, which have declined
                    sharply in this quarter on a Y-o-Y basis. So if there is something to note over there, something
                    particularly happening this quarter, that will be great?


                                               Page 11 of 16

[[PAGE 13 / 17]]
                                                                                         Updater Services Limited
                                                                                                   May 29, 2026

Amitabh Jaipuria:   So let me start with the BSS piece, right? So you're right, our growth slowed down this year. But
                    if you adjust for the Avon episode and the Athena decline, so the Athena revenue has declined
                    by almost about INR25 crores over last year. So last year, we were at INR140 crores total
                    income.


                    And this year, we are at INR116 crores, INR117 crores, right? So there is a INR25 crores decline
                    there, and we've explained why that has happened. But Denave has actually grown 11% during
                    the year, right? So Denave is the largest part of our business, as you know. So Denave has shown
                    strong growth. Athena has declined.


                    We have explained the reasons. Avon Transport, the business itself has shut, right? This was the
                    episode that the situation that we encountered and the hit that we have taken. So that division
                    was INR40 crores last year. You take that out basically because that has contributed to that
                    declined number. If you adjust for that, Avon Solutions, which is the non-transport part of the
                    Avon business has also grown 11%, right?


                    And Global Flight Handling has grown 30% during the year, right? So if you account for
                    Athena's decline and the shutting of Avon Transport, the other 3 core businesses, which is Global
                    Flight Handling, up 30%, Denave up 11% and Avon Solutions also up 11%. Matrix, which is
                    the other part, has been flat. And I gave some commentary earlier in terms of that one large
                    customer in A&A and the continued softness in hiring.


                    So Matrix is flat, but Denave, strong growth, Avon Solutions, strong growth, Global, very strong
                    growth. So that's the color on growth as far as BSS is concerned. And that is what gives us
                    confidence to believe that in FY '27, current year, we will continue the momentum. Also because
                    the Athena decline has also been arrested.


                    We are seeing signs in Q1, for example, right? On the IFM part, you talked about some contracts
                    that we had where costs were more front-loaded. So you're absolutely right. So this year, in the
                    UDS stand-alone numbers, you will see a decline in our PAT number. And that decline builds
                    in some of that EPC and ECL-related provisions that we have taken on just to be extra prudent
                    because we did see that coming.


                    And also, you have to remember that in last year's numbers, there was a INR9 crores non-
                    business-related income because there was a revaluation of our stake in two companies of
                    Aubotz and what we had to pay to Athena. So if you reduce that INR9 crores, then our last year's
                    IFM number, especially in UDS, I'm talking about UDS particularly, was actually INR78 crores.
                    And this year, there is a INR19 crores decline.


                    And out of that INR19 crores, basically, you will see about INR12 crores, INR13 crores because
                    of the front-loading of costs and also because of ECL and the EPC provisions that we have taken.
                    The balance numbers are basically because of a reduction in interest income in UDS standalone,
                    you see that, and that is what rolls through to the group as well.


                    And there is also a INR4 crores hit that we have taken at UDS level and overall a INR5 crores
                    number on the wage code liabilities that we have taken on board. So that is what has contributed



                                            Page 12 of 16

[[PAGE 14 / 17]]
                                                                                           Updater Services Limited
                                                                                                     May 29, 2026

                      to that decline. But with this, the cleanup is largely done. And this year is a clean year in terms
                      of how we have started. So that's really the color on that.


                      You asked a question on EBITDA margins as well as on overall PAT margins. So yes, I mean,
                      we have had some challenges. But largely, if you look at Global, for example, huge turnaround
                      in margins. We talked about it moving from 3% to 6%, right? And we have also looked at good
                      movement in Fusion, which is our food catering business.


                      We are seeing that number go up from 6% to almost 8%. Margins in our Washroom Hygiene
                      Concepts business, which is also part of IFM are very steady at about 37%, 38%. So overall,
                      IFM has dropped, but that has dropped because of the reasons that I just talked about in UDS
                      standalone.


                      As far as overall Denave is concerned, margins have stabilized. So we saw a sharp decline earlier
                      over past years, and we gave commentary on that last year. But this year now, margins have
                      largely stabilized. We can now see growth on those margins, which Raghu also referred to.
                      Athena margins are very stable.


                      They are 20% plus, as I had spoken about earlier. Matrix margins are also now stable. So they
                      are in the 11%, 12% EBITDA range, and they are very stable. So that is really the BSS margin
                      profile that we have reported. So I hope that gives you a lot of color on these questions that you
                      had from Investec.


Moderator:            The next question is from the line of Priyam Shrivastava an Individual Investor.


Priyam Shrivastava:   I wanted to ask on IFM business. Despite, sir, there has been revenue growth, but the earnings,
                      it is earning low return on capital. So what are the steps company is taking to address this?


Amitabh Jaipuria:     So thanks for that question. So you're right. Growth is good because actually, we are ahead of
                      industry. So if you look at our overall growth in IFM, we are actually at a 10% over last year.
                      And if you look at the total also, we are at 7%. If you look at what our peers in the industry have
                      reported, we are actually well ahead of that. So that is correct.


                      The margins, the explanation was what I just spoke about for the Investec question, which was
                      the decline in the stand-alone UDS number by about INR19 crores. And that explanation I've
                      already talked about. So the go-forward action, onetime cleanup done, prudent provisioning
                      done. So that will not roll through this year.


                      We can see that. The lower interest income, frankly, interest income is a capital allocation
                      decision, right? So now we have Ram, who is also an expert at treasury management. We also
                      have a mountain of cash that we are sitting on. So interest income will go up.


                      But the fact is that we don't want to be measured by interest income because interest income is
                      a byproduct, right? Business income and what we do with that cash is really the important
                      questions. But this year, the year under reporting FY '26, interest income did go down. So that
                      was another reason why you see that falling through to our PAT line.




                                              Page 13 of 16

[[PAGE 15 / 17]]
                                                                                            Updater Services Limited
                                                                                                      May 29, 2026

                      And the other, of course, as we talked about, was the onetime wage code impact of almost INR5
                      crores plus for the entire group and INR4 crores for UDS. That, again, is not going to repeat. So
                      I think we are feeling good about where we are right now, even though this year's numbers, we
                      especially overall, if you look at it, because of Avon and because of the wage code impact, there
                      have been challenges.


Priyam Shrivastava:   Okay. Got it. My next question was the company has INR240 crores in net cash and INR450
                      crores, including mutual funds and FD. Why is the company not pursuing a buyback even at like
                      low valuations?


Amitabh Jaipuria:     So I will just answer with shades of what I mentioned earlier when somebody asked about what
                      will you do with this cash. So it's a similar thing. So we have uses for this cash in terms of
                      organic growth, in terms of inorganic growth and in terms of rewarding shareholders. That's
                      really the use for this cash.


                      Now what format rewarding the shareholders takes, that is a Board decision. I will not be able
                      to give you a more detailed answer on that in terms of what the Board will consider. But there
                      are primarily 2 routes. There is a share buyback route and there is a dividend route. It's up to the
                      Board to decide what they want to do.


                      That said, let me also say that we are in an industry and we are in a space where we believe there
                      are strong growth opportunities. And finally, at the end of the day, we don't see ourselves as not
                      having growth opportunities and therefore, having to return very large amounts of cash. So while
                      it's a Board decision, it will definitely figure in their conversations. But what exactly that will
                      mean this year, I'm unable to say, but it will happen. I mean some form of reward will happen,
                      whether it's dividend, whether it's share buyback, whatever that might be.


Moderator:            The next question is from the line of Kushal Maheshwari from Verb.


Kushal Maheshwari:    Am I audible?


Amitabh Jaipuria:     Yes.


Kushal Maheshwari:    I just had one question. So how much of FY '27 revenue is already visible through existing
                      contracts?


Amitabh Jaipuria:     So Kushal, that's a great question. Normally, what tends to happen is that when you start the
                      year, you start with about 80%, 85% visibility and you build the balance 15% or thereabouts,
                      right? And that is exactly what has happened this year as well, and we are clearly seeing that.
                      So we have visibility of between 85% and 90%. The balance 10% or thereabouts, we'll have to
                      find.


Moderator:            The next question is from the line of Diksha from Siddhant Partners. Please go ahead.


Mehul:                Yes. Hi, Mehul from Siddhant Partners. Just if you can help us on the guidance for the next year
                      in terms of revenue and EBITDA, the breakup in terms of IFM and BSS, how are you looking
                      at for FY '27?


                                               Page 14 of 16

[[PAGE 16 / 17]]
                                                                                         Updater Services Limited
                                                                                                   May 29, 2026

Amitabh Jaipuria:   So we are encouraged by what we see in the early signs in April and May. But at this point in
                    time, I would avoid a formal guidance in terms of where we are going to go. The pipeline is
                    healthy, and we do believe that we will grow ahead of industry.


                    Last year, if you look at it, industry has grown at under 6%. So all our peers, if you look at the
                    growth numbers, somebody has reported 5.3%, somebody has reported 5.7%, somebody has
                    reported a decline of 3%, right? And one competitor because of large overseas revenues has
                    reported a growth. So we are actually ahead of the India pack.


                    We believe we will continue to be ahead of the India pack, and that's really all I can say. I don't
                    want to give you formal guidance right now, Mehul. But at the end of our Q1 call, we will have
                    much clearer visibility in terms of where we are headed. And with our Q1 earnings call, we hope
                    to give you some kind of an indication of where we will end the year.


Mehul:              Okay. That helps, sir. Next was on the acquisition. In the past few quarters, we have been
                    referring to some acquisition wherein it was towards final stages of negotiation. So is it still on
                    or the deal is off?


Amitabh Jaipuria:   So it is still on. The conversations have taken longer than what we had envisaged. The DD is
                    almost closed, but there are other negotiating items that are right now being done. At this point
                    in time, we cannot guarantee that a deal will happen, but we remain cautiously hopeful.


Mehul:              Understood. Understood. And sir, last one is in the initial -- I missed the initial portion of the
                    call, wherein the breakup was given for BSS in terms of Denave, Athena and Matrix. If someone
                    can just repeat that breakup in terms of revenue and EBITDA, that would help, sir?


Amitabh Jaipuria:   For the full year?


Mehul:              Yes, for the full year. So FY '26, some breakup was given, but I could not note it down. So the
                    breakup between that, that will be helpful?


Amitabh Jaipuria:   So Denave revenue was at INR590 crores. Athena revenue was at INR116.8 crores. Matrix
                    revenue was at INR128.6 crores. Overall BSS was at INR968 crores. That was the revenue for
                    this year. This year in the sense, FY '26.


Mehul:              FY '26, correct. And in terms of EBITDA, sir?


Amitabh Jaipuria:   So EBITDA, we basically have -- I can give you the numbers. So Denave EBITDA was at INR26
                    crores. Athena EBITDA was at INR24 crores. Matrix was at INR15 crores. Overall BSS was at
                    INR68 crores.


Moderator:          Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question of the day. And I would now like to hand the
                    conference over to the management for closing comments.


Amitabh Jaipuria:   Raghu, over to you.




                                            Page 15 of 16

[[PAGE 17 / 17]]
                                                                                             Updater Services Limited
                                                                                                       May 29, 2026

Raghunandana Tangirala: Yes. Thank you. Thank you all of you. We expect to give you better numbers in the next first
                           quarter, but that's not something which we can commit now. So thank you for all the questions.
                           Thank you for participating.


Moderator:                 Thank you. On behalf of Updater Services Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you
                           for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines.




                                                  Page 16 of 16

