[[PAGE 1 / 17]]
                                                                                        Redefining Business
                                                                                                    Services

November 12, 2025
 To:                                                   To:
 BSE Limited (BSE)                                     National Stock Exchange of India Limited
 Corporate Relationship Department                     (NSE)
 Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,                            Listing Department
 25th Floor, Dalal Street,                             Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1,
 Mumbai - 400001                                       G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra
                                                       (East),
                                                       Mumbai — 400051

 BSE Scrip Code: 543996                                NSE Code: UDS


Dear Sir/Madam,

Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call for the Quarter and Half Year Ended September
30, 2025.

This is further to our letter dated November 06, 2025, whereby the company submitted the
link to the Audio Recording of the Earnings Call for the Quarter and Half Year Ended September
30, 2025.

Pursuant to Regulation 30 (6) read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations
and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015, the transcript of the said Earnings Call held
on November 06, 2025, is enclosed as Annexure.

You are requested to kindly take the above on record.

Yours faithfully,

For Updater Services Limited
SANDH Digitally
      by SANDHYA
                signed


YA    Date: 2025.11.12
      19:02:27 +05'30'
Sandhya Saravanan
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
A66942




                         Updater Services Limited (earlier Updater Services Pvt Ltd)
                1st Floor, No.42, Gandhi Mandapam Road, Kotturpuram, Chennai - 600085
                +91 44 2446 3234 I 0333 I sales@uds.in I facility@uds.in I www.uds.in I
                                     CIN L74140TN2003PLC051955



             Our Values: happy people I clear purpose I better everyday I do good I balance all

[[PAGE 2 / 17]]
                          “Updater Services Limited
           Q2 & H1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call”
                               November 06, 2025


      E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio
       recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 6th November 2025 will prevail




MANAGEMENT: MANAGEMENT:
  •     Mr. Raghunandana Tangirala – Managing Director – Updater Services Limited
  •     Mr. Amitabh Jaipuria – Non-Executive Director – Updater Services Limited
  •     Ms. Jigyasa Sharma – Chief Financial Officer – Updater Services Limited
  •     Mr. Snehashish Bhattacharjee – Chief Executive Officer of BSS Segment




                                          Page 1 of 16

[[PAGE 3 / 17]]
                                                                                               Updater Services Limited
                                                                                                   November 06, 2025

Moderator:                 Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Updater Services Limited Q2 and H1 FY
                           '26 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode
                           and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should
                           you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then
                           zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.


                           I now hand the conference over to Raghunandana Tangirala. Thank you, and over to you, sir.


Raghunandana Tangirala: Yes. Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and a warm welcome. Today on this call, joining me
                           is Jigyasa Sharma, our Executive Director; Amitabh Jaipuria, our Non-Executive Director;
                           Snehashish, CEO of BSS; Surinder, CFO of Denave; and our SGA team who are our Investor
                           Relationship team. I trust you have received the investor deck. And if not, it's also available on
                           our website and the stock exchange portals.


                           Now I'd like to share an update on the IFM segment. During the quarter, we added about 14
                           clients in the IFM segment and 11 new clients in the BSS segment. In H1 of FY '26, our
                           Integrated Facilities Management, the IFM business recorded a 10% year-on-year revenue
                           growth to INR9,608 million. EBITDA stood at about INR476 million. Margins and growth
                           during the period were impacted by a few transitory factors.


                           The quarter saw the addition of several new contracts that are highly strategic in nature,
                           strengthening our long-term position with key clients and expanding our presence             across
                           focused sectors. These contracts have resulted in upfronting the employee operational costs as
                           many are still in the ramp-up phase and have not yet reached their full revenue potential.


                           We expect profitability and growth momentum to normalize as these contracts stabilize and
                           reach full revenue potential. We continue to shift towards a more private sector-driven client
                           mix and will take government contracts very selectively. This is a conscious and strategic move
                           as private sector contracts generally offer better margins.


                           Our focus remains on pursuing high-quality opportunities that enhance profitability and
                           strengthen our overall resilience of our revenue base. Our focus going forward will be driving
                           profitable growth by improving client level profitability, optimizing manpower deployment
                           through our technology-led interventions and enhancing cash flow discipline.


                           We are also pursuing margin accretive opportunities in specialized services and integrated
                           contracts, which should support a steady recovery in our profitability in the coming quarters.
                           Looking ahead, we are targeting 10%, 12% revenue growth in the IFM segment.


                           This is further supported by several industry tailwinds, including increasing GCC investment,
                           manufacturing growth under Make in India, surge in e-com logistics and warehouse needs and
                           accelerated outsourcing of noncore operations. I'd like to share an update on Global, Avon and
                           other BSS subsidiaries.


                           During the quarter, global flight handling saw a temporary slowdown. This is due to multiple
                           flight cancellations and reduction in flights due to bad monsoon, which also led to short-term



                                                     Page 2 of 16

[[PAGE 4 / 17]]
                                                                                                Updater Services Limited
                                                                                                    November 06, 2025

                            suspension of flights at a few airports such as Vizag, Ayodhya, Balanagar, Khajuraho.
                            Operations normalized by September.


                            While Q2 performance was slightly below expectations, we achieved several important
                            milestones, including obtaining ASTI license for BCAS and for MoCA, conducting multiple
                            AVSEC training programs and 100% pass rate and securing IATA Authorized Training Centre
                            accreditation. We also initiated security audits for leading airlines and expect further training
                            approvals soon.


                            Looking ahead, we anticipate stronger performance in the second half of the year, supported by
                            resumption of flight operations, growing training demand and new client wins. Now I would
                            like to share an update on Avon, an amount of 280 million, which has come under review
                            primarily due to lapses in thorough due diligence for a few customers.


                            While this has resulted in certain receivables coming under stress, the company has already
                            initiated an independent investigation and taken conservative provisions of 30 million. We are
                            actively working with our legal team to recover the maximum amount possible. Other internal
                            controls and vendor verification processes have been significantly strengthened to prevent any
                            such recurrence.


                            Now I would like to hand the call over to Snehashish, our CEO of BSS segment, to give a brief
                            on the update of Denave, Athena and Matrix. Over to you, Snehashish.


Snehashish Bhattacharjee: Thank you, Raghu. Thank you, everyone, for joining the call. I would like to brief you on each
                            BSS segment individually, starting with Denave. During the second quarter, Denave worked
                            through a tough operating environment. The second quarter performance was largely driven by
                            continued strength in our field operations services across both managed and non-managed
                            segments.


                            We witnessed some sluggishness from one of our large customers in the demand generation
                            segment, along with some temporary softness in site sales and digital marketing due to both
                            client delivery schedules as well as some other factors. Despite these challenges, the team
                            effectively mitigated part of the impact through focused cost optimization measures and margin
                            discipline.


                            We also made encouraging progress on our AI-led initiatives, including the Intellibank platform
                            and demand gen through agentic AI pilots, which are gaining traction across some of our global
                            technology clients. With a sharper focus on operational efficiencies and high-quality pipeline
                            conversion in the second half, Denave remains well positioned to deliver a resilient performance
                            despite the prevailing cautious environment in the global tech sector.


                            Moving on to Athena. Athena continued to navigate the evolving technology landscape with
                            resilience, while the increasing adoption of AI has impacted certain client segments, the business
                            has maintained stable margins. More importantly, Athena is broadening its client base beyond
                            BFSI into new sectors such as education, retail and real estate to diversify its revenue streams.




                                                     Page 3 of 16

[[PAGE 5 / 17]]
                                                                                              Updater Services Limited
                                                                                                  November 06, 2025

                         We are also leveraging technology as a key enabler for us. We have successfully completed a
                         proof of concept for a dynamic outbound AI voice bot with one of our clients. The initiative
                         marks an important step in our digital transformation journey, and we intend to progressively
                         deploy such AI voice solutions across our client base to enhance efficiency and service delivery,
                         helping us remain cost competitive in this ever-evolving market environment.


                         Now moving on to the EBGC and A&A business of Matrix. First, I would like to give an update
                         on our growing Audit and Assurance business. A&A delivered a steady performance during the
                         quarter. We have also forayed into fixed asset verification, a high-margin area that allows us to
                         move up the value chain.


                         During the quarter, we also onboarded 13 new vendors to strengthen our last mile auditing
                         capabilities, taking the total to 60. This will help us reduce transit costs going forward. A&A
                         segment continues to expand its client base, having added 4 Sensex listed companies, which
                         include Airtel, HUL, Reliance and Eternal during the quarter.


                         While there is some near-term impact on margins due to ongoing investments in technology and
                         talent, we expect margins to improve as these initiatives begin to contribute meaningfully.
                         Additionally, the upcoming GST reform is likely to drive increased audit activity from Q3 FY
                         '26 onwards, which should support future growth momentum.


                         Moving to the EBGC business. The environment remains challenging due to significant
                         spending cuts by IT companies amid uncertain demand outlook. Large-scale layoff across major
                         Indian and global IT firms have further impacted hiring activity. Additionally, a few large MNC
                         clients have temporarily frozen hiring due to some internal IT infrastructure constraints. We are
                         also seeing a broader slowdown in recruitment across other formal sectors.


                         While the external environment remains beyond our control, we are focused on strengthening
                         our technology platforms to enhance data security and deliver faster, more reliable employee
                         background checks. We continue to lead the EBGC industry in turnaround times, reinforcing
                         our position as a trusted partner for our clients.


                         Now looking ahead for the BSS segment, while we recognize that certain challenges may persist
                         in the near term, we remain confident in our ability to navigate them effectively and expect a
                         soft landing as the situation begins to normalize. Our focus continues to be on building resilience
                         and adaptability across our BSS portfolio.


                         We are making proactive investments in technology and digital capabilities, which, while
                         impacting margins in the short term, are strategic in nature and expected to deliver meaningful
                         benefits over the long horizon. These initiatives will not only strengthen our competitive
                         positioning, but also enhance efficiency and client experience across our services.


                         Now I would like to hand the call back to Raghu to summarize the Q2 and H1 FY '26
                         performance and expectations going forward. Raghu, over to you.


Raghunandana Tangirala: Yes. Thank you, Snehashish. To summarize, as we look ahead, we remain confident in
                         improving our second half of this year as collection cycles normalize and one-off impacts seen


                                                  Page 4 of 16

[[PAGE 6 / 17]]
                                                                                            Updater Services Limited
                                                                                                November 06, 2025

                         in H1 will taper off. Several efficiency measures and client level initiatives are implemented
                         over the last 2 quarters and are starting to show results. We expect a stronger and more stable
                         performance going forward.


                         The issue at Avon is being managed carefully, and we are working with our legal team to recover
                         most of the amount under review. For the full year, we are targeting a consolidated revenue
                         growth of around 9%, 10%. And overall, facilities management and business service industry
                         continue to see strong structural growth, driven by increasing outsourcing and formalization.


                         With our scale and diversified client base and continued focus on technology - and execution
                         excellence, we believe UDS is well positioned to capitalize on these opportunities and deliver
                         steady profitable growth in the years ahead.




Amitabh Jaipuria:        So the core messages really being it's been a tough quarter. And especially for the BSS segment.
                         Snehashish has already spoken about plans to recover. Raghu has also touched upon Avon,
                         which has impacted results for this quarter.


                         The good story, the silver lining is that in the IFM segment, revenues are growing and the broad
                         idea of around 2x of economy broadly for the IFM segment is holding. So for the full year, we
                         will have 12%, 13% growth in the IFM segment, which is twice the economic growth rate. The
                         BSS will get back on track.


                         I think those are the key messages that we would like to leave our investors with, and we can
                         open up for questions.


Moderator:               Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question
                         is from the line of Nitin Padmanabhan from Investec.


Nitin Padmanabhan:       I wanted your thoughts on what has actually driven the lower margins for the BSS business?
                         Because you did mention that Athena margins have remained stable. So what within the portfolio
                         is driving the lower margin here? And how should we think about margins in this segment going
                         forward?


Amitabh Jaipuria:        So Raghu, may I?


Raghunandana Tangirala: Yes, please.


Amitabh Jaipuria:        Yes. Okay. So thanks for your question. So you're right, Athena margins have held largely what
                         they were. There's a minor dip, but not material. The core area where margins have dropped,
                         right, so because Denave was the largest part of the BSS area.


                         And in Denave, as Snehashish, my colleague mentioned, one large global customer, we were
                         doing a lot of work for them. We continue to do a lot of work for them. There, the spending --
                         their spending on marketing and on lead generation and qualification has dropped, and they have
                         tightened their expenditure across the world.



                                                  Page 5 of 16

[[PAGE 7 / 17]]
                                                                                          Updater Services Limited
                                                                                              November 06, 2025

                     Our exposure to that very large customer is very beneficial for the company, but has also resulted
                     in the margin squeeze that we have seen at Denave. The lower value-add businesses of Denave
                     continue to see good growth. The newer technology businesses are also shaping up well. It's this
                     middle part, which was a very large contributor to our margins. That is what is under some stress
                     in the first half.


                     We expect it to steady and to recover in the second half to an extent. Full margins of last year
                     will not come back this year. But -- so that is one core reason. So Denave slowdown in that
                     middle segment, especially with this one very large customer.


                     The other areas are -- Avon, we have already talked about. So that has also hit margins to an
                     extent. And the third reason is really the EBGC business that Snehashish talked about. We have
                     been giving this consistent commentary on EBGC now for the last 3 quarters. where the IT hiring
                     slowdown has impacted our numbers very strongly, the EBGC numbers.


                     And that slowdown we had expected, as we had spoken about in our last call and the previous
                     call, that slowdown was expected to ease up. But as we all know, as is being seen in the IT results
                     being declared by all the major companies, that slowdown is not bottoming out, and that
                     continues to be an issue.


                     So what we are doing about it is that we are expanding the non-IT exposure and trying to expand
                     to new customer bases and new segments in EBGC. Avon, we have talked about and stronger
                     controls will see that business get back on track. And as far as Denave is concerned, we are not
                     only in conversation with this large customer, but there as well. The attempt is to accelerate the
                     technology side and the attempt is to also accelerate and recover in the mid-segment.


                     The good story in the BSS segment is the global flight handling business in the sense that the
                     revenues have grown. Margins are still under pressure because we are still in the recovery phase
                     of capital because of the gestation period that you have when you start new airports. But if you
                     look at the first quarter, revenue has grown in global.


                     So I think that's really the story that we have. Denave revenues have grown. So in the first half,
                     almost 10% revenue growth is there, but the margin is under pressure. So Denave middle
                     business, Avon, we have talked about and EBGC business. These are the 3 large contributors to
                     the margin squeeze that you're seeing in the BSS business.


Nitin Padmanabhan:   Got it. So 2 things here. So one is, how are you thinking about growth in -- for BSS in the second
                     half? You did mention that Denave has grown 10%, but the overall -- so what's actually created
                     the drag on revenue if Denave has grown 10%. So what's brought it down to 1% year-on-year
                     growth? What's been the drag? So 2 parts to this. So one is Denave and second is how should
                     we think of growth for this business in the second half and going forward? Yes.


Amitabh Jaipuria:    So what's created the drag to an extent is really the Athena numbers. So Athena has declined and
                     Avon has declined. So those are the 2 pieces which have created the drag.


Nitin Padmanabhan:   Yes. And how should we think about it in the second half?



                                              Page 6 of 16

[[PAGE 8 / 17]]
                                                                                         Updater Services Limited
                                                                                             November 06, 2025

Amitabh Jaipuria:    So in the second half, we are expecting that...


Nitin Padmanabhan:   Or at least overall growth for the year or the annual growth for the year, what is your assumption
                     right now? Where do you think...


Amitabh Jaipuria:    So the overall growth for the year as far as BSS is concerned, from the 1.5% or thereabouts right
                     now, we will be looking at roughly about 3%, 3.5% for BSS, and it won't grow beyond that. And
                     we will be looking at a strong growth on IFM of roughly about 15%. So overall, we will -- Raghu
                     has already mentioned in his speech, we'll be looking at a growth number of between 9% and
                     10% for the year.


Moderator:           The next question is from the line of Deep Shah from B&K Securities.


Deep Shah:           Sir, one question is, so we appreciate the qualitative comments made on the different segments
                     within the BSS space. But if you could provide numbers, I think that would be much easy for us
                     to track, understand and even get into some more granular details. So I think that has been a
                     request for some time. So that's one, if you could provide numbers.


                     Second, we understand that you signed on some clients in IFM and which require upfront
                     investments. I think even last half year, we had the sign-ups and probably even this time we have
                     these. As a result, our cash conversion remains slightly poor. So by when do you think this will
                     normalize, the cycle will kick in off normalization and our cash flows will track EBITDA better?


                     And third question, if I may squeeze in, is what was the rationale for impairing or rather
                     provisioning for INR3 crores for Avon. The balance we are fairly certain that will recover? And
                     if yes, by what time? Or will we see sustained provisioning over the quarters as we realize more
                     certainty or uncertainty of that issue? That's it from my side.


Amitabh Jaipuria:    So we will be -- we are happy to provide more detail. We can give you a flavour right now in
                     the sense that -- so we mentioned that Athena has declined almost 20% in the first half. So that's
                     been a drag on the growth. Global has grown by about 30% revenue, so -- but it's a smaller
                     contribution. Avon has dropped by about 14% revenue. So that's really the mix that you are
                     seeing.


                     Matrix has dropped by a marginal 2%, 2.5% in terms of revenue. So that's the flavour on -- and
                     from the next time onwards, we will actually make it a part of our presentation itself. We'll give
                     you more visibility and transparency so that you can track the various segments separately.


                     As far as Avon is concerned, we have looked at the receivables position. We have looked at the
                     contracts that we have signed. And right now, an investigation is underway, as Raghu had
                     already mentioned, and as we have also mentioned in the statement that we have released.


                     So at this point in time, we are working to recover the amounts. You may see some more
                     provisioning. We are not sure at this point in time what the extent of that will be. But we do not
                     want to guide you to say that we are 100% sure that we will recover the entire amount. There
                     may be some more provisioning that you will see.




                                              Page 7 of 16

[[PAGE 9 / 17]]
                                                                                          Updater Services Limited
                                                                                              November 06, 2025

                    There is also a payable of INR5 crores, which you are seeing. So that, depending on the
                    investigation, may well result in a decision that, that is not payable and therefore, gets netted off
                    to some extent from the receivables value. So that entire set of contracts right now is under
                    intense scrutiny and investigation. And we are in touch with our legal team, as mentioned in the
                    opening remarks.


                    And depending on what the view is and what the conversation with those customers leads to,
                    we'll be able to give you clarity later in this quarter in Q3. So we expect this to crystallize over
                    the next few weeks.


Deep Shah:          Sure, sir. This is useful. On the cash flow part, sir, when should we see cash flows tracking
                    EBITDA?


Amitabh Jaipuria:   Yes. So what you're seeing is that as we have expanded the business because the IFM part of the
                    business has grown. So we right now have an additional commitment to working capital of
                    roughly about between INR50 crores and INR60 crores. So that is something that we are right
                    now cleaning up a lot of the AR pieces. So you will start seeing that show from this Q3 onwards.


                    The other piece is that you are seeing a dip in the cash because also of the fact that we have paid
                    off some of our loans. So you will see that almost -- Surinder correct me if I'm wrong, but INR30
                    crores, INR4 crores worth of loans have been paid off. So…


Surinder Kumar:     It's INR44 crores.


Amitabh Jaipuria:   INR44 crores. So INR44 crores of debt has been taken off the balance sheet as a prudent measure
                    and use of that cash. So that's the other piece that's contributing to the cash flow that you're
                    seeing, the reduction in the cash flow. So as I said, the AR piece, you'll start seeing results in
                    Q3. By the end of Q4, we would have cleaned up substantially.


Moderator:          The next question is from the line of Rahul Kumar from Vaikarya Fund.


Rahul Kumar:        Just wanted to confirm, so what is the upfront cost for the strategic contracts which have started
                    this quarter?


Amitabh Jaipuria:   You're asking about the annual contract values of these 25 customers that we have added. Is that
                    what you're asking?


Rahul Kumar:        No, I'm saying what are the upfront employee costs which you have booked in this quarter related
                    to these contracts?


Amitabh Jaipuria:   So I don't have an exact number, Rahul, but the -- see, the way these contracts get activated are
                    basically in 2 parts, right? So one is that there is some amount of upfront people that you need
                    to hire. And the second is that the full billing may or may not have happened during the same
                    quarter. So because you start hiring people, right? And then the contract reaches its full maturity
                    in about 2 to 3 months' time, especially the larger contracts. So that is where the issue is.


                    And there is also one very large customer in Delhi in the IFM space where manpower has been
                    deployed. We are beginning to see revenues and collections coming in now, and we will have

                                             Page 8 of 16

[[PAGE 10 / 17]]
                                                                                          Updater Services Limited
                                                                                              November 06, 2025

                    further clarity on that during this quarter. But that contract has also seen a deployment of people
                    ahead of the start of billing. So that's the mismatch that you're seeing, and that is what Raghu
                    alluded to.


                    The other reason that you are seeing -- the other piece that you're seeing here is also a change in
                    the mix. So that is what has also led to some extent on the contraction in the margins and the
                    increase in our people cost. Because what you're seeing there is growth, as I mentioned, even in
                    Denave on the slightly more people-heavy businesses, you are seeing growth. In UDS, of course,
                    in IFM, we are all people heavy, but you are seeing a deployment a little bit in advance.


                    The third reason why you're seeing a little bit of that contraction also -- I mean, I'm just
                    expanding on the answer so that for the benefit of all. The third reason also is that we have
                    entered into a few strategic contracts at slightly lower margins. But it's important because those
                    customers are giant customers.


                    And once you enter into those customers, the idea is that the business then expands and margins
                    stabilize. But to gain entry as you can even think of it almost like marketing cost, we have taken
                    some contracts at lower margins than we would have done otherwise. So those are the 3 pieces
                    that have contributed to this.


Rahul Kumar:        Okay. Okay. No I was referring to what you have mentioned in the presentation about the
                    strategic contract wins. Those relate to the IFM business, correct?


Amitabh Jaipuria:   Largely, yes.


Rahul Kumar:        Yes. So I just wanted to -- I mean, ballpark figure for whatever the extra staff cost you would
                    have incurred for these? I just wanted to figure?


Amitabh Jaipuria:   Rahul, I don't have that number readily available. I will send -- we will send it to you. Surinder
                    will be in touch. But a good question. I don't have that number with me right now.


Rahul Kumar:        Sure, sure. And for BSS segment, you reported the INR15 crores EBITDA, right? And if you
                    adjust for these incremental provision related to Avon. So INR18 crores is the normalized
                    EBITDA for this quarter or are there any more one-offs in this segment?


Amitabh Jaipuria:   So Surinder, do you want to take that? But yes, that INR3 crores is certainly sitting there. And
                    see, when you say normalize, you have to -- I mean, the normalization also will happen as far as
                    the other business headwinds that we have talked about, whether we have talked about Matrix
                    or whether we have talked about Denave.


                    So if you normalize for all of that, then I mean, last year, same H1, we had reported INR22.8
                    crores, INR23 crores of PAT for BSS, right? And so there is absolutely no reason why we would
                    not come back to that and start growing again. Once these 2 headwinds that we talked about, IT
                    hiring in India and this one large global customer, which is IT headwinds because that customer
                    is also in the IT space, IT headwinds globally.




                                             Page 9 of 16

[[PAGE 11 / 17]]
                                                                                            Updater Services Limited
                                                                                                November 06, 2025

                    Once those 2 headwinds settle down, Matrix and Denave performance, right, will pick up. And
                    we know that, that will happen. And Athena is basically a customer diversification story, where
                    we have to diversify our customer base and the team has started doing a good job of that, and
                    that's why margins are stable, as you will see.


                    And what we need to do there is to basically now pick up growth within the fintech space, I
                    mean, within the banks and the financial space, financial services space and outside. So that's
                    really what will help us get back on track. So -- but if you add that INR3 crores back, then yes,
                    then the dip would be about 15%. That would be attributed to the headwinds -- the global
                    headwinds in Denave and the India IT hiring headwinds in Matrix. You are right.


Rahul Kumar:        Okay. Okay. Sorry, again, are there any additional one-off or kind of provision or etc., those
                    kind of figures, which have dampened the margin in Q2 or Q1, which are not related to, let's
                    say, business, but more of a one-off kind of...


Amitabh Jaipuria:   Surinder, do you want to talk about that because the Avon number is definitely there. But apart
                    from that, Surinder, any other one-offs that we have taken?


Surinder Kumar:     No, not in BSS division. BSS segment, there is no one-offs which we can call out.


Rahul Kumar:        And second question would be on the IFM business. I think in 1H, if you see the overall margins
                    are 5% taking into account the strategic wins which you have done this quarter, what is the kind
                    of margins do we expect in, let's say, over the next 3 to 4 quarters?


Amitabh Jaipuria:   See, last year H1 PAT, right? If you look at it, we had roughly about 4% PAT in FY '25 H1. And
                    if you look at the full year picture, we had a 4.3% PAT in the last year, right? So right now, we
                    are tracking lower than that. This year will be lower, but because we have these issues to run
                    through. But we expect this to start tracking our earlier planned number of between 5% and 6%.
                    So that's the clear idea.


Rahul Kumar:        No, I get that. I was asking more with respect to the IFM business margins, which is 5% EBITDA
                    margin. I was asking what is the margin which you expect, taking into account the new wins,
                    etc.?


Amitabh Jaipuria:   Yes. So the full year margins will probably track where we are. Slight improvement will be there
                    in H2 over where we are in H1. So in H2, we are looking at close to 4% PAT percentage. This
                    year, right now in H1, we have given you a 3.4%, 3.5%. So from there, we do expect almost a
                    15% to 20% improvement in H2.


                    Going forward, the emphasis is to grow the higher-margin businesses within IFM and right now,
                    we are tracking well on that. So we have a small business called WHC, where we are seeing
                    margins of 25% plus, very stable and growing as well. So even though it's a very small business
                    for us, but it contributes meaningfully to the overall number in terms of profitability.


                    So the idea is to focus on that. The idea is to also now look at how we can grow existing
                    customers who are slightly higher margin. So let me explain that. We have communicated in the
                    past that almost 80% of our new revenue in IFM comes from existing customers. And the newer


                                                Page 10 of 16

[[PAGE 12 / 17]]
                                                                                           Updater Services Limited
                                                                                               November 06, 2025

                    wins are at lower margins, but the existing customers are at better margins. So the idea is to grow
                    them, right? So for the full year, you will expect a PAT number of around 4% on IFM.


Rahul Kumar:        Okay. I think you mentioned about PAT margins. Actually, I was asking more on the EBITDA
                    margin, which is 5% for the IFM business in 1H?


Amitabh Jaipuria:   It's the same translation will work. So it will go to about…


Moderator:          The next question is from the line of Yajash Mehta from Ionic.


Yajash Mehta:       Sir, just wanted to confirm when we said that we are looking to track about 9% to 10% of growth
                    for the financial year and IFM growth being higher and BSS, we're looking at 3% to 4%. So
                    when we come to the 3% to 4% number, are we seeing overall for the year, BSS vis-a-vis last
                    year would be 3% to 4% or just H2?


                    Secondly, I would also want to understand that, obviously, we are sitting on a lot of cash. And
                    given the fact that we've been very vocal about the fact that BSS is one segment which we will
                    grow by acquiring good players, right, and not loss-making companies and the leaders of the
                    various spaces. So I wanted to understand is acquisition something that we are contemplating in
                    the medium term? Or this is something that we will kind of give it a skip, say, for the next couple
                    of quarters?


Amitabh Jaipuria:   So as far as cash is concerned, we are going to use it prudently. And like you are seeing in terms
                    of paying back whatever debt we had, we have used cash for that. The additional cash
                    deployment and working capital is something that, again, I mentioned that we are going to look
                    at very, very seriously in terms of how less capital gets deployed in terms of customer receivables
                    because that's really the big part of capital deployment in an operating business like ours.


                    The balance cash, when we had raised money from the markets in '23, we had talked about an
                    acquisition, and we continue to scout the market. We are in fairly advanced conversation with
                    one particular target. And if that goes through, then you might hear something in the latter half
                    of this quarter or maybe in Q4, so -- depending on how the deal progresses.


                    So -- and that is in a value-added services space, and that is going to be a margin accretive to the
                    overall group. And also, that's a fairly substantial revenue number. If those conversations move
                    forward, this is not a forward-looking statement in the sense that we are not guaranteeing that
                    the deal will get done.


                    The other piece is that we have also been looking at the strategic organization of how we are
                    organized within the company. And we do realize that clubbing these kinds of businesses such
                    as ground handling and Avon along with Denave and Athena and Matrix is actually causing
                    some confusion in the minds of our investors. And therefore, we are looking at how to classify
                    these differently so that there is better quality information available to all of you.


                    And you will see some action around that in the latter half of this quarter. So that we are clearer
                    and something along the lines of platform-oriented reporting so that you understand what




                                              Page 11 of 16

[[PAGE 13 / 17]]
                                                                                                  Updater Services Limited
                                                                                                      November 06, 2025

                            headwinds impact which particular business and not the others. Because right now, BSS is a
                            combination of 5 different businesses.


Yajash Mehta:               Got it. And as I had also asked when we say 3% to 4% growth in BSS, are we just talking about
                            H2 of this financial year versus the H2 of last financial year? Or we are saying at the end of this
                            financial year, when we look back, we'll be able to say that for the financial year, BSS has grown
                            by 3% to 4%?


Amitabh Jaipuria:           So yes, closer to 5% maybe, but yes, so H2 will be around 4%, 5%. But given the weak H1, the
                            overall number will be around 4% for this year. But as I said, we'll start giving you more clarity
                            and more visibility into individual platforms. For example, sales enablement is a platform, which
                            includes Denave and Athena, right? And there are others in there. So we'll start giving that
                            transparency so that you can -- so that then you understand exactly what's growing and what's
                            not.


                            And next year, however, we are right now in the planning process. We do believe that a big
                            chunk of this growth will come back and BSS will again become a driver for us, but it does have
                            headwinds because it is impacted by technology to a greater extent than IFM is because the IFM
                            side of the business is less prone to technological disruption.


                            The BSS side, especially in sales enablement is more prone to that and the EBGC business,
                            which is the employee background verification business. These are 2 businesses that are prone
                            to technology disruption. We have not been disrupted as yet in very large parts of Denave's
                            business, but this one particular customer has been evaluating their spends, as I had mentioned
                            earlier. So yes, that's the growth forecast, I mean, right now and the visibility that we have.


Moderator:                  The next question is from the line of Amit Agicha from HG Hawa & CO.


Amit Agicha:                Sir, my question was -- many of the questions have already been asked, like the question which
                            I have is, what is the current churn rate like typical contract tenure?


Amitabh Jaipuria:           Raghu, do you want to take that in terms of typical contract tenure?


Raghunandana Tangirala: Yes. The tenure you were asking on the IFM side or on the BSS side.


Amit Agicha:                Both the sides?


Raghunandana Tangirala: Both. Okay. As an average because they are different contracts in the different businesses would
                            be about between 2 to 3 years.


Amit Agicha:                2 to 3 years.


Raghunandana Tangirala: Between 2 to 3 years would be the tenure of these contracts which we signed.


Amitabh Jaipuria:           Yes. At the same time, Amit, I would just like to qualify that a little bit by saying that as you --
                            as we have spoken about in our previous calls as well, we have had some very, very long-
                            standing relationships also. So we -- obviously, in such calls, we don't really take too many
                            names of customers and logos because that's inappropriate. But we have had relationships with

                                                    Page 12 of 16

[[PAGE 14 / 17]]
                                                                                                   Updater Services Limited
                                                                                                       November 06, 2025

                            some very large customers, which are now over 2 decades old, and we continue to supply
                            services to them.


                            Most customers would reevaluate contracts every 2, 3 years, as Raghu mentioned, and because
                            the quality of services and our familiarity with their businesses is so high in many of these cases,
                            we rewin these contracts. Also, the other fact here is the new business win rate from existing
                            customers, which as we have spoken in the past, is 70%, 80%.


                            So that, again, reinforces the longevity of these customers and these customer contracts, even
                            though on paper, these contracts will have a tenure. So the longest tenure contract that we have,
                            I think, is 7 years. But many of these contracts will have on paper tenure of just 1 year. Some
                            will have 2, some will have 3. And so it varies.


Amit Agicha:                Understood, sir. Sir, second question was can you give the attrition rate. What is the company's
                            total employee headcount and what is the attrition level versus the industry benchmark?


Amitabh Jaipuria:           So we have talked about -- our current headcount of roughly about 75,000, 74,500 is the number
                            that we have given you in the investor deck. And that number is growing, and that is what you
                            will also see to some extent reflected elsewhere. The churn rates remain high, and these churn
                            rates are really what the industry broadly is. See it is such a varied industry that finding out exact
                            churn rates is very, very hard. But our churn rates, Raghu, would be in the region of about 4%
                            to 5% per month -- per month.


Raghunandana Tangirala: About 50% in the IFM segment and BSS is about 15% because BSS is more white collar. So the
                            attrition is that about 50% in the IFM segment. And if you -- I don't know exactly with authority,
                            I can't tell you the industry churn. My guess is at about 75% to 100% is the industry churn in the
                            IFM segment.


Amitabh Jaipuria:           So, we will be in line or slightly better than the industry, Amit, but exact numbers in this space
                            are slightly hard. About 4% per month, which is the 50% that Raghu talked about in IFM and in
                            BSS lower because they are more white collar.


Amit Agicha:                Sir, in the presentation like for Matrix and for -- the employees is 1,500 plus and Denave I think
                            the employees is not mentioned in the presentation?


Amitabh Jaipuria:           Sorry, your voice cracked very badly, Amit. I didn't understand that question.


Amit Agicha:                I'm saying, sir, the number of employees is already mentioned in the presentation. For Matrix, it
                            is 1,500 plus. For H&I, it is 3,000 plus. But for Denave, the number of employees is missing?


Raghunandana Tangirala: Sneha, you want to take this?


Snehashish Bhattacharjee: See, Denave our overall on-roll total count of employees would be between 7,000 to 7,500 at
                            this point of time, out of which a significant chunk is from the FMS business, which would be
                            about 5,500 to 6,000. So about 1,500 to 1,800 would be approximately the non-FMS business,
                            which is the demand gen and the marketing activation businesses that we have.


Amitabh Jaipuria:           So Amit, 7,000, 7,500 is the number, yes.

                                                     Page 13 of 16

[[PAGE 15 / 17]]
                                                                                                 Updater Services Limited
                                                                                                     November 06, 2025

Amit Agicha:               Okay. Sir, actually, I have a lot of questions, but I have sent you the e-mail so I would like to
                           get back to you later offline.


Amitabh Jaipuria:          Sure. Those are clean. We will revert to you.


Moderator:                 The next question is from the line of Anant Mundra from Mytemple Capital.


Anant Mundra:              Sir, my question was on the warehouse management and niche logistics business. Just want to
                           understand, has this business also seen a very heavy contraction year-on-year? Like it was doing
                           about INR25 crores, INR26 crores a quarter, which I think from whatever has been disclosed,
                           it's about INR10 crores, INR11 crores. And would that be attributable to the fact that we are
                           reviewing the processes in Avon? So that was my question.


Amitabh Jaipuria:          So that is absolutely correct because there is a niche logistics and a mailroom part for that
                           business, which continues to be very solid and continues to do well. The other area in terms of
                           transportation is really where -- which is a new line of business. It was there. It was always there,
                           but it was not focused upon. So that is where we are reevaluating because that's a very different
                           kind of business, and that's what we are reevaluating. So you're absolutely right.


Anant Mundra:              Got it. Got it. So that was -- I mean, contributing about INR15 crores a quarter to the top line?


Amitabh Jaipuria:          So it's not INR15 crores, slightly less, but yes, you're right.


Raghunandana Tangirala: No, it would be around that. It would be around INR15 crores per quarter.


Amitabh Jaipuria:          Yes. So last year, Avon revenue, if you really look at it, was INR102 crores, right? So yes, so
                           that's the INR7 crores, INR8 crores, INR8 crores per month kind of revenue number last year.
                           And this year is slightly lower, yes.


Moderator:                 The next question is from the line of Avnish Tiwari from Vaikarya.


Avnish Tiwari:             Did I hear correctly your PAT margin in H1 is 3.4% and for full year, you were talking about
                           the number. So can you talk about like overall basis, what kind of profit either in terms of rupees
                           crores range you are expecting or a margin level, what are you expecting on a profit -- overall
                           profit of the company?


Raghunandana Tangirala: So this is for Denave, right?


Amitabh Jaipuria:          No, he is talking of overall.


Avnish Tiwari:             Overall company.


Raghunandana Tangirala: Overall.


Amitabh Jaipuria:          So for the overall, as we had mentioned, right, it will be between -- it will be around 4% to 5%,
                           so up from the 3.4% that we have shown right now for H1.


Avnish Tiwari:             So this 4% to 5% would be for second half of '26 or the full year '26?



                                                    Page 14 of 16

[[PAGE 16 / 17]]
                                                                                                  Updater Services Limited
                                                                                                      November 06, 2025

Amitabh Jaipuria:           For the full year, it will be around 4%, yes, in that ballpark. But this is excluding exceptional
                            items, if there are any.


Avnish Tiwari:              Okay. And so in H1, which exceptional item we should exclude from this assessment of 4% for
                            the full year?


Amitabh Jaipuria:           So the INR3 crores that we have already talked about for Avon.


Avnish Tiwari:              Right. That's the only item we should keep aside, right?


Amitabh Jaipuria:           Surinder, that's what we are talking about, right? There's no other exceptionals.


Surinder Kumar:             Yes. In BSS segment, there's not a material exceptional item.


Amitabh Jaipuria:           And in IFM as well, right? Yes. So that's the answer. We will -- again, if there is anything worth
                            reporting, just send us an e-mail, we'll also send you some detail.


Avnish Tiwari:              Okay. Just to confirm that in IFM also, there's no exceptional or more than normal run rate kind
                            of item, which we should adjust to target about 4% for the full year in terms of PAT margin?


Amitabh Jaipuria:           I am -- yes, Raghu, that would be right, right?


Raghunandana Tangirala: Yes, I don't think -- I mean there would not be anything exceptional.


Amitabh Jaipuria:           Yes.


Moderator:                  Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I would now like to hand the conference over
                            to management for closing comments.


Amitabh Jaipuria:           Yes, Raghu.


Raghunandana Tangirala: Thank you, everyone, for joining us. I hope we could answer your queries. We look forward to
                            such interactions in the future. In case we have any further details you would require, you may
                            contact Varun Shivram of SGA, our Investor Relations Advisors.


Amitabh Jaipuria:           Yes. I'd just also like to add one small statement here, which is that we acknowledge the fact
                            that we have had a tough quarter. But we would like to assure all our investing community and
                            friends that we remain a well-governed company strong -- with a strong focus on doing the right
                            thing.


                            And whatever lapses we are learning from in terms of this episode at Avon, we are going to take
                            the right lessons from it and quickly recover and ensure that everybody in the company
                            understands this so that we don't have a recurrence.


                            And our portfolio of businesses remains very strong, and we believe that the original investment
                            thesis that all of you would have had is very well justified. So thank you very much for your
                            support.


Raghunandana Tangirala: Thank you all of you.

                                                       Page 15 of 16

[[PAGE 17 / 17]]
                                                                             Updater Services Limited
                                                                                 November 06, 2025

Moderator:   On behalf of Updater Services Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining
             us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.




                                   Page 16 of 16

