[[PAGE 1 / 16]]
                                                                                        Redefining Business
                                                                                                    Services

August 06, 2026
 To:                                                   To:
 BSE Limited (BSE)                                     National Stock Exchange of India Limited
 Corporate Relationship Department                     (NSE)
 Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,                            Listing Department
 25th Floor, Dalal Street,                             Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1,
 Mumbai - 400001                                       G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra
                                                       (East), Mumbai — 400051


 BSE Scrip Code: 543996                                NSE Code: UDS


Dear Sir/Madam,

Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call for the Quarter Ended June 30, 2026.

This is further to our letter dated July 31, 2026, whereby the company submitted the link to
the Audio Recording of the Earnings Call for the Quarter Ended June 30, 2026.

Pursuant to Regulation 30 (6) read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations
and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015, the transcripts of the said Earnings Call
held on July 31, 2026, is enclosed as Annexure.

You are requested to kindly take the above on record.

Yours faithfully,

For Updater Services Limited

SANDHY Digitally
       by SANDHYA
                 signed


A      Date: 2026.08.06
       12:31:05 +05'30'
Sandhya Saravanan
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
A66942




                           Updater Services Limited (earlier Updater Services Pvt Ltd)
                  1st Floor, No.42, Gandhi Mandapam Road, Kotturpuram, Chennai - 600085
                  +91 44 2446 3234 I 0333 I sales@uds.in I facility@uds.in I www.uds.in I
                                       CIN L74140TN2003PLC051955



             Our Values: happy people I clear purpose I better everyday I do good I balance all

[[PAGE 2 / 16]]
               “Updater Services Limited
         Q1 FY '27 Earnings Conference Call”
                      July 31, 2026




MANAGEMENT: MR. RAGHUNANDANA TANGIRALA – PROMOTOR,
            MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHAIRMAN – UPDATER
            SERVICES LIMITED
            MR. AMITABH JAIPURIA - SENIOR EXECUTIVE
            DIRECTOR – UPDATER SERVICES LIMITED
            MRS. ELIZABETH JACOB – CHIEF EXECUTIVE
            OFFICER – ATHENA
            MR. SUNIL MUNSHI – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER –
            DENAVE
            MS. RAM PRAVEEN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER –
            UPDATER SERVICES LIMITED




                         Page 1 of 15

[[PAGE 3 / 16]]
                                                                                                Updater Services Limited
                                                                                                          July 31, 2026

Moderator:                Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q1 FY '27 Earnings Conference Call for
                          Updater Services Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode,
                          and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Before
                          we begin, a brief disclaimer.


                          This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are
                          based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on the date of this call. These
                          statements are not the guarantees of future performance, and it may involve risks and
                          uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Should you need assistance during this conference call,
                          please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that
                          this conference is being recorded.


                          I now hand the conference over to Mr. Raghunandana Tangirala, Promoter and MD of Updater
                          Services Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir.


Raghunandana Tangirala: Yes. Thank you. Good morning, all of you, and welcome to Updater Services Limited Q1 FY
                          '27 Earnings Call. Joining me are Amitabh Jaipuria, our Senior Executive Director; Ram
                          Praveen, our CFO; Elizabeth Jacob and Sunil Munshi, CEOs of Athena and Denave and our IR
                          advisors from SGA. I hope you've had a chance to review our investor presentation and the
                          results are also available on the exchanges and our website.


                          Before we get into the industry highlights and our performance for the quarter, I would like to
                          share that the Board has approved an interim dividend of INR1. This reflects our company's
                          commitment to disciplined capital allocation, growth-led investment and long-term value
                          creation while maintaining a strong balance sheet.


                          Turning to the IFM industry. Q1 FY '27 saw a healthy momentum driven by growth, driven by
                          strong commercial real estate activity, GCC expansion, rising enterprise outsourcing and
                          continued industrial and manufacturing investment in India. India's office market stayed resilient
                          with strong leasing from MNCs, tech firms and GCCs, seeking comprehensive workplace
                          solutions across engineering, housekeeping, maintenance and energy management.


                          We also saw continued consolidation towards integrated technology enablement outsourcing.
                          And large enterprises favor single strategic partners for their efficiency and governance, a trend
                          being a trend benefiting organized players like us over the fragmented unorganized sector. Now
                          let me get deep into our IFM division. During the quarter, our IFM business continued to benefit
                          from these long-term industry tailwinds.


                          We added 6 new significant logos during Q1 FY '27. For Q1 FY '27, the IFM revenue from
                          operations grew by 11%, accounting for INR525 crores. The growth was driven by new client
                          additions across diversified industries, higher volume from large-scale contracts and continued
                          focus on cost optimization. EBITDA for Q1 FY '27 stood at INR24 crores with a margin of
                          about 4.5%. Our priorities within IFM for the quarter and for the year ahead remain unchanged.


                          We continue to deepen relationship with existing customers, improving client level profitability,
                          optimizing manpower deployment through our technology-led interventions, deepening wallet



                                                   Page 2 of 15

[[PAGE 4 / 16]]
                                                                                        Updater Services Limited
                                                                                                  July 31, 2026

                    share with existing marquee clients and continuing to shift our mix towards higher-margin
                    specialized technical services.


                    Yes. Technology continues to play a central role in enhancing our operational excellence. We
                    are increasingly leveraging digital workforce platforms, AI-enabled workforce management,
                    predictive maintenance tools and automation to improve service quality, optimize manpower
                    deployment and strengthen productivity across client locations. Looking ahead, we remain
                    confident of delivering healthy growth in IFM, supported by strong industry tailwinds,
                    increasing outsourcing penetration and expanded opportunities across industrial manufacturing,
                    infrastructure and commercial real estate. Turning to Global Flight Handling.


                    The aviation ecosystem stayed supportive this quarter with healthy domestic traffic and airlines
                    improving fleet utilization and connectivity, supporting steady momentum for our Airport
                    Services business. Global is our flight handling and ground handling company. Global continued
                    strengthening its footprint across operational airports while expanding into higher-value training
                    and aviation support services, including security training and regulatory certification that
                    complements our core ground handling operations.


                    We are proud to report Global's highest ever profitability, EBITDA of 9%, up from 5% last year,
                    driven by higher-margin non-scheduled flights and strong seasonal traffic. All 23 airports are
                    now operational and are generating revenue. Moving on to Avon, the core mailroom
                    management and integrated support service business continued to demonstrate resilience during
                    the quarter, supported by long-standing client relationships, consistent service delivery and
                    improving operational excellence.


                    Before turning to performance, I would like to highlight that this legacy business is showing
                    resilience and remains on a growth path even as the transport business has been completely shut
                    off. Revenue from operations for the quarter grew 10% year-on-year, reflecting a steady demand
                    across core service offerings.


                    During the quarter, Avon also continued to strengthen its portfolio by increasing the
                    contributions of higher-margin value-added services, particularly in enterprise transport and
                    logistics solutions. This strategic shift is expected to enhance the overall quality of revenues,
                    improve profitability and deepen customer engagement. As we move through the rest of FY '27,
                    we remain confident that this expanding mix of value-added services will support sustainable
                    growth and margin improvement for the business. I would now like to hand over the call to Mr.
                    Amitabh for an update on our BSS segment.


Amitabh Jaipuria:   Thank you, Raghu, and good morning, everyone. I'll quickly deep dive into what has happened
                    in the BSS segment, and then I will hand over to Mr. Sunil Munshi, who is our CEO for Denave
                    and then to Elizabeth Jacob, who is the Founder and CEO of our other Sales Enablement
                    business, which is Athena. Turning to Business Support Services for Q1 FY '27.


                    This is the first full quarter where we operated under our BSS simplified structure with Denave,
                    Athena and Matrix all reporting directly into the senior leadership team. Over the last year, we
                    have undertaken several structural initiatives to simplify our operating structure, strengthen


                                             Page 3 of 15

[[PAGE 5 / 16]]
                                                                                     Updater Services Limited
                                                                                               July 31, 2026

                leadership, improve governance and enhance profitability across all our businesses. I'm glad to
                say that these initiatives are beginning to show encouraging progress and early trends of
                consistent confidence as we look to the year. Across our BSS portfolio, the common strategic
                theme continues to be technology-led transformation as well as organizational simplification.
                We have added 4 new significant logos during the first quarter.


                The BSS segment revenue from operations for Q1 FY '27 reached around INR253 crores and
                EBITDA for the division stood at INR19 crores with a margin of 7.5% as compared to 6.9%
                during the last similar quarter, Q1 of last year. This reflects improvement and shows good signs
                for the future. This is also because of a sustained cost optimization campaign that we have been
                running and which is a result of our simplified organization structure as well. Our sales
                enablement business under Denave reported a revenue of INR161 crores, registering an 18%
                year-on-year growth with an EBITDA of INR7 crores and an EBITDA margin of 4.3%.


                During the quarter, the company's strategic initiatives began translating into results with
                Intellibank, which is our AI forward product, witnessing increased client acceptance and also
                improved performance. The revenue of our sales enablement business under Athena, which is
                our BFSI-focused B2B business, which we run for mainly for banks, insurance companies,
                etcetera, in FY '27 stood at INR28 crores with an EBITDA of INR5 crores.


                And an EBITDA margin of 18%. During the quarter, we secured and commenced execution of
                our first agentic AI engagement with implementation beginning in May and continuing through
                June. I would like to highlight that we are seeing green shoots and seeing increased inquiries for
                both our traditional services as well as agentic AI. So the growth pipeline looks good.


                Matrix delivered a stable operational performance during a challenging demand environment.
                Revenue for the quarter grew 2% and is stable quarter-on-quarter. However, EBITDA increased
                by around 76%, primarily due to cost-saving initiatives, better processes and tighter vendor cost
                discipline, especially in our EBGC business.


                The EBGC business continued to perform broadly in line with expectations. This quarter
                witnessed improvement in revenue growth of 9% year-on-year. You will remember that in the
                previous quarters, this revenue growth has not been strong because of the IT hiring scenario, but
                we are seeing green shoots there.


                And this was also supported by a pickup in hiring in some of our tech clients during the quarter.
                Within the Audit and Assurance business, revenue declined marginally by about 2% during the
                quarter. The primary reason was the postponement of several large client audits with projects
                originally scheduled for May getting deferred to June and July.


                With that brief overview, I will hand the call over to Mr. Sunil Munshi, CEO of our Denave
                organization, to take you through the business highlights of Denave in detail, and then he will
                hand it over to Elizabeth Jacob for Athena. So Sunil, over to you.


Sunil Munshi:   Thanks, Amitabh. Good afternoon, everyone. I'm pleased to provide you all an update on
                Denave’s performance and the strategic progress that we made during the first quarter of FY '27.
                The global sales enablement industry does continue to undergo one of its most significant

                                        Page 4 of 15

[[PAGE 6 / 16]]
                                                                     Updater Services Limited
                                                                               July 31, 2026

transformation recent year. While remaining disciplined in their discretionary spending, there is
a clear shift towards investments that promise that improve sales productivity, customer
engagement and obviously, measurable revenue outcomes.


Across industries, organization has been increasingly moving away from traditional linear sales
models towards more of AI-assisted insight-driven revenue generation models.


So rather than simply expanding sales teams today, we see all the enterprises looking to make
more salesperson significantly productive through automation, through intelligent analytics,
through data-driven decision-making models, so on and so forth. And this structural transition
aligns well with Denave's long-term strategy. Over the last few years, if we see, we've been
consciously transforming Denave from a conventional demand gen organization to a technology
enablement revenue execution partner, which combines our domain expertise with AI-powered
platforms and, of course, intelligent sales workflow.


Now coming to this quarter, during this particular quarter, Denave, we delivered a strong
performance with revenues growing 18% year-on-year. Growth is supported by our demand
generation and field marketing services businesses, both of which continue to gain traction and
as we also keep on new logos. On margins, we saw pressure during the quarter, driven by 2
factors. First, a change in business mix, a greater skew towards field marketing services, which
operates at a low margin. Second, budget planning of one of our large customer also have been
a factor.


During this quarter, we drove a focused cost rationalization initiative also in the organization to
improve operational efficiencies and EBITDA, and we remain quite confident that this will
translate into continued improvement in profitability going forward on a long-term basis also.


On the demand side, we continue to witness healthy client engagement, especially across our
enterprise customer base. While technology spending, we still see spending remaining selective
in certain global markets. Clients are increasingly prioritizing projects that demonstrate faster
return on investment, improved pipeline conversion and higher sales productivity. And this is
precisely where our AI-led enablement enabled services portfolio continues to differentiate itself
in the market. One of the key pillars of our transformation remains, of course, the Intellibank
our proprietary AI-led sales intelligence platform.


Over the past few quarters, we further enhanced Intellibank by expanding our intelligence
capabilities, improving buyer intent identification, enriching decision-making maker mapping
and of course, strengthening the analytics, predictive analytics that helps.


Finally the sales team to prioritize their high probability opportunity, thereby improving
productivity and delivering higher outcomes to the clients. We also did continue to improve our
CRM integrations, which means enabling our seamless synchronization across various client
sales ecosystems and therefore, delivering richer pipeline visibility with actionable insights. And
our automation capabilities are definitely also helping us reduce manual intervention, which is
helping in turn to improve time to market, improve campaign execution speed and delivering
and high-quality sales engagements for our clients.


                         Page 5 of 15

[[PAGE 7 / 16]]
                                                                                       Updater Services Limited
                                                                                                 July 31, 2026

                   While the external environment continue to evolve, the long-term demand drivers for AI-enabled
                   sales transformation remains exceptionally strong in the market. And we at Denave remain
                   committed to help our customers, therefore, accelerate revenue growth while continuing to build
                   a stronger, more technology-led enabled Denave. Thank you. And I will now hand over to CEO
                   and founder member of Athena, Elizabeth Jacob. Over to you, Elizabeth.


Elizabeth Jacob:   Thank you, Sunil. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to
                   provide an update on Athena's performance and the progress we made during the first quarter of
                   financial year '27. The customer engagement industry continues to undergo a structural
                   transformation. Across industries, enterprises are increasingly reimaging how they acquire,
                   engage and retain customers in an environment where customer expectations continue to evolve
                   rapidly.


                   Organizations today are no longer evaluating customer engagement purely based on service
                   delivery costs. Instead, they are increasingly prioritizing customer experience, personalization,
                   faster response times, higher conversion rates and measurable business outcomes. On the
                   business development front, we secured 2 new client wins during this quarter.


                   Both contracts commenced in July and carry an initial tenure of 2 years, providing healthy
                   revenue visibility going forward. We secured and commenced execution of our first agentic AI
                   engagement with implementation beginning in May and continuing through June. We are also
                   pleased to share that another agentic AI project has received customer approval and is expected
                   to go live in August.


                   Beyond these wins, we are actively engaging with several existing customers to expand the
                   adoption of our agentic AI solutions. While enterprise customers have shown strong interest,
                   these engagements typically involve approval cycles of around 2 or 3 months. We remain
                   confident that this is the pipeline will translate into meaningful business opportunities over the
                   coming quarters.


                   While the BFSI sector continues to remain an important part of our business, we have steadily
                   progressed in diversifying our customer portfolio across industries such as real estate, retail,
                   consumer products and other emerging sectors. This diversification remains a strategic priority
                   as it broadens our addressable market, reduces the concentration risk and enhances the overall
                   quality and the resilience of our revenue base. Another important trend we continue to observe
                   is the growing demand for omnichannel customer engagement.


                   Customers today expect seamless interactions across voice, e-mail, chat, messaging platforms
                   and digital channels. Organizations are therefore looking for partners capable of delivering
                   integrated customer engagement solutions, which are supported by analytics, automation and
                   AI-driven decision-making.


                   Athena is well positioned to capitalize on this shift through our expanding digital capabilities
                   and technology-led delivery model. Innovation continues to remain at the core of our strategy.
                   As enterprises continue their digital transformation journeys, we believe these capabilities will
                   become increasingly important differentiators. Looking ahead, we remain optimistic about the


                                           Page 6 of 15

[[PAGE 8 / 16]]
                                                                                               Updater Services Limited
                                                                                                         July 31, 2026

                           opportunities. We remain committed to continuously strengthening our capabilities, expanding
                           into newer verticals and building Athena into one of the leading technology-enabled customer
                           engagement platforms in the region.


                           Thank you. And I will now hand over the call to Amitabh to give an update on Matrix.


Moderator:                 Sorry to interrupt, we cannot hear. Did you hear me?


Amitabh Jaipuria:          I am sorry. I'm so sorry. I was on mute. Yes. So thanks, Elizabeth. I'm happy to give a quick
                           update on Matrix. As you know, our Matrix business has 2 subsegments. One is Audit and
                           Assurance and the other is EBGC. During the quarter, if you compare it with the previous
                           quarter, we have grown about 2%, but profitability has rebounded quite sharply. And right now,
                           our margins have also improved quite sharply.


                           So from INR2.4 crores in the same quarter last year, we are now at INR4.2 crores and margins
                           instead of 7.6%, now are at 13.1%. So therefore, we are seeing a revival in this business,
                           primarily driven by EBGC. But let me start by giving a very quick piece on audit and insurance
                           and we'll then come to EBGC. In Audit and Assurance, the quarter's main challenge were timing
                           related, as mentioned earlier. And a few large audits scheduled for May have been deferred to
                           June and July. This is not generally a demand issue, but largely a timing issue.


                           We continue to see a healthy pipeline from large multinational audits and in sectors like food
                           and automobile. To support this, we have also built a dedicated sales team to strengthen customer
                           acquisition and deepen client engagement.


                           Results are expected in H2 of '27, and you will start seeing those trends. In EBGC, as mentioned
                           earlier, the business has picked up quite nicely, but we continue to see subdued hiring in banking
                           and the BPO segments, along with mixed IT trends, which has impacted our overall volumes,
                           but IT has come back to some extent.


                           And we have seen turnovers and a number of cases that are being referred to us on an upward
                           trend. We have also been extremely cost focused. And like we explained about Denave, even
                           here in this business, we have been very, very cost focused, simplification focused and
                           organization focused in terms of making us more agile.


                           All of those have started showing clear results. EBGC is inherently tied to hiring cycles, as you
                           know, and we are building a more agile technology-enabled model. AI integration is also now
                           beginning to pay dividends. Over the medium term, we remain focused on improving
                           profitability through revenue growth, of course, because it's a scale game as we have been talking
                           about in EBGC and of course, a richer business mix, digitalization and disciplined cost
                           management. So all in all, we are seeing good progress in Matrix, which had been a drag in our
                           previous quarters, but beginning to look good.


                           I'll hand it over back to Raghu for his concluding remarks.


Raghunandana Tangirala: Thank you, Amitabh. Thank you, Sunil and Elizabeth, for the updates. In summary, Q1 FY '27
                           has been a quarter of steady execution at Updater Services. We delivered a 9% year-on-year


                                                   Page 7 of 15

[[PAGE 9 / 16]]
                                                                                                      Updater Services Limited
                                                                                                                July 31, 2026

                                 revenue growth to INR764 crores with a healthy momentum across both IFM and BSS, while
                                 continuing to invest in technology, talent and structural simplification to strengthen the business
                                 for the long term. With strong industry tailwinds across our end markets, a diversified and
                                 resilient portfolio and a robust balance sheet, we remain confident in our ability to deliver
                                 sustainable profitable growth in the years ahead.


                                 Before I conclude, I would like to reiterate our continued commitment to strong corporate
                                 governance. Over the past year, we have taken deliberate steps to simplify our organization,
                                 strengthen leadership accountability and improve transparency across our businesses as reflected
                                 in the consolidation of BSS portfolio under a unified leadership team this quarter.


                                 Our disciplined capital allocation reflected in the Board's approval of an interim dividend to
                                 reward all our shareholders and our continued net cash position. Along with our compliance-
                                 first culture across all business segments remain central to how we operate and create long-term
                                 value for all our stakeholders. Now I'd like to hand over the call to Ram, our CFO, give you an
                                 overview on the financials. Over to you, Ram.


Ram Praveen:                     Thank you, Raghu, and good afternoon, everyone. I will take you through the financial highlights
                                 for the quarter FY '27. The revenue from operations for the quarter FY '27 grew by 9% year-
                                 over-year to INR764 crores as compared to INR700 crores in comparative period Q1 FY '26.
                                 The IFM segment grew by 11% year-year to INR525 crores and the BSS segment grew by 7%
                                 year-over-year to INR253 crores. The revenue split between these 2 segments stood in the same
                                 range of 67% to 33%, directionally similar to the same percentages compared to the earlier
                                 quarter.


                                 Consolidated EBITDA for Q1 FY '27 stood at INR42 crores. EBITDA margin for the quarter is
                                 at 5.5%, that is INR42 crores. At segment level IFM segment EBITDA stood at 4.5%, that is
                                 approximately INR24 crores, while the BSS segment is at 7.5%, that is approximately INR19
                                 crores. The consolidated PAT for the quarter is at INR30.3 crores for the Q1 FY '27. Coming
                                 back to return on capital employed is at 16.1% for the quarter.


                                 UDS continues to remain a net cash company with a good balance sheet on a long-term basis.
                                 Net debt to equity stood at negative 0.24x as of June 2026, reflecting our strong cash position
                                 and generation during the quarter. On headcount, we have crossed 76,991 with 60,2771coming
                                 from IFM segment and 16,7142 from the BSS segment. With that, I would like to open the floor
                                 for questions.


Raghunandana Tangirala: Thanks Ram. So back to the organizer of the call. We are open for questions.


Moderator:                       Thank you very much. The first question comes from the line of Love Gupta from Counter
                                 Cyclical Investments. Please go ahead.


Love Gupta:                      So firstly, I wanted to understand the margin improvements on the BSS side in Matrix
                                 particularly. Is this sustainable going forward? And on the IFM side, we've mentioned that you


1
    Stated as 20,000 during the Call, the actual figure is 60,277
2
    Stated as 16,700 during the Call, the actual figure is 16,714

                                                          Page 8 of 15

[[PAGE 10 / 16]]
                                                                                                       Updater Services Limited
                                                                                                                 July 31, 2026

                                 had some moderation due to addition of employees. Is that now done and we can see some trend
                                 going forward?


Raghunandana Tangirala Amitabh Jaipuria: So I'll take that. So in Matrix, the improvement See, if you look at the history
                                 of how this business has performed, and this will just give you some confidence. So if you look
                                 at EBGC Revenue Q1 last year, we were at INR11.4 crores, Q4 last year, we were at 11.7 crores
                                 and Q1 this year, we are at INR12.5 crores. So over the years, you can see that the volumes are
                                 picking up. Similarly, if you look at our gross margin percentage, in Q1 last year, we were at
                                 about 12%. Q4 last year, we were about 17%. And Q1 this year, we are at about 21%.3


                                 So therefore, improvements in margin as well as improvements in the revenue number. In the
                                 past, Love, you will remember that we have been always saying that EBGC is a business of
                                 volumes. And as you get more volumes, the cost structure largely remains flattish and therefore
                                 what happens is this margins are improving quite nicely. We believe that this margin profile is
                                 sustainable. Also on back of a lot of cost optimization that we are doing at our back end.


                                 So for this year, we do believe that these volumes and these margins are sustainable. As far as
                                 the overall IFM numbers are concerned, you are absolutely right. IFM margins are slightly
                                 depressed overall margins -- if you look at Q1 over Q1. We are at INR23.6 crores EBITDA
                                 versus INR23.1 crores. So there is a marginal improvement in EBITDA.


                                 But on the PAT basis, of course, we are at INR20.7 crores versus 19.9 crores4 in the same quarter
                                 last year. So margins have been stable, minor variations also because of some front-ending of
                                 costs and some front-ending of contracts, in some cases, what tends to happen. But these are
                                 normal business variations. At this margin level, we do believe that we will not decline any
                                 further.


Love Gupta:                      All right, sir. And the second question would be how -- what are our plans to utilize our cash?
                                 Like what are -- I believe it was above INR200 crores cash balance that we hold. So how do we
                                 intend to utilize that? And any acquisitions planned this year?


- Amitabh Jaipuria:              Yes. So we do have a cash balance of upwards of INR300 crores. And the plans to utilize that,
                                 we have briefly mentioned that in the last call as well that they'll basically be 3 large buckets in
                                 which or 3 buckets in which this cash will get utilized. One remains inorganic, the second bucket
                                 will be brownfield growth, which means organic growth. So whether it is in accelerating our
                                 product development, technology transformation as well as building a sharper go-to-market team
                                 to actually develop some markets and business.


                                 So that will be the brownfield piece where we'll be investing money. The third, of course, is to
                                 reward shareholders. We have made a small beginning with this Board meeting and with this
                                 result with this quarter. Where we have declared a dividend of INR1 per share, which will take
                                 away about INR7 crores of cash.




3
    Stated as 20% during the Call, the actual figure is 21%
4
    Stated as 20.7% during the Call, the actual figure is 19.9 crores

                                                          Page 9 of 15

[[PAGE 11 / 16]]
                                                                                         Updater Services Limited
                                                                                                   July 31, 2026

                    So this is a small beginning, it's an interim dividend. But rewarding shareholders, while
                    continuing to use and deploy cash mainly to drive growth, both internal and organic growth as
                    well as inorganic growth. That remains the use of our cash. That is the cash allocation strategy.


Love Gupta:         So on the third point of rewarding shareholders, are we planning considering any buyback of
                    shares?


Amitabh Jaipuria    Right now, there is no proposal to buy back shares on -- in front of the board, and there is not a
                    discussion on it. But this is not to say that we will never do it. These are various mechanisms
                    exist to reward shareholders. And at the appropriate time, all of these mechanisms and tools are
                    being considered and will continue to be considered by the Board.


Moderator:          The next question is from the line of Adinath Chauhan from J&J Investments.


Adinath Chauhan:    Sir, I have a couple of questions. Firstly, how do you expect current revenue mix between IFM
                    versus BSS, which is currently 67% and 33%, going to evolve over the next 2 to 3 years?


Amitabh Jaipuria:   So our revenue mix at roughly 2/3, 1/3 has actually been quite steady over the past few years.
                    Going forward, we expect this to continue, because both our businesses are, we believe, can
                    grow low double-digit numbers, which is in the region of around 9%, 10%, 11%, 12%. So
                    therefore, we do believe that this mix will probably continue.


Adinath Chauhan:    Okay. Sir, second question is on for Athena, can agentic AI become a meaningful revenue
                    contributor over the next 3 years. And what margin profile should your investors expect?


Amitabh Jaipuria:   So we do believe that agentic AI will become an important part of how we deliver to our
                    customers. However, at this particular point in time, we are not seeing any wholesale
                    replacement of human agents, especially in the BFSI sector, and we don't see this happening in
                    the near term. That said, Athena is right now at the forefront of experimenting with Agentic AI
                    for various other segments.


                    For example, incoming service calls, for example, things like customer satisfaction surveys and
                    other such areas where adoption will be faster. So I will invite Elizabeth to just add a quick to 3
                    lines to how she is seeing agentic AI evolve?


Elizabeth Jacob:    Agentic AI today for BFSI clients is primarily used for outcalling customers to qualify leads
                    before and getting consent to call. In the service area, what they do is what we're doing is
                    replacing human agents for answering repetitive queries. So basically, both the exercise, there
                    is utilization, one where the client is looking at adding -- getting qualified data using outbound
                    for the BFSI sector and in-bound where repetitive queries can be answered on the phone.


Moderator:          The next question is from the line of Diksha Motwani from Siddhant Partners.


Diksha Motwani:     My question is there is a reduction in EBITDA of BSS. EBITDA margin from 11.5% in March
                    to 7.5% in June. Any specific reason? And is this the normal EBITDA for BSS?


Amitabh Jaipuria:   No. So what you're referring to, if you look at the margin reduction, yes, it is. The answer really
                    lies in what happened with Avon. So in Avon in the last quarter, there was a restatement as you

                                            Page 10 of 15

[[PAGE 12 / 16]]
                                                                                        Updater Services Limited
                                                                                                  July 31, 2026

                    know. So what that has done is that, that has actually added to last year's number, the Q4 number,
                    and that is why the comparison looks skewed.


                    If you take that impact out, then actual last year, Q4 '26 BSS segment delivered an EBITDA of
                    INR19.1 crores. And this year, we have delivered INR18.9 crores. So the margin profile is
                    largely similar, and the EBITDA numbers are also largely similar. So it's because of an
                    exceptional unnatural item in last year Q4, which is where you're seeing the skew.


Diksha Motwani:     Okay. Another question is there is increase in the other expenses. So any onetime expenses is
                    there?


Amitabh Jaipuria:   In other expense?


Diksha Motwani:     Yes.


Ram Praveen:        This is Ram here. This is largely due to some restructuring expenses as well as the provisions
                    that have been taken for the transport segment in last year FY '26 versus this quarter FY '27.


Diksha Motwani:     Okay. Any update on the acquisition?


Amitabh Jaipuria:   Yes. So the conversation that we have been having, at this particular point in time, that deal is
                    on hold because there are differences in terms of valuation. As you know, we are a conservative
                    acquirer, and we do not believe in overpaying for any acquisition. And there is a disagreement
                    in terms of what the final value should look like. So therefore, right now, we have put the deal
                    on hold. It may revive if there is a positive movement. At the same time, we continue to look at
                    other acquisitions and we do have a pipeline that we are looking at.


Moderator:          The next question is from the line of Aryan Vijan from RV Investments.


Aryan Vijan:        Sir, my question is on the GCC you have mentioned what do you think about the sector? And
                    do you see the sector will go in the future?


Amitabh Jaipuria:   Aryan, you're asking about the EBGC sector?


Aryan Vijan:        GCC, Global Capacity Centres.


Amitabh Jaipuria:   GCC. Sorry, sorry. Okay. Yes, I understand. So GCC, of course, are becoming quite a large
                    consumer of office space in this country. In fact there are reports that they now account for
                    almost half of total A and A+ great office leasing in this country. Our exposure to GCC is
                    actually limited because as we have been explaining in the past, out of the 5 core segments of
                    the IFM business, we are strong in industrials, in warehousing as well as in infrastructure.


                    In the commercial side, our exposure is low. And on the residential side, we don't operate. So
                    that is the -- so therefore, while it's growing, we are now rejigging our entire business
                    development effort and team to focus on growth and emerging segments. The GCC focus will
                    be also a part of that. So right now, it's not impacting us too much, but we are looking at it. We
                    have put in place a team which will start looking at growth opportunities, including GCC.



                                            Page 11 of 15

[[PAGE 13 / 16]]
                                                                                                 Updater Services Limited
                                                                                                           July 31, 2026

Aryan Vijan:               And sir, can you provide this year's guidance?


Amitabh Jaipuria:          Sorry?


Aryan Vijan:               Guidance for this year.


Amitabh Jaipuria:          We normally don't give formal guidance. So I think we will continue with that. What we have
                           said, I mean, you can take our Q1 number as an indicator. And that is what you can sort of
                           perhaps extrapolate, but we are not giving formal guidance.


Moderator:                 The next question is from the line of Yash Mishra from SKS Capital and Research.


Yash Mishra:               Just one single question. So do you have any comments on the SIS acquisition? Acquiring the
                           stake we have public marketing in UDS?


Amitabh Jaipuria:          So I will open the comments and then Raghu can quickly add to that. So SIS has been acquiring
                           our shares, that's public knowledge. And at this particular point in time, there is no conversation
                           between us and them, which is spurring this acquisition. What they have been talking about, as
                           we understand it, is that this is a treasury operation and that they see great value in the UDS
                           shares, especially at these kinds of beaten down values that right now we have on the market.
                           So they are using it, they are seeing it as an investment as what we understand.


                           We are not reading too much into it. There is no deal on the table. Also Mr. Tangirala, our
                           Founder and our Chairperson continues -- he and his family continue to own 59.1% of the equity.
                           And therefore, there is no conversation about any kind of sale or a deal or any kind of M&A
                           action. Having said that, I will hand it over to Raghu to add.


Raghunandana Tangirala: Yes. Thanks, Amitabh. No, I've got nothing to add over what Amitabh said. What we understand
                           is that, that is their treasury operation. That's all we know, and there is nothing else add anything
                           to this. That's all we know about.


Moderator:                 The next question is from the line of Manoj Jethwa from KSA Shares and Securities.


Manoj Jethwa:              Good afternoon, and thank you for the good set of numbers. So my question is on the use of
                           agentic AI in Denave and Athena. And what would be the prospects for going ahead in our
                           service offerings, sir. Can you share some thought process on it?


Amitabh Jaipuria:          Yes. So we are seeing agentic AI in 2 different ways. We are seeing agentic tech AI as a great
                           opportunity. For us to enter segments which earlier we were not playing in. For example, we
                           were not playing into the inbound segment.


                           We were really not playing into the service segment or even the collection segments. Through
                           agentic AI, it offers an opportunity for us to enter these segments without committing to large
                           real estate and without committing to a large number of people, et cetera. So we see it as an
                           opportunity as a business opportunity.


                           The second way in which we are looking at agentic AI is really in terms of cost optimization,
                           better quality costs and faster closures and more productivity for our outbound calling operation

                                                     Page 12 of 15

[[PAGE 14 / 16]]
                                                                                            Updater Services Limited
                                                                                                      July 31, 2026

                     that we have for our existing customers. Because what agentic AI does at the background, is that
                     it enables you to monitor, for example. Sorry, was there some comment? Okay. Somebody's
                     phone was probably not on mute.


                     Yes. So on the other side, we see agentic AI as an optimization tool as a productivity tool and
                     which helps us to close faster in terms of our calls and to make our costs more productive because
                     it gives more information, it gives conversational guides and it basically allows us to also target
                     better in terms of which customers to call first and which customers to call later.


                     So those are the kinds of areas in which we are seeing agentic AI helping us. So at this particular
                     point in time, we are not seeing it as a threat at all. We see it as an opportunity both on the cost
                     side and on the revenue side.


Moderator:           The next question is from the line of Abhinav Mandowara from Aequitas Investments.


Abhinav Mandowara:   Yes. Just one question from my side. it is regarding reading a lot of articles in the last few months
                     that there is a lot of labor shortage and labor hikes across multiple states. So has that impacted
                     anywhere in our Q1 considering most of our contracts are passed through? And how do you see
                     the labor shortage? And any outlook on that?


Amitabh Jaipuria:    So clearly, Abhinav, you're absolutely right. And you have clearly been staying updated. So
                     there is a labor shortage in many states. There are labor surplus states in this country, and there
                     are labor short states in this country. So if you look at the southern and the western markets, also
                     the NCR market, there is a clear shortage of labor. On the other hand, there is still some surplus
                     labor available in Eastern India, Northeast India, in particular, as well as Bengal and to some
                     extent, Jharkhand, Bihar, Odisha.


                     So we have recruitment teams in these states, which actually help us recruit there and redeploy
                     in the labor shortage area -- in the labor shortage states. That said, labor shortages are real. And
                     there are many areas, for example, if you look at Gujarat, if you look at some areas of Tamil
                     Nadu, if you look at some areas of Maharashtra, finding labor is an issue. So -- but as you rightly
                     pointed out, our model is a pass-through model.


                     Customers are also beginning to understand that they have to cater to this migrant set of labor
                     and, therefore, improve costs and be able to also offer other facilities, whether it is food, whether
                     it is transport or even in some cases, stay arrangements. So we are working with our customers
                     to ensure that their requirements are met, but the shortage is real.


Moderator:           The next question is from the line of Deeya Jain from the line of Sapphire Capital.


Deeya Jain:          I just wanted to understand if there is any seasonality in the business, for example, the hiring
                     cycle or the audit seasons. So can you please explain a bit?


Amitabh Jaipuria:    So yes, there is some seasonality in some parts of our business. So -- and so there is seasonality,
                     for example, in our catering business, right? So in Q1, catering usually is -- it does -- it's low
                     because it's also gone through some amount of campus closures, vacations, et cetera, et cetera.
                     So that business does have seasonality. There is also seasonality in some of our IFM businesses


                                             Page 13 of 15

[[PAGE 15 / 16]]
                                                                                     Updater Services Limited
                                                                                               July 31, 2026

               as well as in some of our BSS businesses because Q2, Q3 traditionally are the festive seasons
               and festive demand does peak.


               So many of our customers are exposed to the consumption side of the economy. And there, we
               do see increased demand for people, increased demand for services, increased demand for
               campaigns to be run in our sales enablement businesses. So there is some seasonality. I mean,
               it's not massive, but it's certainly there.


Moderator:     The next follow-up question is from the line of Diksha Motwani from Siddhant Partners.


Mehul:         Mehul this side from Siddhant Partners. I wanted to understand on this tax expense. If we look
               at it from Q4 versus Q1, there is a significant shift. So if you can throw some light on that.


Ram Praveen:   Yes, one moment. So if you see the stand-alone financial statement on the tax expense is lower
               compared to the last quarter. This is in continuation with the tax benefit that flows through for
               this service -- manpower intense service industry. So as our account of head count employees
               increases, and we are trying to retain them, the benefit flows through gradually into the system.
               That's the major driver for the improvement in the tax expense . Hope this helps.


Mehul:         Okay. So that is only stand-alone. And how about consol? So consol, if you look at it down
               from, I think, INR88 crores net to INR28 crores -- million, sorry.


Ram Praveen:   You are seeing quarter-over-quarter, right? So if you see last quarter quarter-on-quarter, that is
               an increase because out of our entire 9 group companies within our UDS group, couple of
               entities only will go through this manpower benefit that comes through tax. The other are all
               under the normal tax rate bucket. And again, the mix, for example, Matrix which is clear driver
               for current quarter profit which doesn’t get any benefit in tax . So your mix has also played a
               role in the movement in the tax expense when you see the consolidated position quarter over
               quarter


Mehul:         Understood. So Y-o-Y, if they look at it for the full year, there is no major change in the effective
               tax rate. It remains the same, right?


Ram Praveen:   Yes, yes. correct. You are right. You are right.


Mehul:         I just have follow-up on the previous which you mentioned and the revenue. So if you look at
               the expense, ideally, the expense would have been higher in Q4, right, vis-a-vis Q1. Is there
               some spillover of Avon in the current quarter as well?


Ram Praveen:   No. No. There is no spillover for Avon. The transportation related Avon either revenue or
               expenses, everything has been squared in the last financial year. Whatever you see in the current
               quarter is only from the business of mail room service and other business support services.


Mehul:         Understood. So sir, what would be the reason then for this expense thing? Because in our
               previous question, you mentioned there is an impact of Avon in Q4 vis-a-vis Q1. in Q4, I think
               it shows the other expense of 83. Is that in Q1?


Ram Praveen:   Yes. Yes.

                                         Page 14 of 15

[[PAGE 16 / 16]]
                                                                                                Updater Services Limited
                                                                                                          July 31, 2026

Mehul:                      The business more or less remains the same?


Ram Praveen:                I'll briefly touch up on that. If you see Q4 versus Q1. In Q4, what we did is that we restated the
                            revenue that got booked in the transportation business of Avon in Q1 of FY '26. so that on a full
                            year basis, it has been nullified. So on a quarter-on-quarter basis, the reversal has to come in
                            some quarter, which is your Q4.


                            That's why we took the call and finalized it. We restated the Avon individual balance sheet. But
                            on a consolidated basis, we just reversed the Q1 revenue in the Q4 again. If you see the quarter-
                            over-quarter performance in sequential quarters, Q4 versus Q1, you see this breach over there.


                            Otherwise, on a full year basis, the Avon transportation impact has been taken care of the last
                            year. Whatever you see from current year onwards is only the existing business. There is the
                            core business of mailroom services and business support service.


Mehul:                      So what could be the, I would say, Q4 number, excluding Avon reversal.


Amitabh Jaipuria:           I had mentioned that if you look at the overall number in BSS.


Mehul:                      Not margin, I'm referring to the expense number, what Ram sir is saying is that there was some
                            reversal on in Q4, resulting in a decline?


Ram Praveen:                So it should be revenue INR9.8 crores. I can. Yes.


Mehul:                      Okay. INR9.8 crores. Understood.


Ram Praveen:                The Avon postion.


Moderator:                  Ladies and gentlemen. Due to paucity of time, we take that as the last question. I would now like
                            to hand the conference over to the management for the closing comments.


Amitabh Jaipuria:           Raghu, closing comments.


Raghunandana Tangirala: Yes. Yes. Thank you all of you. Thank you for participating in this Q1 earnings call. We continue
                            to see your involvement in the business and the questions you asked. So we would definitely
                            hope to do better than every quarter, we look to better what performance we have done. So thank
                            you, that's all from me.


Amitabh Jaipuria:           Thank you. Thank you, everyone.


Elizabeth Jacob:            Thank you, everyone.


Ram Praveen:                Thank you.


Sunil Munshi:               Thank you.


Moderator:                  On behalf of Updater Services Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining
                            us, and you may now disconnect your lines.



                                                       Page 15 of 15

