[page 1]
 
 
Date: 05.06.2026 
 
To, 
The Manager - Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
‘Exchange Plaza’, Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400051 
 
(Script Symbol: SUPREMEPWR) 
Subject: Submission of Transcript of the Earnings Conference call held on Tuesday, June 
02, 2026 at 02:30 PM. 
   
 Dear Sir / Madam,  
 
In continuation of our earlier letter dated June 02, 2026 informing about the audio link of the 
Earnings Conference Call and Pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosures Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the Company is hereby 
submitting transcripts of Earnin gs Conference call of the analyst/investor conference call 
which was held on Tuesday, June 02, 2026 at 02:30 PM.  to discussed the Audited Financial 
Results (Standalone and Consolidated) of the Company for the Half Year and Year ended 31st 
March, 2026. 
 
The Nature of the Meeting is: Group meet. 
 
 
 Kindly acknowledge and take the same on records.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Supreme Power Equipment Limited   
 
 
Priyanka Bansal           
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 
[page 2]
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
“Supreme Power Equipment Limited 
H2 FY26 Results Conference Call” 
June 02, 2026 
 
      
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VEE RAJMOHAN – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR–SUPREME POWER EQUIPMENT LIMITED 
  
 
MODERATOR:  MR. PARTH ACHARYA– KIRIN ADVISORS PRIVATE 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

[page 3]
  Supreme Power Equipment Limited 
  June 02, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the H2 FY '26 Results Conference Call of 
Supreme Power Equipment Limited hosted by Kirin Advisors Private Limited. As a reminder, 
all participants will be in the listen -only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after th e presentation concludes.  Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone.  Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Parth Achar ya 
from Kirin Advisors. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Parth Acharya: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Kirin Advisors, I welcome you all to the 
conference call of Supreme Power Equipment L imited. From the management team, we have 
Mr. Vee Rajmohan, Chairman and Managing Director of the company. With that, I hand over 
the call to Mr. Vee Rajmohan for the opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today for Supreme Power 
Equipment Limited's earnings conference call of H2 and FY '26. I'm absolutely delighted to 
report that FY '26 has been a truly exceptional year for us. This past year marked the beginning 
of a transformat ive phase of our company as we successfully expanded into the high -voltage 
large power transformer manufacturing segment, supported by a significant capacity expansion 
and enhanced transformer portfolio and strong industry demand. 
 Supreme Power is well positioned in deliver sustainable long-term growth. The Supreme Power 
over 3 decades of Transformer manufacturing excellence, Supreme Power Equipment brings 
over 3 decades of deep engineering and manufacturing expertise to the power sector. We are a 
dedicated transformer manufacturing company, producing a wide range of power distribution 
and windmill transformers, catering to power generation, transmission, distribution an d 
renewable energy application. 
 Today, Supreme Power is a trusted manufacturing partner to major state electricity utilities and 
leading EPC corporations, uniquely positioned to capitalize on the rapidly growing opportunity 
across India's electrical infrastructure sector. The broad macroeconomic landscape for power 
sector remains highly favo rable, creating significant long -term demand for transformer 
manufacturers. India's peak power demand recently touched an all -time high of approximately 
256 gigawatts, driven by rapid industrialization, infrastructure development and rising 
commercial consumption. 
 At the same time, India is witnessing accelerated investment in renewable energy, transmission 
infrastructure, AI-driven data centers and grid modernization projects. These developments are 
substantially increased demand for high capacity and ene rgy-efficient transformer across 
generation, transmission and distribution network. Further strengthening the sector outlook. 
 The Central Electricity Authority has outlined aggressive plan for grid expansion and 
transformation capacity addition while also  promoting adoption of advanced and eco -friendly 
transformer technologies. This industry trend position us favorable to capitalize on growing 
opportunities emerging across India's power infrastructure ecosystem. 
[page 4]
  Supreme Power Equipment Limited 
  June 02, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
 Operationally, FY '26 was definitely defined by flawless execution and a significant leap in our 
production capability. We officially commenced commercial production at our new state-of-the-
art manufacturing facility in Kannur, Chennai. This milestone expanded our annual 
manufacturing capacity from 2,500 to an impressive 9,000 MVA. 
 The new facility also enables us to manufacture larger transformer up to larger power 
transformer up to 200 MVA and 220 kV voltage class rating, significantly strengthening our 
participation in utility, transmission, industrial and data center projects whi le unlocking an 
estimated revenue potential of INR500 crores to INR550 crores at optimal utilization. 
 During the year, we secured multiple transformer orders aggregating INR264.27 crores from 
prominent Karnataka-based EPC players. We also received multipl e distribution transformer 
orders worth INR159.94 crores from Tamil Nadu Power Distribution Corporation and bagged 
INR57 crores power transformer order from Kerala State Electricity Board. As of May 27, 2026, 
our total order book stands at a robust INR588.17 crores, providing strong revenue visibility for 
the coming quarters. 
 Coming to financial performance, FY '26 witnessed healthy growth across key financial 
parameters. For the full year FY '26, total income reached INR182.1 crores, registering a strong 
year-to-year growth of 21.78%. EBITDA stood at INR33.29 crores, reflecting a year -to-year 
growth of 14.52%, while profit after tax increased by 9.89%-to-year INR20.44 crores. Earnings 
per share for the year stood at INR8.15. Our second half FY '26 performa nce further 
demonstrated the strength of our operational scale up and execution capabilities. 
 Total income stood at INR106.75 crores, recording a strong half -year-on-half-year growth of 
41.66%. EBITDA came in at INR19.01 crores, up by 33.18% half-year-on-half-year. With PAT 
reach of INR11.03 crores with an EPS of INR4.40. 
 While industry-wide input cost inflation applied mild pressure on manufacturing margin across 
the sector, we successfully mitigated these headwinds through an improved high-voltage product 
mix and proactive sourcing strategy. Furthermore, we significantly improved our working 
capital efficiency with the receivable days reducing sharply to just 94 days, reflecting strong 
collection discipline and healthy cash flow management. 
 In summary, FY '26 has demonstrated Supreme Power's manufacturing strength, execution 
capabilities and ability to scale efficiently in a rapidly growing power infrastructure market. 
With a significantly expanded manufacturing ba se, a strong order pipeline and favorable 
industrial tailwinds, we remain confident about sustaining our growth momentum in the years 
ahead. 
 Before we move to the Q&A session, I would like to take a moment to express my sincere 
gratitude to all our invest ors for their continued trust and confidence in Supreme Power 
Equipment Limited, your support remains a key pillar of our growth journey. We also extend 
our appreciation to all our valued clients, vendors for their continued partnership and trust in our 
capabilities, which motivates us to constantly deliver and improve. 
[page 5]
  Supreme Power Equipment Limited 
  June 02, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
 I would like to acknowledge the unwavering effort of our finance team, bankers and extend my 
appreciation to the entire Supreme Power Equipment Limited family from our employees on the 
ground to our senior leadership team. Our commitment -- their commitment, discipline, 
collective contribution have been instrumental in delivering this strong performance. Thank you 
once again for your continued support. 
 With that, I now open the floor for the question-and-answer session. Thank you. 
Moderator: Our first question comes from the line of Paras Chheda with Purpleone Vertex Ventures LLP. 
Paras Chheda: Congratulations, sir. First of all, for a very strong set of results and continued effort in bring ing 
the new capacity online. Sir, my first question is that we have indicated that the overall revenue 
potential from the expanded capacity of INR500 crores-INR550 crores. Now for FY27, what 
range do we expect? And what percentage of this INR588 crores order book is expected to be 
executed during FY27? That is the first question. 
Vee Rajmohan: Fixed target to achieve between INR275 crores to INR300 crores. 
Paras Chheda: For FY27? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, for FY27. 
Paras Chheda: And sir, for FY28, what do you expect broadly? 
Vee Rajmohan: Another INR100 crores will be added. 
Paras Chheda: Another INR100 crores on that? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, yes on that. 
Paras Chheda: Okay, sir. Sir, now that we can manufacture up to 200 MVA transformers 220 kV transformers, 
what kind of PAT margin can we expect once the new facility reaches steady state utilization? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, yes. We believe the same type of margins will be maintained because since there is a 1% 
or 2% more margin on larger power transformers, and we -- that has been eaten away by the 
overheads because we deploy more skilled people, more human resource. So, for that -- so this 
margin will be maintained. 
Paras Chheda: Sir, typically, we say about 10% to 12% PAT margin, and that's what we should call it? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, yes. 
Paras Chheda: Okay. Sir, of this INR588 crore s order book, how much order book is related to this higher 
capacity power transformer versus traditional distribution transformer? 
Vee Rajmohan: Distribution transformer holds 20% power trans former holds around holding 72% and inverter 
duty holds something around 8%. 
[page 6]
  Supreme Power Equipment Limited 
  June 02, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
Paras Chheda: Understood, sir. And just last, I mean we were planning probably for maybe another leg of 
capacity expansion and the decision was to be taken in the next quarter or 2. Are we close to 
that? Any thoughts on that? 
Vee Rajmohan: So you are asking about further expansion? 
Paras Chheda: Yes, further capacity expansion. 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, yes. So we are just thinking now to go for a further expansion. And in this year, I think we 
believe we will go for an expansion for tank making factory. So it is a 1 -acre facility. So it is 
under planning. So this will complete in this financial year. 
Paras Chheda: And this will help margin? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, yes. This will help us in margin because we are buying most of the tanks from outside. That 
will vary from 5% to 8% from our turnover. So we thought it will give -- and nowadays, getting 
tanks also a little difficult. So we thought we can start a tank factory. So this is a plan, immediate 
plan. 
Paras Chheda: Sir, because of this geopolitical turmoil, the commodity prices are quite volatile and have hit the 
roof also. Now are we sustainably able to pass the extra cost on? Is there a pass -through clause 
kind of a thing where we are not impacted by the... 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, partially other -- most of the supplies have been passed on that because the delivery beyond 
3, 4 months, automatically, the price variation clause will be applied.  And the deliveries which 
are below 3, 4 months, we will not be able to get that -- we will not able to pass the price rise or 
the price decrease to the customer. So in that case, what we do is we will -- once we got the 
purchase order immediately, we place our purchase order to our vendors is. 
Paras Chheda: Back-to-back? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, back-to-back. And even though there was a margin pressure is there because of sudden 
increase in raw material like transformer oil and other raw key materials. So that is the impact 
when compared to last year, there was a dip in margin of 1% or 1.5%. And, there is no progress… 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Mukesh Panjwani with WC Securities. 
Mukesh Panjwani: Sir, my question has already been answered. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Jayesh Lad with Centra Insight LLP. 
Jayesh Lad: Sir, a couple of questions. Firstly, sir, on the CRGO side, what is the procurement cost that we 
have to incur right per kg or per ton? 
Vee Rajmohan: That varies from quality to quality, grade wise it will vary. So it starts from INR180 to INR200 
INR250 per kg it will go. 
Jayesh Lad: I mean, are we entering into a contract to purchase it on a market basis you purchase it? 
[page 7]
  Supreme Power Equipment Limited 
  June 02, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
Vee Rajmohan: No, we generally don't get into contract. But before quoting for higher num bers that is volume, 
if the volume is big, then we will get a confirmation from the supplier to hold the price. 
Jayesh Lad: Okay. Understood. And sir, regarding your tank manufacturing capex, so what is the amount 
that you are investing in that? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, roughly INR20 crores to INR25 crores. 
Jayesh Lad: Okay. And sir, lastly, regarding our order book, about INR588 crores. So what is the split 
between government and private players, private sector? 
Vee Rajmohan: Government is almost 33.63% and non-government is 66.37%. In rupees government is 196.79 
crores and non-government is INR388.35 crores. 
Jayesh Lad: Sir, this INR588 crores, what is the timeline you're expecting to execute the order? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes. See, on that part,  30% will be executed in next financial year. So this year, we have to 
execute INR412 crores. Out of that, definitely, we will execute INR275 crores to INR300 crores 
this year. 
Jayesh Lad: For FY27, the top line will be around INR300-odd crores. Is the understanding right? 
Vee Rajmohan: FY27?  
Jayesh Lad: Yes.  
Vee Rajmohan: It will be around INR250 crores to INR300 crores. 
Jayesh Lad: And with the same operating margin, right, 15% to 16%? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, we are believing on that. We are expecting the same margin. 
Jayesh Lad: Okay. Sure, sure. Thank you so much, sir, and all the best. 
Vee Rajmohan: Thank you very much 
Moderator: Thank you. O ur next question comes from the line of Gaurav Bhanshali with Augmont 
Enterprises. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Bhanshali: Hello? My question is what is the optimum utilization level that you have mentioned , like the 
new plant like what will be the optimum utilization that we will reach? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, it will take another 2 to 3 years to reach the full capacity utilization, 2 to 3 years. 
Gaurav Bhanshali: Full capacity 90%-100%? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, almost 90%. 
[page 8]
  Supreme Power Equipment Limited 
  June 02, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
Gaurav Bhanshali: Okay, sir. Thank you. And the next question is you said we are setting up a tank making factory 
and it will help the margins. So how much will this help the margins? Like your current guidance 
is 10 to 12 percentage for the PAT. So how much...? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, yes. See, the tank portion -- sorry, the steel, the iron portion on transformer is something 
around 6% to 7%. That's all. So there may be -- and it will support the supply chain. So the other 
part is improving margin slightly. And it will hugely support the supply chain side. So that is the 
idea of that. 
Gaurav Bhanshali: Got it, sir. Thank you so much and congratulations. 
Vee Rajmohan: Thank you very much. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Nikunj Bhanushali with Wallfort PMS. Please 
go ahead. 
Nikunj Bhanushali: Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations for a good set of numbers.  Sir, I 
wanted to know how much was the contribution from our new facility in the current year? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes. In this -- you're talking about the new facility. 
Nikunj Bhanushali: Yes, yes, new facility, how much was the…? 
Vee Rajmohan: Almost INR170 crores to INR200 crores from the new facility. 
Nikunj Bhanushali: No, no. In the current year, like how much -- in FY26, how much was the contribution in INR182 
crores that we did? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, yes, INR180 crores. On that, what is the contribution you are telling? 
Nikunj Bhanushali: Yes. 
Vee Rajmohan: I think INR20 crores to INR25 crores from the new facility. 
Nikunj Bhanushali: Okay. Okay. And is our new facility -- so how is the ramp-up going on at our new facility? And 
how do you see it going forward? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes. We are very quickly we are ramping up. And all machines have been installed and we have 
very good space; neat, clean space with that. And we have a good senior team. We have acquired 
senior leadership team we have acquired with a vast experience of 30, 35 years experien ce 
people we have. The thing is now by hand working people is a challenge, and we already 
deployed 200 people on that. Output, we are -- the task is to get the output from the newly 
appointed people. So it will take 3 to 4 months to ramp up and get required or expected output. 
Nikunj Bhanushali: Right, sir. So in terms of the labor challenge that we earlier spoke about. 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, yes. Somehow we have managed. And in last 2, 3 months, we have deployed almost 150 
to 200 people. And the challenge is now getting the output, but we are getting -- we are training 
[page 9]
  Supreme Power Equipment Limited 
  June 02, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
the people. And we are expecting this output will come in next couple of months, 2 to 3 months, 
4 months, we will get the expected output. 
Nikunj Bhanushali: Okay. Thank you for that. And in terms of our higher capacity, higher voltage class transformers 
for 220 kV class , so how much confident are we that we'll be delivering more of those orders 
climbing up the value chain? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes. It's a very good question. As of now, we are fully booked with power transformers ranging 
from 25 MVA to 60-70 MVA, and this order can be executed in this full year. In the meanwhile, 
we got order for 160 MVA and 220 kV class and 112 MVA with 333 kV class. So these are the 
two larger power transformers we have secured order. And this to be produced and to be tested 
in this year. So this will help us in the next forthcoming year to execute larger power 
transformers because the credentials -- we are building the credentials in this year. And we got 
50 MVA order also we got . That also has to be type tested. Prototype test has to be done. So 
these are the things which will be happening in this year. And parallelly, we are making a 
revenue of INR20 crores to INR300 crores -- INR250 crores to INR300 crores with the existing 
order size. 
Nikunj Bhanushali: Right sir. Do we…? 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt. We request you to please rejoin the queue if you have any further  questions. 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Aditya with Financially Free. Please go 
ahead. 
Aditya: Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. I have two questions. First is on the transformer oil and other 
raw materials in the industry, it's rising. So how we are mitigating that or what impacts you see 
on that front? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes. The same question already I have answered. Again, I'll do that. See, most of the order which 
are to be supplied after 5, 6 months, we will get a price variation clause, what we call as PVC 
clause. So either variation on the positive side or the negative side should be passed on to the 
end customer. So that type of price variation clause we are having. And the deliveries below 3, 
4 months, for that the price variation clause will not be applied. 
And while getting that order, we used to book our end-to-end, back-to-back we’ll book our raw 
material in consultation with our suppli ers. Since we have a very long period of relationship, 
more than 20-30 years, we have a relationship with the vendors. So we'll be able to manage that. 
And there is a marginal pressure was there. Margin pressure was there. So that is the reason there 
was a dip of 1% to 1.5% when compared to last year. 
Aditya: Got it, sir. And secondly, for the new capacity, entire capacities for the power transformer or is 
it some component of distribution transformer as well from the new capacity? 
Vee Rajmohan: Actually, the capacity is built only for a larger power transformer. See, larger power means that 
is say above 50 MVA or 80 MVA -100 MVA somewhere around that.  But immediately, we'll 
not be able to get larger power transformer orders because of our credenti als. So we got orders 
[page 10]
  Supreme Power Equipment Limited 
  June 02, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
for transformers ranging from 60 MVA to 50 MVA and we got order for 50 MVA , 160 MVA, 
220 kV class and 112 MVA, 330 kV class.  
 These transformers are expected to deliver next financial year. So in the meanwhile, we will do 
all the prototype and prototype test from CPRI, the type of test and manufacturing will be done 
in this year. So that we will have a larger number of larger power transformer in the fourth  
coming years. 
Aditya: Got it. And sir, last question, I was going to the PPT. There was a mention about the DC orders 
and the current data that is going on India. So -- but to quantify it, how big roughly the 
opportunity could be for us from the DC side, any ballpark on that? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, DC there is a very good opportunity in  the upcoming year. And as of now also there is a 
very good demand for larger power transformer, which is more than 100 MVA and 160 MVA. 
And since we don't have the credentials, now only we got the credentials, we got the purchase 
order from a registered company. 
 Now we have to do the prototype, then only we will be able to get orders from DC. So -- and 
there is a very huge demand which we are getting from the market. Huge demand is there for 
larger power transformer for next 5 years. 
Aditya: Got it, sir. That's it from my side. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ranga Rushwith an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Ranga Rushwith: Can the company profitably utilize expanded 9,000 kilowatt capacity or there any risk of under 
utilization? 
Vee Rajmohan: As of now, we are aiming for INR270 crores to INR300 crores revenue for this financial year. 
So for that, we have a full order book. And gradually, we have to increase the utilization. I think 
from INR270 crores to INR300 crores, I think we can -- we believe we can achieve that revenue. 
Ranga Rushwith: What is the confirmed order book of this year? 
Vee Rajmohan: As of date, we are holding INR585.14 crores. 
Ranga Rushwith: Sir, what is the current utilization of the old plant and the new common facilities separately? 
Vee Rajmohan: The old facility is something around 60 -- sorry, 70% to 78%. And the new facility is very less. 
Last year, INR20 crores, but gradually, we have to increase. 
Ranga Rushwith: Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saurabh Gupta with Financially Free. Please 
go ahead. 
[page 11]
  Supreme Power Equipment Limited 
  June 02, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
Saurabh Gupta: Congrats for the great set of numbers, sir. Sir, I just have a couple of questions. First is if you 
can provide the breakup of your order book that you have INR588 crores of order book you have 
mentioned from previous participant that within 4 years of order book, you don't have pass -
through clause. So I just want to know that out of INR588 crores, how much of our order book 
that is to be executed in the next 4 months? 
Vee Rajmohan: Next 4 months, you are asking about the second -- this first quarter and this next quarter? Out of 
that actually totally in this year, we are planning to achieve maximu m is INR300 crores from 
INR275 crores to INR300 crores. So in this first quarter, generally, in this trade, the first quarter 
will be -- the revenue will be less. And it will go up to first quarter, I think we are planning up 
to INR50 crores to INR60 crores in this first quarter. Gradually it happens. 
Saurabh Gupta: In first quarter? Means INR120 crores in H1? Is my understanding correct? 
Vee Rajmohan: No, It will gradually increase -- it will gradually increase. The second quarter, third quarter will 
be gradually increasing. 
Saurabh Gupta: And the next question is the capex that you have mentioned of INR25 crores. So when will it go 
live, sir for the tank? 
Vee Rajmohan: No. We are expecting this will come into operation next financial year. 
Saurabh Gupta: Okay, sir. And sir, as I have heard from other participants and other players in the industry that 
they are facing raw material price issue in Q3 and Q4, majorly in Q4 because of the Iran war. 
So what is your take on that, sir? How it will impact our margin in H1, sir? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, yes, there is a drop of PAT margin of 1.5%. And luckily, we booked a large quantity of 
transformer oil in advance. Copper price, there was also a steep price so that also we recently, 
strategically we have procured. That is why there was a drop of 1% to 1.5% on PAT. 
Saurabh Gupta: Sir, I just want to know that this 14.6% of EBITDA margin that we have reported in H2, is it 
sustainable for H1 as well or we will see further decline in H1 in our EBITDA margins because 
of the price escalation? 
Vee Rajmohan: No. For the Q1 already, we have booked most of the raw material in the month of March itself. 
So I think there should not be any dip unless any force majeure clause applied. So this should 
sustain. 
Saurabh Gupta: And sir, for the last question that I have… 
Moderator: We request you to please rejoin the queue if you have any further questions.  Thank you. Our 
next question is a follow-up from Nikunj Bhanushali with Wallfort PMS. Please go ahead. 
Nikunj Bhanushali: Sir, one thing only just that what additional certifications or qualifications do we need in order 
to supply power transformers above 220 kV class? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes. We need to do a prototype test prototype. We have to make one 160 MVA transformer 
voltage class of 220 kV that we have to design, manufacture and it has to be tested in CPRI, 
[page 12]
  Supreme Power Equipment Limited 
  June 02, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Central Power Research Institute. We have to do the test, and it has to be certified. So for that 
first stage is, we have to procure order for that because it costs more than INR14 crores, INR15 
crores, INR16 crores. 
 So we will not be able to invest and keep it for customer to buy. And in our case, generally, it 
will take 2 years or 1.5 years from this stage. But as Supreme marketing team was done well, 
they got an order for 160 MVA immediately. And the thing is we need to manufacture, design, 
manufacture and test it and test has to pass successfully. So this is the certification. That is what 
we call special test. 
Nikunj Bhanushali: And how much time would it take in order to be -- for this test certification to be completed? 
Vee Rajmohan: So we are planning to do this test end of this year, that is on December, which on January, we 
will do the test. 
Nikunj Bhanushali: Okay. Okay. Post which about 220 kV class we can continuously supply. 
Vee Rajmohan: Continuously, we can make, correct. 
Nikunj Bhanushali: Okay. Okay. And for our additional facility, how much of this can we do -- how much MVA 
can we do higher power transformer about 220 kV class and how much below 220 kV class? 
Vee Rajmohan: No, that is mainly we have the capacity to manufacture up to 200 MVA to 220 kV class. Up to 
that, we can make. Only this based on the order book. 
Nikunj Bhanushali: Okay. Thank you for the answers. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Achuth, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Achuth: My first question is, in the long term, do you have any plans to go with high voltage transformer 
up to 765 kV in the long term, what is the plan? 
Vee Rajmohan: No, we have a plan, but not in next 2 to  3 years. First, we need to make the new plant utilize 
fully. So parallelly, we need to plan for further 760 kV and all. As of now, we don't have plan.  
Vision is there, but as of now… 
Achuth: Yes. Currently, it is 220 kV right sir? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, 220 kV. That is by -- in Phase 2, by addition of a few testing equipment, we can go up to 
300 kV- 330 kV. 
Achuth: And how is the demand, sir, like for the next few years as you already expanded the capacity to 
peak utilization of INR560 crores . Do you think ma ybe in next 2 or 3 years we will reach 
maximum peak utilization? 
Vee Rajmohan: We will need to? 
Achuth: We will reach peak utilization in 3 years, sir? 
[page 13]
  Supreme Power Equipment Limited 
  June 02, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, yes. 
Achuth:  Is the demand supporting it, sir? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes. Definitely. The demand is very huge. Huge demand is there; a number of data centers are 
coming up. And the government is also interested in more  -- investing in power sector and in 
renewable energy also, they are very much interested, both the State government and the Central 
governmental all put together they are very much interested in renewable energy. So, the demand 
is there. This is as per the market information. 
Achuth: And how much percentage of the order book is power transformer, out of 500 list stores we have, 
how much percentage is power transformer and solar transformer? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes. Distribution transformer is 20% out of this INR585 crores. Power transformers are holding 
73% and 6% to 7% is inverter duty transformers. 
Achuth: Sir what is your timeline for executing this current order book? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, 30% will be executed in next financial year. So, there is a- INR173 crores will be executed 
in next year. And for that, INR412 crores, INR400 crores to INR420 crores will be executed this 
year. This is  the plan , but depends upon the from the payment from customer and the raw 
material production cycle. So based on that, we are expecting INR300 crores  -- INR270 crores 
to INR300 this year. 
Achuth: Sir, last question in December this year we will be enabling for migration to main board. So, are 
we in line, sir? Earlier plans to… 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes. We are very much focused on boarding on the main board. We have a plan. 
Achuth: Thank you sir. 
Moderator: Our next question is a follow-up from Saurabh Gupta from Financially Free. Please go ahead. 
Saurabh Gupta: Sir, as you have just that mentioned that the split of your order book, around 72% is power and 
around 30% is distribution. So, I just wanted to know the execution time of different 
transformers, sir. 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, here 30% to 35% will be executed next year, next year financial year. So around INR400 
crores we need to execute this year, putting together both distribution transformer and power 
transformer. 
Saurabh Gupta: No, no Sir, I wanted to know, how much time it takes to supply distribution transformer versus 
power transformer. 
Vee Rajmohan: Okay. See, again, it depends upon the size of the transformer, what is the capacity of the 
transformer. If you talk about 16 kV distribution transformer and 500 kV distribution 
transformer. This takes 4 weeks from the date of first material arrival; it takes 4 weeks to deliver, 
to manufacture, not to deliver, to manufacture. 
[page 14]
  Supreme Power Equipment Limited 
  June 02, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
But in the same test of power transformer. It takes 2 to 3 months. If it is for 25 MVA. It will take 
6 weeks or 6 weeks to 8 weeks. And if the capacity increase from 50 MVA or 100 MVA, it will 
take 3 to 4 months -- to manufacture, yes. Yes. (45:38) It is a product mix. 
Saurabh Gupta:  For inverter, sir? 
Vee Rajmohan:  Inverter will take six to eight weeks. 
Saurabh Gupta: Okay, generally means 1 month for distribution transformer around 3 to 4 months for power 
transformer and 2 months for energy transformers. Is my understanding correct? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, yes, correct. Correct. Here it will vary from the size of the transformer, depends upon the 
customer requirement, it will vary. So, manufacturing time is the lead time is what I said is that. 
Saurabh Gupta: Okay. And how much time it takes for supply, Sir. If you just provide a ballpark number? 
Vee Rajmohan: Can you come again, please? 
Saurabh Gupta: Sir, how much time it takes for supply, sir? Sir, as you said that it takes 3 months to manufacture 
a power transformer, then how much time it takes to reach to the client, sir? 
Vee Rajmohan: Then again, we have to see we will get some advance  10% to 30% advance we will get. And 
balance, you know, stage by stage we have to get.  And final, we have to get the final payment, 
then we have the advertisement there. So, the other side, the customer side, the plinth, the other 
infrastructure should be ready, then only they will lift. So, it will take little time, this other side. 
Saurabh Gupta: Okay, sir. Got it. Thank you, that's it from my side. 
Vee Rajmohan: Okay. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as our last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to Mr. Parth Acharya for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Parth Acharya: Thank you everyone, for joining the conference call of Supreme Power Equipment Limited. If 
you have any further queries, you can write us at research@kirinadvisors.com. Once again, thank 
you, everyone, for joining the conference. 
Vee Rajmohan: Thank you very much everyone. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Kirin Advisors Private Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
