[page 1]
 
 
 
Date: 21.08.2026 
 
To, 
The Manager - Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
‘Exchange Plaza’, Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400051 
 
 
(Script Symbol: SUPREMEPWR) 
Subject: Submission of Transcript of the Earnings Conference call held on Monday, 
August 17, 2026 at 02:00pm. 
   
 
Dear Sir /Ma’am, 
 
In continuation of our earlier letter dated August 17, 2026 informing about the audio link of the 
Earnings Conference Call and Pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosures Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the Company is hereby 
submitting transcripts of Earnin gs Conference call of the analyst/investor conference call 
which was held on Monday, August 17, 2026 at 02:00 PM to discussed the U-Audited Financial 
Results (Standalone and Consolidated) of the Company for the quarter ended 30th June, 2026. 
 
The Nature of the Meeting is: Group meet. 
 
 
Kindly acknowledge and take the same on records. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Supreme Power Equipment Limited   
 
 
 
Priyanka Bansal           
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 
[page 2]
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“Supreme Power Equipment Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 17, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
      
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VEE RAJMOHAN – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – SUPREME POWER EQUIPMENT LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR:  MR. PARTH ACHARYA – KIRIN ADVISORS PRIVATE 
LIMITED 
 
 
 

[page 3]
  Supreme Power Equipment Limited 
  August 17, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call of 
Supreme Power Equipment Limited, hosted by Kirin Advisors Private Limited.  As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing st ar then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
 I would now hand the conference over to Mr. Parth Acharya from Kirin Advisors Private 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Parth Acharya: Thank you. Good aftern oon, everyone. On behalf of Kirin Advisors, I welcome you all to the 
conference call of Supreme Power Equipment Limited. From the management team, we have 
Mr. Vee Rajmohan, Chairman and Managing Director of the company. 
 With that, now I hand over the call to Mr. Vee Rajmohan for the opening remarks. Over to you, 
sir. 
Vee Rajmohan: Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Supreme Power Equipment Limited, I extend a warm 
welcome to everyone joining us today for our Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you 
for taking the time to be with us and for your continued interest in the company. 
 Before discussing the quarter's performance, I would like to introduce briefly introduce Supreme 
Power Equipment Limited. SPEL is a transformer manufacturing company with over 3 decades 
of experience delivering solutions across power generation, transmission, distribution and 
renewable energy segments with an expanded manufacturing capacity of approximately 9,000 
MVA and capabilities of up to 200 MVA, 220 kV, we are well positioned to address larger and 
high-value opportunities across India's evolving power infrastructure landscape. 
 Coming to our financial performance for the quarter. We have started FY27 on an encouraging 
note, supported by healthy execution momentum and sust ained demand for our transformer 
solution. During Q1 FY27, our total income stood at INR48.31 crores, registering growth of 
37.33 % year-on-year. EBITDA stood at INR8.89 crores, growing 32.2% year-on-year with an 
EBITDA margin of 18.4%. 
 Total profit -- net profit -- sorry, net profit stood at INR4.9 crores, registering growth of 10.4% 
year-on-year with a net margin of 10.14%.  EPS for the quarter stood at INR1.96, growing 
10.11% year -on-year. While margins witnessed some moderation during the quarter, 
profitability remained healthy. 
 We continue to maintain a disciplined approach towards pricing, procurement and operational 
efficiency. As the scale of operation increases, our focus remains on improving execution 
efficiency and delivering greater operating le verage from our expanded manufacturing 
capabilities. 
[page 4]
  Supreme Power Equipment Limited 
  August 17, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
 Coming to our operational performance. Order inflows remained strong during the quarter. We 
secured 10 orders aggregating INR195.64 crores during Q1 FY27 with the execution time lines 
ranging between 7 months to 17 months. We also expanded our geographical presence into 
Maharashtra, further broadening our presence across key markets. 
 Our order book stands at INR590.06 crores as of August 13, 2026, providing healthy execution 
visibility over the coming q uarters. In terms of customer mix, government orders stand at 
INR177.6 crores, representing approximately 30.10% of the total order book, while 
nongovernment orders stands at INR412.46 crores, represent approximately 69.9%. 
 From the product perspective, power transformers constitute the largest share on the order book 
at INR453.83 crores, representing approximately 76.91%. This is followed by distribution 
transformers at INR105.27 crores, representing 17.84% and inverter duty  transformer at 
INR30.96 crores, representing 5.25%. 
 The composition of our order book provides us with a healthy mix across government and 
nongovernment customers, while the strong contribution from power transformer reflects our 
increasing participation in larger and higher-value projects. 
 I would all like to brief touch upon our new Kannur manufacturing facility, which became 
operational during the previous quarter. The facility has strengthened our overall manufacturing 
capacity to approximately 9,000 MVA with capabilities extending up to 200 MVA, 220 kV. 
 The facility enhances our ability to manufacture high voltage and larger power transformers, 
undertake larger projects and cater to opportunities across transmission, data centers and 
industrial applications. 
 As utilization progressively ramps up, we expect it to support higher revenue potential and 
improved operating leverage. Looking ahead, our immediate priorities remain the timely 
execution of our strong order book and the progressive ramp -up of our new manufacturing 
facility. 
 At the same time, we will continue to pursue new opportunities across power transmission, 
distribution, renewable energy and industrial application and other emerging demand segments. 
With our expanded capacity, enhanced technical capabilities, strong order pipeline and growing 
geographic presence, we believe we are well positioned to participate in the opportunities 
emerging across India's power infrastructure sector. 
 We remain focused on scaling the business in a measured  manner while maintaining execution 
discipline, operational efficiency and our commitment towards sustainable and profitable growth 
over medium to long term. 
 Before concluding, I would like to sincerely thank our employees, our SPEL team for their 
dedication, commitment and continued effort. I would like to thank our shareholders, customers, 
investors, business partners and all our stakeholders for their continued trust and support. Thank 
you once again to everyone for joining us today. 
[page 5]
  Supreme Power Equipment Limited 
  August 17, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
 With that, I would now like to open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question -and-answer session. The first question 
is from Garvit Goyal from Serene Alpha. 
Garvit Goyal: Sir, my first question is on the margin front. If you loo k at the gross margins for this quarter, 
there has been a significant improvement. So I just wanted to understand like despite the elevated 
cost, how did we manage that? That's my first question. 
Vee Rajmohan: That is you are asking about the core price. How do we manage... 
Garvit Goyal: Gross profit margins, yes. If you see previously in Q4 and Q1 last year, it was in the range of 
23.80%, right? In this quarter, it is 28.82%. So is it a sort of any inventory gain lying there? 
Vee Rajmohan: I could not get your question? 
Garvit Goyal: Sir, I'm just trying to understand there is improvement in our gross profit margins. While 
EBITDA level, we declined. But at gross profit level, there is improvement in this quarter. So I 
just wanted to understand the reason for that? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes. Yes. Since we took orders mostly with the price variation clause. And though there was a 
geopolitical issues were there due to that, the price rise of the raw materials are being absorbed 
because of this price variation clause, which we get from our buyers. So the margin was able to 
maintain and it was the reason it was absorbed, and it was passed out. 
Garvit Goyal: So how we should look at these margins going forward in Q2 and Q3 and Q4, specifically when 
the newer plant ramp-up will keep on increasing, right? So what should be the margin trajectory 
from here on, the rest of the year? 
Vee Rajmohan: We believe it will be maintained or sustained between 10% to 12%. 
Garvit Goyal: That is the net margins you are speaking about, right? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, I'm talking about the PAT, profit margin... 
Garvit Goyal: My question is on the operating leverage to kick in. If you look at the existing plant utilization -
- sorry, new plant utilization is lower level, right? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, I understand your question. It will be maintained between 18% to 20%. 
Garvit Goyal: Okay. EBITDA margins will be maintained between 18% to 20%. 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, between 18% to 20%. 
Garvit Goyal: Understood. And sir, from the point of competitive landscape, while our order book is majorly 
in the power transformers, right, which is a more critical thing as compared to the distribution 
and the capacity buildup we are seeing in the renewable transform ers. So how we should look 
[page 6]
  Supreme Power Equipment Limited 
  August 17, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
at in terms of the product mix going ahead, the kind of order inflow we are expecting for the rest 
of the year, how we should look at this mix, sir? 
Vee Rajmohan: See, as of now, we are holding an order book of INR590 crores. Out of that, the product mix is 
-- distribution is around 18%, approximately 18%. Power transformer is almost 76% and inverter 
duty transformer is almost 5 -- sorry, 6% -- 5.25%. This is the product mix which we got order. 
Now we are more focusing on power transformers, larger power transformers. 
Garvit Goyal: Okay. So how we should look at the order inflow expectations for rest of the year? I mean can 
you give any number like this kind of orders we can expect in terms of the amount, right, for 
rest of the year? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, we are expecting another INR300 crores to INR500 crores order, which we have already 
quoted and negotiation in the various stages. It was in various stages. So we are expecting 
another INR300 crores to INR500 crores order. 
Garvit Goyal: In this financial year, these will be closed. That's what you are saying? 
Vee Rajmohan: Not like that. We will get order. See, this year, we'll be able to complete 300 -- almost INR250 
crores to INR300 crores this year. 
Garvit Goyal: Okay. So this year... 
Vee Rajmohan: Balance will be passed on to next year. 
Garvit Goyal: Sorry, this year, our top line target is INR300 crores, right? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, INR250 crores to INR300 crores. 
Garvit Goyal: I think earlier you mentioned INR300 crores, isn't it? So is there any specific reason we... 
Vee Rajmohan: No. I said it's between INR250 crores to INR300 crores. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Pankaj from Avis Capital. 
Pankaj: Congrats for good set of numbers. My first question is, sir, wh at is our current capacity 
utilization, more especially considering the new plant has come into place? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, yes. The new plant, our capacity is almost 20% to 25% utilization as of now. We are 
utilizing 20% to 25%. 
Pankaj: And what is the expectation we have, sir, for FY27? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, maximum, we can go up to INR250 crores to INR300 crores. 
Pankaj: And what would be the capacity utilization, say, in Q4 FY27? 
Vee Rajmohan: Will be between 30% to 50%. 
[page 7]
  Supreme Power Equipment Limited 
  August 17, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Pankaj: Sir, I think knowing we have INR590-odd crores of order book in place. So how much of this 
we are expecting to deliver in FY27 and how much in FY28? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes. Out of this INR590 crores as per the delivery requirement of the customers is INR377 
crores should be completed before March. And INR212 crores will be delivered after March. 
Next year, it will pass on to the next year. 
Pankaj: So if you have to deliver INR370-odd crores in this financial year, then how can our top line be 
in the range of INR250 crores to INR300 crores? 
Vee Rajmohan: Correct. Because their customers, they are placing order 1 year before. So there may be some 
delay in the project or the progress of the project. So there may be some lapse. So cautiously, 
we are telling between INR250 crores to INR300 crores we can make this year. 
Pankaj: So if I read it correctly, you're saying on an optimistic note, we can expect a top line of INR370-
plus-odd crores. On a cautious note, we are saying INR250 crores to INR300 crores. Is that 
right? 
Vee Rajmohan: No, no. We cannot go up to INR377 crores because all the customers will not take the 
transformer on the date of delivery. And for 10%, 20% customers the orders are they are 
extending their delivery period. So depending upon the requirement of the customer, we have to 
manufacture. Otherwise, then we have to keep the transformer in our place. So we are cautiously 
taking that INR250 crores to INR300 crores will be done this year. 
Pankaj: Okay. And one related question with such a beautiful order book we  have in hand. So what -- 
how are we kind of looking at working capital more especially in terms of inventory and debtors? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes. Now we have approached the banks for higher limits. And inventory, at least 2 months -- 
2 to 2.5 months inventory, we have to hold. 
Pankaj: And how about debtors, sir? 
Vee Rajmohan: Debtors cycle will be around 90 to 100 days -- 80 to 100 days. 
Pankaj: Okay. So almost Okay, sir. My last question is that, are we thinking about migration to main 
board considering that we are going to be due for migration in the next couple of quarters? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, yes. We have a plan to migrate to main board. 
Pankaj: And are you planning very much in line with when it's getting due? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, we have a plan. In an appropriate time, we will definitely come into the main board. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Sanjiv Mittal, an Individual Investor. 
Sanjiv Mittal: So like your number is really good, the performance and I like you have a good order book,  
everything is there. But I have seen that there are 2 expenses, which has grown multifold. One 
is the employee cost. As compared to Q1 '26 to Q1 '27, it's become around 4x and other expenses, 
[page 8]
  Supreme Power Equipment Limited 
  August 17, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
that has also grown from INR1.11 crores to INR3.17 crores. So what's the main reason for such 
a high growth in these expenses, which is... 
Vee Rajmohan: It's a nice question. The employee benefits have increased. because when compared to last year 
first quarter, that is June 2025, we have not deployed any people for t he new plant. So the new 
plant came into operation in the month of January, the first -- January -- mid of January only. So 
full-fledged, we start production, commercial trial production and commercial production in the 
month of February. 
 So now we have deployed more people for the new unit. So naturally, the employee benefits will 
high. The plant is almost 5 x, 6x, 7x bigger than the existing one. So we need -- earlier here in 
the Unit 1, we have 60 to 80 people. Whereas in the new plant, we have deployed more than 250 
people. So the expenses and everything will increase. So then only the revenue can be happened. 
Sanjiv Mittal: And regarding other expenses? 
Vee Rajmohan: The same way. same way. All the expenses are increasing. The plant is 6x bigger – 6x to 7x 
bigger. And we are aiming almost double this year. So the expenses will also increase. 
Sanjiv Mittal: Sir, I got your point. So the same point, when the new plant is there with the new capacities, 
everything is there, so it will enhance the margins of the business or it will remain the same? 
Vee Rajmohan: No. Since we are more focusing on power transformers, we are -- we believe we will get little 
1% or 2% more margin. But this margin will be absorbed by the overheads. I mean the employee 
costs and the expenses. So we believe it will sustain. It will maintain the same. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Paras Chheda from Purpleone Vertex Ventures LLP. 
Paras Chheda: Sir, you mentioned between INR250 crores to INR300 crores for FY27. And f or FY28, what 
will be our guidance, sir? And do we still maintain 10% to 12% PAT margin for that? Or would 
that be a shade higher given that the capacity ramp-up happen? 
Vee Rajmohan: Once the capacity ramp up also, the margin will be maintained the same. 
Paras Chheda: Okay, sir. And in terms of... 
Vee Rajmohan: Year-on-year, 30% -- minimum 30% rise will be there on the revenue. 
Paras Chheda: Right, sir. So sir, as a peak revenue from both the plants, what number would you put, sir? 
Vee Rajmohan: It will be INR600 crores to INR650 crores. 
Paras Chheda: Okay. And that's more likely achievable in FY29 or further in FY30? 
Vee Rajmohan: FY29. We believe... 
[page 9]
  Supreme Power Equipment Limited 
  August 17, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Paras Chheda: So if I just put the number, sir, I mean, just for understanding, let's say, if you manage to achieve 
about INR300 crores this year, then about 30% higher, which will be INR400 crores for FY28. 
Then we are saying probably another INR200 crores in FY29, is it? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes. The total revenue may come to INR600 crores, INR550 crores to INR600 crores in FY29. 
Paras Chheda: Right. So I'm just trying to understand that for FY29, we'll be then executing about INR550 
crores to INR600 crores, which will be incrementally about INR150 crores to INR200 crores 
more. Can that INR150 crores to INR200 crores itself will be executed in FY28? Because we're 
saying 30%, which is INR100 crores. So I'm saying can INR150 crores be executed? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, 30%, definitely, there will be increase. 
Paras Chheda: But can you execute higher than that for FY28? I'm just trying to understand that? 
Vee Rajmohan: But now we are ramping up. We are more focusing on the execution side. Now we have enough 
money, machines are there, space is there, all technology orders also there. Now we are more 
focusing on the execution part. So we have to ramp up to get that revenue. So orders are there. 
Paras Chheda: 30%, can we increase by 40% or 50% because that will be still only -- even 50%, will be INR150 
crores. That means INR450 crores for FY28. Is that possible, sir? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes. You can take us 30% as our guideline, 30% year-on-year, there will be an increase of 30%. 
Paras Chheda: Understood, sir. And now sir, we've got INR590 crores of order book. Now can we say that 
minimum INR500 crores of order book we will maintain hence forth, given that we are now also 
ramping up. So at all times, even after execution, about INR500 crores of order book will be 
maintained? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, yes. It can be... 
Paras Chheda: Because we secured almost INR200 crores in Q1. 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, yes. We have -- we believe definitely it will be maintained. 
Paras Chheda: More than INR500 crores, is it? 
Vee Rajmohan: Maintained between INR500 crores to INR600 crores. 
Paras Chheda: Understood, sir. And just 2 more queries, sir. Any breakthrough on the export side, sir? Because 
on that front, maybe margins could be a little bit more than compared to the domestic? 
Vee Rajmohan: Correct. As of now, direct export is not there. Significantly, the export figures are not there. Let 
us see in the next forthcoming years. 
Paras Chheda: Right, sir. And we believe, sir, the margins, even if the  copper prices were to rise, et c., the 
margins will be a pass -through, right? So we won't be hit in general over a medium -term 
[page 10]
  Supreme Power Equipment Limited 
  August 17, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
perspective, probably a quarter may get hit, but more or less, the pa ss-through arrangement is 
there? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes. Most of the order we have price variation clause. Almost 80%, 85% order which we are 
holding is covered with price variation clause. So whatever the price rise will be passed on to 
the buyer. 
Paras Chheda: Right, sir. And sir, in terms of working capital, if we -- as we move towards close to INR400 
crores and INR600 crores of revenue, can you reach the peak revenue without further equit y 
raise or we will require equity before that? 
Vee Rajmohan: That we have not yet decided. But anyhow, we have approached bank and they have given 
adequate limits. 
Paras Chheda: So the banking working capital limit is there, but will we require further equity raise to support 
the INR600 crores revenue ambition? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, that we have to decide next year only. So for this year, there is no requirement for equity 
dilution. So as you know, the equity dilution is the costliest fund compared with bank 
borrowings. 
Paras Chheda: But will we require any fund equity? 
Vee Rajmohan: This year... 
Paras Chheda: Not this year. I'm saying even if we were to... 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes. Next year, '27, '28 may require. 
Paras Chheda: Understood, sir. Okay. And on this main  board thing, sir, I mean, as soon as we -- our window 
opens, would we be happy to transition on the main board? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, sir, yes, sir. We are also planning to migrate to main board. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Manish from One308 Ventures. 
Manish: Sir, most of the questions have been answered by you already. So I'm left with a couple of 
questions, which I'm raising it with you if permitted. Sir, in the last con call, we mentioned about 
some tank manufacturing capacities to be put up. Any update on that, sir? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes. We bought the land a year back. And now the statutory approvals, we have applied for the 
statutory approvals. So we are waiting for the approval to be done. So almost 6, 7 departments 
it has -- they have to approve. I think we will get the approval before end of next month. So we 
can start construction. I think before March, I think this facility will complete. 
Manish: And sir, what is the capex we are likely to do there? What is the amount of capex? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, it's around INR20 crores, INR22 crores. 
[page 11]
  Supreme Power Equipment Limited 
  August 17, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Manish: Okay. So we will be raising term loans from the banks for that? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, we will be raising term loans for that. 
Manish: Okay, sir. And in terms of, sir, combined both the plants put together, our capacity utilization 
would be how much for the whole of FY27? 
Vee Rajmohan: Unit 1, it was utilized fully. Unit 2, 25% to 30% will be the utilization. 
Manish: Understand, sir. Have you seen any order inflows from the data center segment, sir, till now? 
Vee Rajmohan: We have started approaching data centers, and they are looking for a larger power transformers, 
whereas we have to give a certificate that is design validation certificate type certificate. So we 
are -- now we got 2 numbers of 165 MVA from KPTCL. So based on that, that inquiries can be 
fulfilled. So we are also approaching data centers. So as of now, we have not received any order. 
Manish: Okay. So are we seeing any orders coming from data center segment in the FY27? 
Vee Rajmohan: FY27 we'll not get. FY27, '28 we'll get. 
Manish: Understand, sir. And sir, any sense you can share -- you can give on any potential overcapacity 
in the industry up to 220 kV transformers? 
Vee Rajmohan: For 220 kV transformers, number of players are less compared to all pan -India, number of 
players are less. But anyhow, demand is very high. Demand is very high.  From the market 
information, at least minimum 10 years, this demand will sustain. And no t only in India, but 
overall global -- across globe, the demand is good. Demand is very good. 
Moderator: The next follow-up question is from the line of Garvit Goyal from Serene Alpha. As there is no 
response from the participant, we'll move to the next. 
 The next question is from the line of Harinder Singh from HS Portfolio Management. 
Harinder Singh: I have a few questions. The order booking which we have for this year. So as you said, the 70% 
of the orders are with LME. Just want to recheck on this because typically, the transformers with 
shorter lead time are with fixed price contract. So I just want to make sure that the order book 
which we have, 70% of those orders are not fixed price, those are linked to LME.  My 
understanding is correct? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes. It's almost 80%. 80% is covered with the price variation clause. 
Harinder Singh: Very good. So this is something which is not very common in smaller rating and shorter lead 
time. Customers always try to secure it by giving a fixed price, but this is good that we have a 
secured order? 
Vee Rajmohan: No. Generally, we don't take secure order without price variation. Since there was large 
difference, the price rise and the other things. 
[page 12]
  Supreme Power Equipment Limited 
  August 17, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Harinder Singh: Correct. So just wanted to check on this also, like f or the cast resin type transformers, even if 
you want to take some time to get into the data center business, but into this data center industry, 
there are only 2 players which are acceptable in the data center industry. One might be the SGB 
transformers and might be second one is the Voltamp or Sudhir. 
 So do you have any plans because this is an easy breakthrough if you want because you don't 
need a typical short circuit test for getting these kind of appro vals, which takes a lot of time?  
Sometimes in Mah arashtra, Bangalore, it takes 2, 3 years to get those approvals. But for cast 
resin type transformers, which are typically very well used into data center, there is no 
competition. So are you planning because it will be easy breakthrough for you to enter into these 
kind of transformers? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes. Now is the time to break the barrier. So we will -- we are trying to enter data centers. And 
as of now, we have quoted. But as of now, we have not secured any order from data centers. 
Harinder Singh: Yes. Okay. So like power transformers also, if you see companies like Siemens, company like 
Bharat Bijlee or Transformer and Rectifiers, their lead time somewhere for 300 and 500 MVA 
transformers is more than 2 years, right? So if you can get the short circuit test done and at least 
you enter into Maharashtra market where the data center industry is at peak. And in Maharashtra 
and Hyderabad, we have more than 2 gigawatts. 
 Hyderabad is more than 1 gigawatt and Maharashtra, Bombay is more than 2 gigawatt of 
requirement of data centers, which is going on. So if you try at least to get these short circuit test 
approvals up to 300 or at least 325 -- not 500, at least 300 up to 300 MVA if you can get these 
approvals into these 2 states, then your 90% of data center business is secured. 
 So rather than focusing on South Bangalore, Pune and other regions, the only feedback is please 
focus on Hyderabad and Mumbai, which is 90% of the data center business, which is going into 
this industry. 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, absolutely right. The suggestion is well taken. Actually, our planned capacity as of now is 
to make up to 200 MVA up to 220 kV voltage class. So for going for 300 MVA and 500 MVA, 
we need to enhance our -- we have to expand our facility. See, as of now, our product range will 
be between -- will be below 200 MVA. Don't have that manufacturing facility to make up to 300 
MVA. We can do up to 200 MVA. 
Harinder Singh: Got it. And only feedback to you is don't try to start with hyperscalers like Amazon, Google, 
Microsoft, entering into the data center business will be more difficult for you. Under them, 
there are colocation providers like there are companies like NTT, STT, CC, Nxtra Airtel who 
provides services on rental to these companies. 
 So getting approvals in these companies are easier because these are Indian-specific approvals. 
In companies, if you go to the hyperscalers like Microsoft, Amazon, it will be very, very difficult 
for you to get those approvals. 
 So they do substations also for hyperscalers. They do have 220 kV substation, 400 kV substation, 
where typically a higher rating of transformer goes up to 300 and 500, but the lower rating where 
[page 13]
  Supreme Power Equipment Limited 
  August 17, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
you have the capability, which is 165 MVA transformer where you already have a facility in 
place, and this is also a single project might be a INR50 crores job for you. 
 So it's easier for you to go to this industry where you have a good presence in Chennai, then go 
to C, right, try to get these kind of data center requirement. But for that, the most mandatory 
requirement is you should have local government approval for the short circuit done. So you 
have to put your approvals in place. 
 And rather than going to a big hyperscaler, it's better for you that you go to the colo providers 
because for them, approvals are easier. You  might get it in 1 month's time, which you will not 
get in big companies like Amazon, Microsoft. 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, absolutely right. Absolutely right. First thing is we need to do test on this 165 MVA so that 
we can secure order for 50 MVA, 100 MVA and 16 0 MVA and mostly used in more than 100 
MVA are using in data centers. 
 So with this, if we complete this 160, 165 MVA test, -- so we can cater to data centers, at least 
from 100 MVA, we can do that, 100 to 160 up to 200 MVA we can make. And once we got type 
tested, automatically, it will be -- we will be at par with other suppliers. 
Harinder Singh: Correct. For Mumbai, MSPCL approval and for Hyderabad, TSIIC approval. So these 2 
approvals, if you can focus on rather than Bangalore and other regions will be more helpful for 
you to grow business faster? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, yes. Already, we have got into Telangana and as well as Andhra Pradesh. So yes, we are in 
that position. 
Harinder Singh: Yes. So best of luck, sir, for your business. So I am heavily inves ted into your company, and I 
have a very, very good trust where you are growing. This industry is -- as a country, we are 
expanding into this particular category, and there is no competition because everybody is fully 
booked. So companies like Siemens, the y are running up to more than 2 years order book 
backlog with a PE of more than 120. 
 So it's a good exposure for an Indian company with a very focused approach on power 
transformers to grow. So the only request is focus on your power transformers because these all 
orders, 100% orders are protected by LME and the longer lead time is the issue which is currently 
market is facing. 
 If you focus on this, get your approvals on time, because of the delivery time line, you will be 
able to secure and grow your business faster than anybody else because there is no competition 
in terms of lead time into this industry. So focus on power transformers rather than the smaller 
rating transformers. 
Vee Rajmohan: Correct. Correct. As you said, we are focusing more on power transformers. And that is why we 
secured 75% -- more than 75% of our order book is booked with power transformers. And still, 
we are planning to do higher MVA and higher kV transformers.  So as you suggested, we are 
looking into that. 
[page 14]
  Supreme Power Equipment Limited 
  August 17, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Garvit Goyal from Serene Alpha. 
Garvit Goyal: Can you let us know how this Q2 is going, sir, in terms of execution and margins where we can 
-- what kind of top line we can expect? 
Vee Rajmohan: So for FY27, we can expect between INR250 crores to INR300 crores top line. And the PAT 
margin will be around, we believe it will be around 9% to 12%. 
Garvit Goyal: No, sir, I'm asking about Q2, ongoing quarter, how is it going, sir? I don't mean the number, but 
I'm just trying to understand in terms of execution, how is it going? 
Vee Rajmohan: It is going well. It will be definitely higher than Q1. So now the new facility is ramping up. So 
definitely, it will be higher than Q1 results. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Jitesh K from Tata. 
Jitesh K: I think you have answered almost all the questions. One question. In terms of the new capacity 
in Kannur, right, like the scaling of operations is a bit lagging, I felt. So is there any other 
challenges apart from the workforce you are facing? Because I have seen other transformer 
enablers scaling it in the first quarter, 20%, then they will go to 35% next quarter itself, right?  
By within 1 year, they will be 50% utilization. Whereas, I feel a little bit drag over there. Is there 
any other challenges you're facing in terms of capacity utilization in for the second plant? 
Vee Rajmohan: Actually, the workforce, the training for the workforce, the people who work by hand 
continuously, we are doing training instead of getting from other c ompanies that is skilled 
workers or experienced workers we have not taken. We have up to manager, up to supervisor 
level, we have taken experience with the people. And we deployed some 20% to 25% skilled 
workers from the Unit 1. We have deputed them there.  And balance we have taken from the 
market as freshers. 
 And now we already we have given training for the past 3, 4 months, we have given training, 
and it is ramping up. So definitely, as you said, in Q2, it will be improved. As of now, it is a 
little less. But definitely, it will be improved in Q2. 
Jitesh K: Okay. So main board migration, are we eligible now or is it going to take some time again? 
Vee Rajmohan: Main board, I think will be -- the window will be open after December. 
Jitesh K: Okay. So are we going in the next year -- next year or it will be delayed? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, yes. Next year, definitely, we will. 
Jitesh K: Paperwork will start now itself, right, in that case? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, yes. We already started that. So for that only, we are c ontinuously giving results quarter -
on-quarter. Actually, SME, it is not mandatory to quarterly, but we want to develop a culture 
main board. And all compliance also we need to do. We are on that. 
[page 15]
  Supreme Power Equipment Limited 
  August 17, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Jitesh K: So we are expecting to be on the main board by Q4 this year. 
Vee Rajmohan: Let us see. 
Moderator: The next follow-up question is from the line of Paras Chheda from Purpleone Vertex Ventures 
LLP. 
Paras Chheda: Just wanted your perspective on the demand environment over the next 2 to 3 years? 
Vee Rajmohan: The demand is very high. And as of now, we have -- our order book is INR590 crores, say, 
INR600 crores. Almost INR350 crores, we are going to do this year. And next year, already we 
have booked. 
Paras Chheda: I'm trying to then... 
Vee Rajmohan: Demand is very good. Only thing is we need to execute the orders. 
Paras Chheda: Right. So then the incremental new orders, I mean, especially being power transformers, is there 
a possibility of increasing our gross margins on those new incremental orders given the demand 
environment is tight? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes. Demand yes. Actually, we are now focusing on power transformers, especially for larger 
power transformers. And there, we believe the margin will be slightly 1% or 2% more. And 
equally, that will be absorbed b y the overheads, which we are deploying now, almost 200 to -- 
250 to 300 people we have deployed. So it is balanced there. 
Paras Chheda: Okay. And sir, please go ahead. 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, that's the reason not able to increase above this 9% to 12%. 
Paras Chheda: Okay. Because I thought we were planning about 10% to 12% on PAT margin. 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes. 
Paras Chheda: So do you stick to 10% to 12% or is that 9% to 12%, sir? 
Vee Rajmohan: Maybe 1%, this or that. We are planning to have more margin. Let us try for the better one. 
Paras Chheda: Fair enough, sir. And sir, if you are positive on the medium -term demand environment and 
potentially new capacity expansion plans also come up, if you do plan ahead next year for 
capacity expansion, what kind of capacity you could add any land available for that? And what 
kind of capex could be possible? I'm not saying that the plans are freezed right now. But just 
tentatively, I mean, what kind of capacity addition could be there in the capex and the land 
availability? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes. In this -- now in the Kannur facility, the land is full. This 6 acres only built. So further 
expansion in that place and that location is not possible. So we have to look for a separate land. 
[page 16]
  Supreme Power Equipment Limited 
  August 17, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
And we are also thinking about that, buying land  for our next capex. We are just thinking for 
that. 
Paras Chheda: Okay. And what -- so now our capacity is 9,000 MVA. What kind of capacity addition could we 
think of? 
Vee Rajmohan: Next, we thought of the increase the capability to make 300, 500 MVAs. 
Paras Chheda: Right. And increased by about 2,500, 3,000 MVA? 
Vee Rajmohan: No, no. 300. Now we have capability to do 200 MVA, 220 kV. Now we are -- there, we can 
increase that. That is 300 MVA to 400 MVA, 500 MVA like that. 
Paras Chheda: No, understood, sir. So that category of transformers understood. But overall capacity addition, 
would that be about 3,000 MVA? 
Vee Rajmohan: We have not bought any land, and we don't have any perfect plan. Once it gets freezed, we will 
discuss on that. 
Paras Chheda: Right. And sir, on your little bit of backward integration thing that you had planned to support 
and enhance margins, how is that working out, sir? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, it's working well. And the maximum transformers below 500 kV we are doing there only. 
In this Dan ya Electric Company, we are using backward integration there. that company is 
supporting for that, which is for distribution transformers. 
Paras Chheda: Right. And in general, sir, I mean, any sort of visibility in terms of your international order 
breakthrough as to when can we get into the market? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes. Actually, last 1.5 years, we are trying to get into international market directly. Let us see 
when something comes positive. Definitely, I will inform. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Achuth from Rockstar Equity Research. 
Achuth: In the previous con call, you have guided for 60% growth in FY27, which should come 
somewhere around INR275 crores. That is a minimum you have guided, sir. Now why that? 
Now why are we guiding for INR250 crores to INR300 crores? And what is the possibility that 
we can end up with INR250 crores because the order book is very good and you also have the 
capacity now. What's making you saying that you will be doing INR280 crores? 
Vee Rajmohan: No, no, I should actually, if I commit something less and if you get something better, naturally, 
the investor will be safeguarded. First thing. Giving big figures and I suppose not committing 
this should not affect the investors. And we have  very good visibility to make the revenue 
between INR250 crores to INR300 crores. It may cross INR300 crores also. 
Achuth: Okay. But I mean, what is the possibility, sir? Like I mean you are telling INR250 crores very 
conservatively. What is the possibility of making... 
[page 17]
  Supreme Power Equipment Limited 
  August 17, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Vee Rajmohan: This year, I have committed INR200 crores to INR225 crores -- Sorry, I committed INR200 
crores. Initially, I committed INR225 crores. And later after H2 -- H1, I have started committing 
INR200 crores, but INR190 crores only, INR190 crores only. So I don't want to give a so that 
investors can be well aware of the figures. 
Achuth: And what is -- I mean, what is the expectation on the order book by this year end? 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes. As we said, this -- even after execution, the order book will be maintained between INR500 
crores to INR600 crores. 
Achuth: Okay. And what is the expectation on FY28, sir? FY28, do you have any number in your mind, 
sir, how much you want to do... 
Vee Rajmohan: Yes, 30%, there will be increase. Year-on-year, there will be 30% increase. Say this year, if we 
complete that INR300 crores and next year, it will be around INR400 crores. So 30 % -- 20% to 
30% will be the increase. 
Moderator: As there are no fu rther questions from the participants, I would now hand the conference over 
to Mr. Parth Acharya for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Parth Acharya: Thank you, everyone, for joining the conference call of Supreme Power Equipment Limited. If 
you have any further queries, you can write us at research@kirinadvisors.com. Once again, thank 
you, everyone, for joining the conference. 
Vee Rajmohan: Thank you very much. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Kirin Advisors Private Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
