
[page 1]
 
 
Date: February 14, 2026 
 
To, 
 
National Stock Exchange of  India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051 
Maharashtra, India. 
BSE Limited 
Listing Department 
Floor 25, P J Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001 
Maharashtra, India. 
Symbol: FABTECH Scrip Code: 544558 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on Tuesday, February 10, 2026 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed  herewith the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call  held on Tuesday, 
February 10, 2026, at 10:00 a.m. (IST) to discuss the Company’s Unaudited Financial Results for the quarter 
and nine-months ended December 31, 2025.  
 
Request you to take the above information on record. 
 
Thank you. 
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Fabtech Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
________________ 
Hemant Mohan Anavkar  
Executive Director 
DIN: 00150776 
 
Encl.: As mentioned above 

[page 2]
 
Fabtech Technologies Limited 
Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
10th February, 2026 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. AASIF KHAN – FOUNDER & PROMOTER – 
FABTECH TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
 MR. AMAN ANAVKAR – CHIEF GROWTH OFFICER – 
FABTECH TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
 MR. ASHWANI SINGH – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
FABTECH TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
                                    MR. KARAN DOSHI – HEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS & 
FINANCE STRATEGY – FABTECH TECHNOLOGIES 
LIMITED 
 
HOST: MS. VAISHNAVI VAITY – AKMIL STRATEGIC 
ADVISORS 
 


[page 3]
Fabtech Technologies Limited  
  February 10, 2026 
Page 2 of 23 
 
  
Vaishnavi Vaity:  Good morning, everyone, and thank you. I'm Vaishnavi Vaity  on behalf of AKMIL Strategic 
Advisors. I welcome you all to the Q3 FY26 earnings conference call of Fabtech Technologies 
Limited. Today, we are joined by Mr. Ashwani Singh, Chief Executive Officer. With this, now 
I would like to hand over this call to Ash wani sir, to introduce further. Over to you, sir. Thank 
you. 
 
Ashwani Singh: Yeah. Thank you, thank you, Vaishnavi. Good morning, good morning, all. Thank you for 
joining us. Let me begin with a quick introduction of the leadership team present today. Today 
we do have with us Mr. Aasif Khan, our founder and promoter, Mr. Aman Anavkar, our Chief 
Growth Officer, and Mr. Karan, who leads our investo r relations and strategic analytics. Our 
transition. 
 
Karan Doshi:   Hello, everyone. 
 
Ashwani Singh: Our transition to the public market happened relatively quickly and we did not have the benefit 
of extensive roadshows or the prolonged pre -listing engagement. Despite that, we received a 
very healthy response and we are grateful for the confidence shown in us. At the same time, we 
recognise that our business model and the structural platform we are building are not yet fully 
understood by you. 
 
We are not a conventional contractor. We are building a design -led, globally positioned, life -
Science infrastructure platform focused on a long-term structural growth. We are also concisely 
grooming the next generation of leadership, empowering young talen t to help shape not just 
perfect future, but the evaluation of the market we operate in. In many emerging geographies, 
we are contributing to the very foundation of the pharmaceutical manufacturing capacity.  We 
are building for the decade ahead, not the quarter. With that, I invite our Chief Growth Officer, 
Mr. Aman Anavkar, to take you through the Company in detail. Over to you, Aman. 
 
Aman Anavkar: Good morning, gentlemen, ladies. I hope you're keeping healthy and well. I'm Aman Anavkar. 
I would firstly like to start with a brief presentation of the Fabtech Technologies Limited offering 
that we have. 
 
Milind, can you confirm if my screen is visible? 
 
Vaishnavi Vaity:  No, no, sir. 
 
Aman Anavkar: Just a second. 
Yeah, now is it visible? 
 
Vaishnavi Vaity: Yes. 
 
 

[page 4]
Fabtech Technologies Limited  
  February 10, 2026 
Page 3 of 23 
 
 
Aman Anavkar: Perfect. So, to start off. Fabtech technologies limited, operates in the pharmaceutical healthcare 
and biotech industries, and is the only turnkey life sciences platform with in -house process air 
and water manufacturing. Process air a nd water are the critical lifelines for biopharmaceutical 
facility, and this enables us to take single accountability, single solution responsibility, and 
reduces the entire coordination risk of a pharmaceutical turnkey project. We are a design and 
build e ntity that has been operating over the last three decades, that is 30 years, in  
pharmaceutical emerging markets. Pharmaceutical emerging markets like the Middle East, 
Africa, Persian Gulf, GCC, where medicinal independence is becoming a long -term goal and a 
priority. 
 
With the in-house capabilities that Fabtech Technologies Limited has, the speed to market or the 
go-to-market timelines, are reduced. and the responsibility that we can take ensures that we are 
the reliable partner that is chosen by greenfield  and brownfield entities. Our focus is ensuring 
regulatory, confidence, compliant facilities across the pharmaceutical emerging markets and 
standing by our motto, which is making medicines affordable and available globally.  
 
Through the last three decades, we have built numerous facilities with WHOPQ approvals, EU 
GMP, US FDA, CGMP, and local regulatory approvals across the pharmaceutical emerging  
markets. Our attention to detail in the pharma, healthcare and biotech industries focused on GMP 
compliance, en ergy efficiency, operational efficiency, and contamination-controlled 
environments has allowed us to build several references across 62 countries. 
 
We have our regional presence across Algeria, Nigeria, Egypt, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, UAE, India 
being our roots, but we are a transnational Company. Having the life sciences platform capable 
of executing projects across the pharma emerging markets. I reiterate this. MENA, GCC, 
economical regions like Africa. We are an extremely asset -light, lean, integrated model, which 
combines GMP expertise, which we hold in -house, with over 180 engineers, technicians, 
draftsmen, pharmacists, and experts on our team. We have an order book which you can see as 
of 3rd November 2025.  
 
With the capabilities across HVAC, process, automation, and clean rooms. and we're trusted by 
leading pharma emerging companies and existing pharma giants. The service offering that we 
provide, when we say design and build, as you can see my screen, starts at advisory consulting, 
where we guide our cl ients towards disease profiling, market mapping, market planning, and 
financial feasibilities to ensure that the products that are selected by our client are feasible for 
their markets.  
 
We are also in the business of building profitable businesses for ou r client. So, we have to be 
very selective with the kind of approach that we must have for our business.  
From the disease profiling step, then comes the design, conceptual engineering, basic and detail 
engineering, and then the entire project management cycle, which includes the vendor selection, 
procurement, execution, commissioning, validation, technology transfer, and the after-sale    

[page 5]
Fabtech Technologies Limited  
  February 10, 2026 
Page 4 of 23 
 
 
project support, sales, service, and maintenance. This is the entire service offering of Fabtech  
Technologies Limited that has allowed us the references that we have built.  
 
Now, what you see on the screen is the structure of the Fabtech Technologies Limited Group, 
where we have our operations and our acquired companies present here. You have the turnkey 
engineering services, which is process, air and water, which has F ABL Technologies LLP, 
focused on critical containment solutions, which Fabtech owns 49% of, we have Fabtech 
Technologies LLC, which is a UAE subsidiary through which we acquired 2 years back, FTS 
Cleanrooms Systems LLC. Mark Maker, which focuses on critical granulation, OSD process 
solutions, which we acquire 33% of in 2024. and TSA Process Equipments Private Limited, 
which focuses on critical water solutions, which we will be exiting in the next in this financial 
year. 
 
I would like to now. Focus on, I'm going t o stop my screen sharing and I would like to speak. 
Let me first reiterate that the given nature of our design and build and shipment -based billing. 
Especially with a growing international mix. Quarterly numbers can fluctuate due to timing, 
while the annua l guidance remains the right lens to evaluate performance. Coming to quarter 
three, the softness is purely a timing issue. A meaningful part of Q3 execution was completed 
during the quarter, but not shipped within the same period. In export -oriented design -build 
projects, revenue is recognised only upon shipment, not upon milestone and project progress 
certification. Accordingly, shipments and inspections for certain projects moved early into Q4. 
Activity happened on the ground, but revenue slipped into qua rter four. Additionally, Q3 
absorbed the front-loaded costs with back-ended revenue. Certain expenses, such as engineering, 
mobilization, exhibitions, and international business development, are incurred up front, while 
the corresponding revenues are recog nised with a lag. As a result, Q3 reflects the cost and Q4 
should reflect the payoff. It is important to note that order inflow has not slowed. The order book 
remains strong, pipeline visibility is healthy, and there have been no cancellations or pricing 
pressures. This clearly indicates that the Q3 impact is timing related, not demand related.  
 
Looking ahead, Deferred revenues are expected to be recognised in Q4, and execution 
momentum remains intact. Simply put, execution continues, demand remains strong,  and the 
numbers will follow with timing. We operate in geographies that are on a long journey towards 
medicinal sovereignty, medicinal independence. Many emerging markets want to build their 
own pharmaceutical capabilities rather than depending on imports . This is where we come in. 
We are in the business of building life sciences infrastructure that make medicines possible. We 
are India's global design build platform for advanced life sciences infrastructure. We are not 
building for the quarter. We are bui lding for the curve, and in many cases, helping that curve. 
Our focus is on creating the healthcare backbone for countries that want sovereign pharma 
capabilities. We have also launched our Twitter to consistently share what we are building and 
where we are building it so that our business model and depth of work are clearly understood.  
 
I thank you for this opportunity, and we are open for question. 

[page 6]
Fabtech Technologies Limited  
  February 10, 2026 
Page 5 of 23 
 
 
Vaishnavi Vaity: Thank you, Aman Sir. Investors, the floor is now open for Q&A session. You can raise your 
hands or drop your questions in the chat. Thank you. 
 
Aman Anavkar: Mm. 
The first question by Hiral Desai, and I hope I'm audible. Can you elaborate a bit more on what 
disease profiling means? Yes. Disease profiling is the process of identifying which diseases are 
more prevalent or growing in a certain country or region. Based on this identification of the 
diseases. The client is able to make a collective decision what product he would like to produce. 
 
Aasif Khan:  And I would like to add to that. Disease profiling also kind of pre-empts the disease pattern that 
would going forward emerge in a particular geography. Now, this helps us. In advising the client 
in his selecting the right product portfolio based on which the facility should come up, and as 
Ashwin and Aman have Mentioned. 
 
We are Building profitable businesses, we are helping our clients in those geographies build 
profitable businesses, so disease profiling begins the crux marks the crux of the business. 
 
Vaishnavi Vaity: Next question, please. 
 
Aasif Khan:   You know, we are only allowing type questions, or we can also 
 
Aman Anavkar:  We can also have the audio on. I think Maitri is trying to ask the question. 
 
Vaishnavi Vaity:  Yes, Maitri, you can go ahead and ask the question. 
 
Maitri:   Yeah, hello, am I audible? 
 
Aman Anavkar:  Yes. 
 
Maitri:  Yeah, good morning. Firstly, if you could quantify the revenue that was deferred to Q4 that we  
were supposed to recognise in Q3, if that's possible. 
 
Karan Doshi: Sure, Maitri, I'll take that question. So, around, you know, 20.3 crores of stock of material was 
lying at our port, which got delayed and will be build in Q4. 
 
Aman Anavkar: Yes. 
 
Maitri: And any order book number you could give, which is like related to December figure, because 
in the presentation we mentioned the November order book number, so. 
 
Karan Doshi: So, as of Jan 31st, our outstanding order book is 926 crores. 
 

[page 7]
Fabtech Technologies Limited  
  February 10, 2026 
Page 6 of 23 
 
 
Maitri: 900 and? 
 
Karan Doshi: 26. 
 
Maitri: Twenty-six crores, OK, and this is as of Jan ending. 
 
Karan Doshi: Right, end of Jan, 31st Jan, you can say. 
 
Maitri: Okay, any bids or orders that we have in pipeline that we are expecting to see an inflow in the 
next two months, February, March? 
 
Aasif Khan: I will take. 
 
Yes, there is a very healthy, Karan I'll take it. There is a very healthy hot lead bank that we have, 
close to roughly around $455 million, 455 million US, and you will. 
 
Learn shortly of some very beautiful convergence that are going to happen in Africa a nd the 
Middle East. 
 
Maitri: That is great. And this 926 crores, if you could give me the split between the export and the 
domestic, if that's possible. 
 
Aasif Khan: We have. 
 
Karan Doshi: Maitri, where we only do it, sorry, go ahead. 
 
Aasif Khan: Karan, if She has, then we'll allow India. No, very, very less of domestic numbers, Maitri, here. 
We are largely export focused, the international market, the medicinal, the farm emerging market 
offers such a big potential that we rather focus on the geographies that are perceived to be a no-
go area for many, and hence, when we have ring fenced the market in the last so many years, we 
would want to really reap in the benefits in the times to come. 
 
Maitri: That is great. And each of these orders, if you cou ld tell me the lead time, how long it takes us 
to complete the order and kind of recognise the revenue. 
 
Aasif Khan: Maitri, it seems you're representing the entire investor community, but I'll take it. I think you're 
covering most of the questions. You're covering most of the questions. So generally, up till now, 
we used to be having nine months to 18 months for delivering an order. But going forward, we 
are speeding the process. Even the market is demanding quick deliveries, they're in a rush to 
achieve medicinal independence. Of course, it's a 15-year-old net pipe that we see. But you will 
see a quick realisation happening going forward. 
 

[page 8]
Fabtech Technologies Limited  
  February 10, 2026 
Page 7 of 23 
 
 
Maitri: That is great. Yeah, I think that is it from my side. Thank you so much. 
 
Aasif Khan: Thanks, Maitri. 
 
Vaishnavi Vaity: Thank you. Next question is from Mr. Aniket Madhwani. 
 
Aman Anavkar: OK. Yes. Aniket 
 
Vaishnavi Vaity: you can go ahead. 
 
Aniket Madhwani: Yeah, hello, am I audible? 
 
Aasif Khan: Yes, yes, Aniket. 
 
Aniket Madhwani: Yeah, sir, so I might ha ve missed the earlier verification on the numbers. So, if you could just 
summarise in short, what was the major reason in this dip in top line and the bottom line in Q3? 
 
Aasif Khan: Aniket, may I request you to go through the transcript? The important thi ng crux is work 
happened. 
 
Aniket Madhwani: Yeah, you can just summarise in a few words. 
 
Aasif Khan: Yes, yes, work happened in quarter three, revenue slipping to quarter four, around 20-22 crores 
of material lying at the port. We are not a quarter-to-quarter story. We are a yearly guidance and 
design and build made. This is the trade that you will see but the early guidance remains intact. 
 
Aniket Madhwani: OK, and can I have the number of the guidance? 
 
Aasif Khan:  Yes, so as we had specified, we'll be between 380 to 400 crores and between 39 to 41 crores of 
PAT. 
 
Aniket Madhwani: Okay, Done. Thank you. 
 
Vaishnavi Vaity: We have one more question. 
 
Aman Anavkar: There's a question in the chat box. What is the average ticket size of a typical order? 
What would be the bidding pipeline and what would be our win rate? Can we also talk about  
competition?  
 
Usually, we refrain from talking about competition. We prefer not talking about European 
companies and just differing from the topic, but the average ticket size of typical orders ranges 
between one and a half million dollars to about $5 million on a lower ticket size. 

[page 9]
Fabtech Technologies Limited  
  February 10, 2026 
Page 8 of 23 
 
 
Aasif Khan: Yes, and going forward, these ticket sizes are showing a mark increase where the average ticket 
size at this moment is around 7 million dollars. We have a huge hot lead order bank where an 
average ticket size is between 7 to 10 million dollars. Earlier, which used to be, as Aman said, 
1.5 to 3 million dollars, 5 million dollars is now increasing because as you saw, and many of 
you might have missed the presentation which Aman gave, we are a platform, a global life 
science design and build or an infrastructure platform. And what it means, what we mean by 
platform and how we are different from an EPC is a platform has the critical capabilities of 
process, air and water within the group where we have invested in companie s or we have bred 
or developed our homegrown companies to do air and process and containment solutions. So 
there would not be a company like us which has a very strong design platform, in-house design 
of oral solids to high-tech vaccines or biosimilars or onco. We have a very beautiful platform of 
manufacturing critical components that go in the project that is processed, oral or injectable air 
which is needed to cover the process and water which is needed to feed the process. This All is 
done in-house. That's what we mean by platform. And this platform is enabling us to pitch for 
bigger projects plus add to that our project.  
 
Management team.  
 
In on the ground in regions which matter the most, speaking the same language as the customs. 
 
All win rate.  
 
10 to 12 percent thus far. 
 
In the last three months, it has increased to 15% and we have raised money for acquiring a 
European entity, which will increase our conversion rate to 20 to 25%. 
 
Vaishnavi Vaity: Next question, please. Investors, the floor is open for Q&A session. You can raise your hands 
or drop your questions in the chat box. Thank you. Yes, Mr. Girish, you can go ahead and ask 
the question. 
 
Girish: Hello, good morning. Am I audible? 
 
Aman Anavkar:  Yes, Girish. 
 
Girish: Yes, since you're a biopharma platform provider, I wanted to, I mean, since you said vaccines 
and biosimilars and all, so we also make the facility for pyrogen -free water as well, like, you 
know, those kind of facilities. Like it's a bit technical what I'm asking. 
 
Aasif Khan: A water for injections. 
 
Girish: Yes, and we also maintain it or we just build it and provide it to their own engineering people. 

[page 10]
Fabtech Technologies Limited  
  February 10, 2026 
Page 9 of 23 
 
 
Aasif Khan: Not really. We don't maintain it as of now, and we don't see ourselves maintaining till at least 
mid of next year. After that, we'll see how our plans for fortify. But largely what we're doing is 
we're making our projects that we supply to these critical geographies. self -maintainable by 
providing them a project manager which takes over as over as maintenance manager. So that's 
one and add to that.  
 
Aman Anavkar: Girish to address specifically when we execute an end-to-end design and build project. The scope 
of work also includes knowledge transfer, trainings of the operators as well. So, we have to 
ensure that the in -house engineering and maintenance teams are built on the client side so that 
the dependence on independent companies is taken away. But at the same time, we have started 
as mentioned in the previous earning call exploring the service platform, the annual maintenance 
contracts as well. So, one of the first IV solutions, the paragon-free water WFI, which we call it, 
plant that we're building in Djibouti also includes an AMC component. Annual maintenance 
contract, AMC is AM, yeah. 
 
Girish: Yeah, yeah, yeah, understood, understood. Okay, got it. My second query was regarding the 
order book, which now stands at roughly around 920+ crores. So that, as should we understand 
it, that it will all be executed roughly in the next 18 month s? Because you said 9 to 18 months 
is your project duration. 
 
Aasif Khan: That’s right. 
 
Aman Anavkar: Yes. 
 
Aasif Khan: That's right. 
 
Girish: Okay. And currently, we only are looking at the pharma sector, like unlike your India operations 
where you're looking at food and other market segments like electronics and all that we are not. 
We are only focusing right now on the pharma sector here. 
 
Aasif Khan: Currently, yes, the pharma itself, the life science itself is offering an unprecedented opportunity, 
a fantastic opportunity. But we have always also mentioned that we are from now preparing for 
the food security issue that is going to happen  in these geographies that we are operating in 
number one. Number 2, our India business is largely cleanrooms and th e upstream and 
downstream cleanrooms. Whereas we are focusing on turnkey. Now that's the difference. This 
is a turnkey company which is packaging, process infrastructure. Now that is only the cleanroom 
infrastructure. Number 3, there are opportunities whic h are unfolding in this part of the world 
also, namely semicons, electronics and data centers. Now we will really look at that when it 
really comes to that level, we of course will be in preparation with both our companies and we 
will take an apt strategy to address these markets when the time comes. Till that time, we do not 
want to lose focus from the tremendous opportunity that lies ahead of us. 
 

[page 11]
Fabtech Technologies Limited  
  February 10, 2026 
Page 10 of 23 
 
 
Girish: Okay. 
Okay, fine. That's all from my side. Thank you very much. Thank you. Good day. 
 
Aman Anavkar: There are two questions in the chat box.  
One is what kind of margins would we be seeing going forward? All to the margin profile across 
segments and geographic regions, also any ongoing acquisitions going forward, and if any, what 
kind of impact would they have?  
 
Aasif Khan: Yes, so the margins, Neil, would remain between 9 to 11% PAT. We have the flexibility to 
increase the margins if we rationalise our marketing and business development expense, which 
stands to a staggering 8 1/2 crores. All right, every year we have been sp ending around 8 1/2 
crores to 9 crores in our promotion and development only. Now largely we are in the right 
geographies, ring fence the market, present in those countries, in those soils. So we could, we 
have the flexibility to increase it, number one. Number 2 margin across profile across segments, 
so that averages out to the same. Africa is eco market, it's a sensitive market, but we are we are 
deep drilling now in Africa and you will see huge traction happening in that continent. And to 
address the eco needs of Africa, we are taking certain backhanded steps, which you will see in 
times to come, which I'm not. I can't share it because this is sensitive information, but you will 
see a very beautiful geographical advantage that we'll be taking, leveraging different supply 
chain geographies, using our leveraging our presence in the UAE and in Saudi, we are becoming 
domestic here. So you will see very exciting steps that we are going to take forward till thus far 
not taken by any Indian Company, number one. Number 2, acquisitions. Yes, there are plans to, 
and we have a very, very decent acquisition engine that is the war chest for acquisitions.  
And Europe offers a very beautiful opportunity. We are closing in on a couple of them here in 
the UAE and in Saudi. We are also closing in on some acquisition opportunities to get us those.    
 
Aman Anavkar: Strengthening the local.  
 
Aasif Khan: Strengthening the local presence and what kind of impact would they have. You will see the 
impact what they have. It will be very beautiful, positive impact because once we are local, we 
are preferred. and All of these countries want to become local, want to become local, and we 
have a very head start, very decently positioned in capturing the market which is offering.  
 
What is that?  
 
Aman Anavkar: Vikas Gupta has asked the question, was there also set of revenue deferred in Q2 to Q3, which 
can offset the 20 CR margin now expected in Q4, or as of now, it is a one -time guaranteed 
margin?  
 
 
 
 

[page 12]
Fabtech Technologies Limited  
  February 10, 2026 
Page 11 of 23 
 
 
Aasif Khan: So, listen, Vikas, we... This point of quarter fluctuation will keep happening, if you saw or if 
you saw quarter one was where was subdued quarter two, where we where the spillover from 
quarter one happened in quarter two, and some and some of the quarter three also we pulled to 
quarter two. All right. Similarly, this is all as you will not, unfortunately, we do not have a 
precedence of what we do. Unfortunately, we don't have anybody else who have done this before 
us, so to learn from their experiences, their mistakes, their lapse s. Here, we make mistakes, we 
will learn, but we have enough buffer, enough freedom to to to if not the right word, fail, but to 
experiment. And as the markets go, and there are some markets which are also clients which are 
also surprised by our speed. So we have the material ready, they are not ready with their 
buildings. So we take cognizance of the relationship, that we build with them and we really hold 
the shipment. Otherwise, the LC says, ship it, we can ship it, dump it there, we'll recognise our 
revenue, but then it will not be a very long-term relation building. We sometimes accommodate 
our clients. So, you know, this is what you will keep seeing in the, at least the next two years, 
the quarter fluctuation I feel could happen, but largely we are on track on yearly guidance.  
 
Breakup of the current order book by end user Industries? 
 
All pharmaceutical, all life sciences. So honestly, there are no breakup as such. But yes, we 
thought the pharmaceutical emergence in these, the medicinal independence that these countries 
are planning would only give us the generics, but we are pretty surprised by the GCC giving us 
cell and gene therapy projects by giving us a high-tech medicine projects, oncology projects.  
 
We in Djibouti, we finalised that. Animal health and  
 
Aman Anavkar:  That is in Botswana vaccines.  
 
Aasif Khan: Animal health. Now animal health is. Till now, humans have been providing the treatment.  
Animal health also is becoming  
 
Aman Anavkar: A big industry. 
 
Aasif Khan: A big industry in Africa, which we thought will happen much later, but it's happening now. And 
that has opened a very different avenue for us. 
 
Vaishnavi Vaity:  Next question, please. 
 
Aman Anavkar: There's a question by Aniket Madhwani. Could you please provide a breakup of the current order 
book? 
 
Aasif Khan: That's what I mentioned. That's what I mentioned. We thought our business was really not 
understood and we were expecting a lot of questions this year.  
 

[page 13]
Fabtech Technologies Limited  
  February 10, 2026 
Page 12 of 23 
 
 
Aman Anavkar: This is a nice question by Dinesh Agarwal. Can we say quarter four will have a bumper p rofit 
exceeding 30 crores? 
 
Aasif Khan:  It has happened. It has happened earlier with us. 
So, no, it has happened earlier, but here, if we if we see we have to achieve 20 to 24 crores to 
reach our mark, which is pretty pretty much possible on the right track, yeah. 
 
Aman Anavkar: Maitri has given a list of questions. Number one, how are the receivable days in the Africa 
region? And if you could mention, what clients are we working for? All these local players or 
MNCs? I'll take that.  
 
The clients that we're working with are both MNCs and greenfield investors in the Africa region. 
We only work on confirmed LC backed payments. So the timelines of the order, like we 
mentioned, 9 months to 18 months, there is no retention over 6 months from installation or 
handing over of the project, which is also backed by LC. Receivable days.  
 
Aasif Khan:  So receivable days, as we have been saying, we... 
are a project Company, but we work on LC back projects, so it is shipment based.  
Now, if we change our methodology of revenue recognition from shipment based, Karan, correct 
me if I'm wrong  
 
Karan Doshi:  Yes. 
 
Aasif Khan: Shipment based to project completion method or project progress method, you will see a 
substantial jump. Now, that is some point we want to take. 
But largely it's all LC backed and I would correct six months, say one year time frame, and that's 
about it.  
 
Any timelines when the acquisition will be done?  
 
Aman Anavkar:   First quarter. 
 
Aasif Khan: We are very diligent when it comes to acquiring companies. We have very right, 
priced companies that we are discussing with in our Rush to bid to expedite the process. We 
don't want to compromise on acquisitions. When we were getting into the IPO, our investors 
were encouraging, or pre -IPO investors were encouraging, y ou should buy at any price it will 
be good but we remain true to what we are building. And we know that success in acquisitions 
can happen if it is rightly priced. And we have very beautiful track record of investing in 
companies and turning them around an d really making them add value to us. And we do not 
want to spoil that record. 
 
So, you will see acquisitions happening. 

[page 14]
Fabtech Technologies Limited  
  February 10, 2026 
Page 13 of 23 
 
 
Safely. 
In the next six months, we could even surprise you if it happens before March 31st, but likely it 
could spill to next, right? Yeah, yeah, and  
 
Aman Anavkar: Just to address the question right before that, which countries are we targeting in Europe? To 
reiterate, Maitri, the reason for the acquisition in Europe is to strengthen our conversion rates 
and the positioning in the pharmaceutical emerging markets where these European companies 
are expanding to. Because as we all know, the region of Europe in terms of growth and expansion 
is a bit saturated. So, there will be references that will flow from the European side, but primarily 
we are focused to strengthen our sales, conversions and growth in the same pharmaceutical 
emerging markets and ring fence it for Fabtech Technologies Limited. 
 
Question 3, FY27, what sort of growth are we looking at?  
 
Aasif Khan:  What can we say, Ashwin? We are growing at 30 to 40 percent. 
 
Ashwani Singh:  30 is the target. The year-on-year growth, the 30% we are looking at. Yes. 
 
Vaishnavi Vaity:  Okay. Investors, do we have any more questions? 
 
Aman Anavkar: There's a question by Aniket Madhwani to clarify, do we primarily execute only turnkey 
projects? And within that, what is the split between in -house execution and third -party 
execution? First question, we do not execute only turnkey projects. 
But at the same time, majority are greenfield turnkey projects that we do execute. But there are 
also instances where brownfield expansions by existing manufacturers are taking place. And  
those projects also do come to us, where there's an expansion of a machine or a clean room 
entirely, which we call as a brownfield turnkey operation. 
 
Many times, also, when a client is diversifying, he is an existing manufacturer who is 
diversifying into a new product range, which can act as a brownfield expansion or a greenfield 
project acting as us for us. and within that, the split between in-house execution and third-party 
execution,  
 
Aasif Khan:  No, we are entirely in-house execution. 
 
Aman Anavkar: I would like to, I think, rephrase this: entirely in -house execution is present in all the projects 
that we do. At the same time, in-house manufactured products. Supply to a plant is 30% and the 
rest is from other reputable companies, so we're a very lean organization, I must say again, right? 
 
Aasif khan: So, yes, because Vikas Gupta, because the stock has crashed, leading to the loss of shareholder 
trust. Honestly speaking, we were not very communicative, and we have realised that people,  
 

[page 15]
Fabtech Technologies Limited  
  February 10, 2026 
Page 14 of 23 
 
because, as Ashwin mentioned, we or that IPO happened in, we transitioned into IPO very 
quickly. There were hardly any roadshows. So like we did for our domestic company, Fabtech 
cleanrooms, we never really had the opportunity to do roadshows to explain to shareholders and 
the market what our business is. The market has not seen anybody and I don't think so the market 
has seen anybody like us thus far. And what we are building is, again, not for this quarter, next 
quarter, over the next year, but there is a very beautiful drug food security, life science story 
emerging. We are working on it, not really getting perturbed by what has happened because 
that's a culmination of many aspects, internal, external, everything put  together. And I would 
say there are many beautiful companies which have become, which have become blue chips 
now. At one point of time, they were not understood well. It's not really bothering us. We know 
that we are true to the cause. We are a company whic h talks, which has less of frills and more 
of substance. And you will see that going forward. And whatever it is, you'll always find us now 
on very communicative, like we had done in Fabtech cleanrooms. We are very communicative. 
So, we will be here also. So, our Twitter is there in order for us to keep sharing whatever is 
happening with the company. And what's expected from now based on the early guidance? Don’t 
know, I don't want to speculate on that. I can always say. We will do what we have, we must do, 
and whatever happens in the stock market will be the function of how we perform.  
 
We expect your order wins to be coming. Absolutely. I think this is something.  
 
Aman Anavkar:  I repeat your question loudly. Dinesh has said, Dinesh Agarwal, we expect you r order wins to 
be communicated to shareholders via stock exchanges regularly so that we can retain conference 
in Company. You're right. Absolutely right. That's all I'd like to say. And that is what we've 
learned, and we're going to exercise now and educate our partners, investors, shareholders about 
what it is that we're doing, what it is that we're succeeding, and what steps are we taking to 
secure our own business as well and grow.  
 
There is a question by Dhruv. 
 
Vaishnavi Vaity:  Yes, Mr. Dhruv, you can go ahead and ask the question. 
 
Dhruv:  Thank you, sir, for taking my question. Just, I'd like to mention that I recently visited certain 
pharma plants in Dubai and Sharjah that were executed by Fabtech, and the quality of work and 
integrating execution was excellent. Like, it gave strong confid ence in the company's technical 
strength, especially in the GCC region. So, but my question was on the data centres, like, this is 
a key global theme, like could you share how Fabtech is positioning itself in this segment, like 
the markets you're targeting  and a broad sense of the opportunity size or order flow we can 
expect over the next few years? 
 
Aasif khan:  Well, as I mentioned, Dhruv, yes. 
Another way not to succeed would be to run in all directions, number one. When we have a very, 
very important market, the farm emerging market is Africa, Middle East, Persian Gulf, Maghreb  
 

[page 16]
Fabtech Technologies Limited  
  February 10, 2026 
Page 15 of 23 
 
 
countries, MENA region. When you have such an opportunity here, when you can create a life 
science infrastructure giant making medicine affordability and availability, possible, we would 
want to take our own time in preparing for the opportunities other than form of preparing before 
taking a jump. A sure shot, as I mentioned, and I keep on mentioning, running in all directions 
also will wear us thin, number one. Number 2, But it's not that we're turning on Nelson's eye to 
what's happening. As I said, you will see when it comes to that, we are prepared to take 
infrastructure projects at our backend call. Whether we want to do it, that's a matter which we 
would want to discuss within ourselves and take a call. Having said that, we have in our 
ecosystem capabilities to take data centre projects and that if it happens, it would be it would be 
seen. And thank you, Dhruv, and I would really invite every single mean ingful. A significant 
investor to come visit us and see what we are doing in order to understand what capabilities we 
have. In fact, you will see a lot of beautiful things happening going forward where we owning 
the process, air and water domain and going forward through means we are controlling, we are, 
we will be controlling the product IPs also, which will be making, which will be making us 
compelling proposition for our clients to work with us, so medicinal independence is a is a is a. 
is a multi-billion dollar opportunity. 
 
If data centre is a multi -billion-dollar opportunity, medicinal independence that these 
geographies are aiming is also a multi-billion-dollar opportunity which nobody, very few people 
are positioned to take advantage of.  
 
Aman Anavkar:  In summary, to all, what AK rightly mentioned.  The priorities are life sciences projects and 
growing in this direction, but we're not shying away from the new industries like data centres 
that are available to us because our ecosystem holds the capacity and capability to execute these 
as well. 
 
There is a question by Neil. 
 
You have a 900 Crores order book. Could you give us a rough breakdown on the timeline that 
we can expect the execution by? Roughly Q1 FY28. As you said, delivery timelines could get  
faster, so early realisation would be possible, right? 
 
Aasif Khan:   Neil 900 crore order position, Ashwin.  
 
Ashwani Singh:  See, so, Neil, now you have to understand because we should have a very sustained growth year 
on year and right now our conversi on ratios and what we are targeting for, you know, order 
booking, we must have it, approximately double of our revenue targets, you know, the growth 
target and all. Looking at 900 crore, yes, this is right that the major portion will be covered in 
next financial year. And approximately you can say that 30 to 40% will pass on to the Q1 or Q2 
FY 28, and that is how we sustain in the market. During this process, definitely our team, what 
we are talking about, the conversion ratio of the order, which we are now targeting to increase  
 

[page 17]
Fabtech Technologies Limited  
  February 10, 2026 
Page 16 of 23 
 
 
 
approximately 15%, the order position by FY 27 by end, I think that should reflect our position 
in the market. 
 
Aasif khan: And you are very safe to assume that we expect the execution roughly by Q1 FY28 yes and 
whatever steps that we are taking, owning the process, the IPs, and including the increase in  
ticket sizes. And there are steps that we are taking in order to expedite the civil construction by 
the clients also, because that is something which impacts sometimes mos t of the times us. So 
those are the concrete steps that we are taking. Number one, to improve our conversion rate. 
Number 2, to increase our ticket size by not just offering what we are doing, but the process and 
the internal infrastructure, but also takin g the external infrastructure in terms of PEB going 
forward. And there is another green energy option which is opening where we are tied up with 
KP Greens for the solar, and that's also a proposition which is now being offered, and steps in 
those in that way will also be is also are also being taken. 
 
Vaishnavi Vaity:  Okay. Next question, please. 
 
Aasif Khan:  All we, are we there? Yeah, yeah. 
 
Vaishnavi Vaity: Investors, floor still open for question and answer  session, if you have any questions, you can 
raise your hands or drop your questions in the chat box. 
 
Aasif Khan:   we have none? 
 
Vaishnavi Vaity:  So, there is one more question in chat box from Mr. Dinesh. 
 
Aasif khan: So, we do supply package units to  be tied into, yeah, of course, supply a volume package unit 
and supply a volume product. Dinesh, do you supply package units? 
 
Dinesh:   Yeah. 
 
Aasif khan:  I'm not able to understand this question. If we can allow him to... 
 
Neeraj:   Hello! 
 
Aasif khan:   Ohh. 
 
Neeraj:  Hello. So, what is the restriction of not moving to a percentage completion method? I joined a 
bit late, so I could not understand that. Because most of the turnkey EPC contractor actually 
follows this percentage completion method. So why we are not choosing that? 
 
Aasif khan:  Absolutely right question. As I mentioned, I'm sorry I didn't get your name. 

[page 18]
Fabtech Technologies Limited  
  February 10, 2026 
Page 17 of 23 
 
 
Neeraj:   Hi, my name is Neeraj 
 
Aasif khan: Neeraj, yes, I'm sorry. There was some crosstalk also I lasted. Neeraj, yes, you're right. There is 
a percentage completion method which we can use, number one. Number 2, as you see, we have 
largely worked with secured terms of payment. As we go domestic n ow in the UAE, we are a 
local Company now. FTS is 100% held by Fabtech and in Saudi we are also becoming local. We 
have 100% Fabtech Saudi by Fabtech and we are acquiring another one. So, going forward in 
some geographies, we will, we could switch to percentage completion method,  but we feel it 
could happen, it could be transitioned. It can't, it will not happen one shot liberalization. We will 
see the pros and cons. We have our Advisors, our auditors, our mentors. discussion is going on 
with them. one way, one thought, I'll tell you why we have not moved because payment security, 
L.C. percentage completion method may perhaps we'll have to depend on the client to keep 
paying us on the percentage completion method until we have till we have a solid experience 
with a particular clien t, we have repeat experiences of course also, but we don't want to spoil 
them by giving them the percentage completion method flexibility. So that's the only thing. But 
if so, if that happens, you will see substantial growth in our numbers. All right, but then, as we'll 
see, we'll evaluate this situation in the next six months or a year, and we'll decide accordingly. 
Number one.  
 
Number 2, one question I'm not able to understand. So, you supply package units to be tied into 
plant facilities. I'm not able to take it. We are since... 
 
Dinesh:   Can I come in? 
 
Aasif khan:  Sorry, who is this? 
Team AKMIL, you want to guide me? 
 
Vaishnavi Vaity: Mr. Dinesh 
If you could unmute yourself to clarify the question. 
 
Aman Anavkar:  Yes, Dinesh. 
 
Dinesh:    Yeah, I have unmuted now. Can you hear me? 
 
Vaishnavi Vaity:  Yes. 
 
Aman Anavkar:  Yes, yes, clear. 
 
Dinesh: Yeah, the simple thing was that I heard you telling that sometimes the civil work is not ready at 
the client's place. So that means your unit is ready, but it cannot be installed or can be tied in to 
the facilities of the client. I don't know how the payment works in such cases. But that means  
 

[page 19]
Fabtech Technologies Limited  
  February 10, 2026 
Page 18 of 23 
 
your real, you can say, installation, commissioning, handing over, etc., will be governed by a 
client. So even if you've got everything ready, unless it is tested, you will not get the payments. 
 
Aasif khan: Correct and not correct. So, you heard half of what I said. What I said was there are times when 
the gentleman is not ready with his civil construction, but we are ready with our materials. 
Sometimes we hold the material for relationship's sake. Not that we are not, we don't have the  
payment security. I also mentioned. We have the LC. 
 
We have the liberty to ship. We can ship it. All right. But there are certain times we take 
cognizance of the relationship that we are building with the client because it's a huge pipeline of 
15 years every client offers us. So that is what I mentioned. But when we see the LC is getting 
expired, no, we'll ship it. We have the flexibility, so we operate with a lot of flexibility. We do 
not, we are not governed or we are not dictated or we do not do anything which is which is which 
is a matter of compulsion. No, it's our choice. 
 
Dinesh: Yeah, I understand. You would not like to offend the client. But at the same time, I think if you 
come to this percentage completion, or you can say the inspection by client, that yes, this much 
of work is over. So this much of payment is to be released. This is what a large contractors, most 
of them like Hyundai or All day follow. 
 
Aasif Khan:  Correct. 
 
Dinesh: And I have seen it working well because it helps them in procurement of material, payment of, 
you can say, maybe I will say labourers and things like that. So maybe you can review your 
working strategy because if you say that my complete, unless I ship, I don't get any money, but 
I have got a LC to back up. 
I think you have to review this, okay? 
 
Aasif khan:  No, as we said, we, yeah, please, karan. 
 
Karan Doshi:  So, just to step in. 
 
Yeah, so Dinesh and Neeraj, I think they'll both have similar questions where, you know, we  
can recognise revenue business milestone. So there are a couple of points which I would like to 
highlight. You know, Fabtech as a Company has transitioned from an equipment supply to a 
turnkey project, right? Over the years, our contract have been worded in a fashion where, you 
know, it has been dependent to shipment. 
 
However, going forward, now we have completely changed our agreement where we made a 
payment also linked to milestones. But because all these orders are a little long in tenure, the 
change will be effective 12 months, 16 months down the line. So recently we picked up an order 
where we've charged. 
 

[page 20]
Fabtech Technologies Limited  
  February 10, 2026 
Page 19 of 23 
 
The client for design, we charge them for shipment, etc., etc. It is just a transition which will 
happen over a period of time, and our old contracts have worded where the risk of goods 
transferred to the end customer on shipment. Therefore, the auditor has made a view that till the 
time it is not shipped. 
 
It is supposed to be parked as inventory and therefore we are following this process. We've made 
this, you know, we have realised this, you know, change and therefore we have made the contract 
itself been worded in a fashion where we can start recognising  milestone-based revenue. This 
will happen over a period of time when you know this all  new orders start coming with new.  
You know, payment terms and new milestone-driven activities. 
 
Dinesh: Okay, one thing more. In this, the material is being supplied by  the client or you are procuring 
and doing that. If you can choose to answer, not to answer. And do you have a good percentage 
coming in along with the order? Because that is all the financial backup you have. If the material 
is coming from the client, may be the method which you are following  one can sustain as long 
as you get a good percentage in the beginning. I stopped there. I don't want to go too much into 
this because you may not be willing to answer. 
 
Karan Doshi: So, Dinesh, I'll give you very simple questions. Our long gesture is ideally because of designs. 
We spend around 9 to 12 months in designing the entire process. Post that, we have to have some 
commercial backup from the client to move us to the technical Phase, so you know, after the 
design is approved, we expect either advance to kick in or an LC to kick in. Once client commits 
payment, that is when we start looking at the technical part of the technical is more like forming 
a BOQ of that particular design, and then we move on to. 
 
Advance, yes, we block our working capital block is around 120 days, so we have we need that 
three to four months of blockage in our top line, but that is, you know, again, if you look at our 
COGS or margin, which is around 60% of block, 60 40% of 3/4 I guess,  so that is something 
which we block, but we collect around 10 to 15% advance or a full LC from our customers 
against that. 
 
I, I hope we've cleared that. 
 
Aasif khan:   Because the advances at that, so... 
 
Dinesh:   I hope the part of a field and detail engineering you get paid by the client. 
 
Karan Doshi:  Sorry? 
 
Aasif khan:  Uh, yeah, yeah, so, but nothing's... 
 
Dinesh:   OK, because otherwise you are building in too much of cost and uncertainty into your project. 
 

[page 21]
Fabtech Technologies Limited  
  February 10, 2026 
Page 20 of 23 
 
Aasif khan:  Dinesh ji, Dinesh, no, no, no. Obviously, there are certain things which we would not be 
discussing in a forum.  
 
Dinesh:    OK, sure, sure, then that's why that's why I was keeping with you.  
 
Aasif khan: One discuss, and what Karan mentioned also was protecting our basic business sense, so that 
everything is not out in the open, but everything happens once we have a confirmation from the 
client number one. 
 
Number 2, there is a good advance, a staggered advance of 15% and 15%, or a lump sum advance 
of 25% or 30%, based on which design happens. At times in good faith, when we get the LOI, 
we start a design. Okay, in-house. So there are various pros and there are various means on how 
we address various issues. 
 
But coming to the conclusion is, yes, percentage completion method we are looking at, we could 
go into it and we are we are we are debating, we are deliberating. Your suggestions well taken. 
 
Dinesh:   Thank you very much. You answered more than what I expected. 
 
Aasif khan:   Thank you, so much Dinesh Ji. 
 
Vaishnavi Vaity:  Next question is from Mr. Girish. 
 
Aasif khan: Ohh. Jignesh, since we are a project Company, will our operating cash flow remain negative in 
the coming years? Not necessarily because it only in 24 cash flows positive to the other longer.  
 
It LC based here. This is one of the things I don't think so. We wil l always remain cash flow 
negative, but growth here working. Honestly speaking, we are very comfortable. And yes, 
Karan, you were nodding something. 
 
Karan Doshi: Yes. Jignesh is basically, if you are growing at 30 percent and we are making a part of 10, 1 2 
percent, we will be in a way negative cash flow. For 30 percent, where my working capital cycle 
is four months. Till that time we are in a high growth phase, our operating cash flow will be 
negative. Unless and until we look at a very substantial high margin, that is something which is 
unrealistic, which can be possible for few projects, but not be sustainable for all the projects. 
 
Aasif khan: Or if we use that flexibility of 8 & half crores expand marketing, so it's a matter of we controlling 
some flexibility and deciding if we really have to spend 8 & half, 9 crores on that marketing 
spend, or we can trim it down. Because now we are largely... 
 
Well, seat in the markets that we are present in. 
 
 

[page 22]
Fabtech Technologies Limited  
  February 10, 2026 
Page 21 of 23 
 
Aman Anavkar:  Mr. Girish, you have a question. You raised your hand. 
 
Girish: Yeah, a couple of small questions. In your results, you have put other income at 7 crores. Like 
what should we read that as? Because it's almost like 10% of the total revenue. So, what should 
we read as the other income as moving forward as well? 
 
Karan Doshi: Girish, there is the other income primarily is on account of interest earned on our FDs. So, FDs 
one, which we've parked as a margin money for our BGs. And secondly, the FDs parked for the 
IPO money, which we've now raised the funds. 
 
Girish: Okay, fine. The second was our ticket size is going to go up above 5 million as suggested. That 
will also help our margins, profit margin, operating profit margins. 
 
Aasif khan: Yes, naturally it would, because it will give us volumes and a very important thing that I 
mentioned in the beginning, we are leveraging now UAE, we are leveraging Saudi, we are 
leveraging our presence here to address the eco -African region , and we are tapping various 
supply chain in different geographies. So you would, yes, see those benefits coming in. 
 
Girish:    Okay, fine. I think that's all from my side for this quarter. Thank you very much. Good day. 
 
Aasif khan:  Thank you. Thank you lots. Team AKMIL Okay. 
 
Vaishnavi Vaity:  Yes, sir. 
 
Aman Anavkar: Vignesh has asked, going back to historical financials, can you explain the fall in revenues in 
FY23? 
 
Aasif khan: Well, we are looking future. I don't know what happened in twenty-three, to be honest with 
you, but uh, you know, you remember? 
 
Karan Doshi:  We had done 200 crores of top line in 23. 
 
Aasif khan:   Yeah, so no. You are taking us three years back, Jignesh. 
 
Karan Doshi:  It’s Jignesh. 
 
Vaishnavi Vaity:  Okay, do we have any more questions, Investors? 
  
Aasif khan:  So, can I have a parting comment? 
 
Vaishnavi Vaity:  Yes Sir. 
 

[page 23]
Fabtech Technologies Limited  
  February 10, 2026 
Page 22 of 23 
 
Aasif khan: So thank you very much, everyone. Thanks a lot for being here, giving us an opportunity to 
explain what we do to explain our business and r eiterating whatever has happened in this 
earnings call, and you will hear more of us, more from us. Now, when we speak about medicinal 
sovereignty, many assume that. I assume that many assume that this is limited to generate 
facilities because we ourselves , as I mentioned. We were thinking medicinal independence in 
Middle East, Persian Gulf, Africa, MENA, GCC would first give rise to generic facilities. But 
in reality, the pipeline ahead is much broader and deeper. In the GCC. In Africa, we are of course 
doing generics, we are doing IV solutions, we are doing Onco. We are the first one to do the first 
Onco facility in GC in Saudi, the first biosimilar in Algeria. The first vaccine project, COVID 
vaccine project in Egypt is ours. There are many firsts to our credit. And I think we should do 
justice to our investors in sharing all this information with the investors. Now in GCC, we are 
in advanced stages of finalising compounding pharmacy platforms and cell and gene therapy 
facilities. In fact, one of our refer ence projects done through our subsidiary here for syringing 
facility will be commissioned shortly. These are high value precision driven segments that 
reflects where healthcare infrastructure is heading. In Africa, we have recently finalised the 
animal health projects, opening an entirely new vertical for us. Veterinary and animal health 
manufacturing is a structurally growing space and it strengthens our presence across emerging 
markets. Your execution capability remains a code differentiator.  
 
I read somewhere, some website. Expressing some concern over our execution capability. Are 
we not able to do Order position and execution process? So. In fact, our execution capability and 
our ground presence of our team in Kenya, in Nigeria, Algeria, Egyp t, Saudi, UAE. Is a key 
differentiator of our execution capability. We design in -house across dosage formats, sterile 
injectables, oncology, OSD, high containment, advanced therapies. And this integrated depth 
allows us to control quality timelines, execution with precision. I would really invite a lot of you 
investors to come in and see the kind of facilities that we have done , and that is without the 
without the promoters getting involved. Auto mode. 
 
And... 
As Dhruv, I'm glad Dhruv is here, and as various investors were here, they were very pleasantly 
surprised by the quantum of jobs or the magnitude of the jobs that we are doing. So execution 
capability is not a challenge, it's a co-differentiator, in fact. Our projects speak for themselves. I 
mentioned that the size, integration, and technical intensity of the facilities that we are building 
today reflects our capability. We are also initiating certain strategic steps, which over time will 
significantly, as I mentioned already, will significantly deepen our order funnel, their owning 
processes, their owning oral solid manufacturing, injectable process manufacturing, water and 
process. We're bidding now for turnkey start to finish projects, including the external 
infrastructure. And these All will deepen our order funnel and enhance or speed in up the process 
of delivery.  
 
 
 

[page 24]
Fabtech Technologies Limited  
  February 10, 2026 
Page 23 of 23 
 
If stakeholders wish to understand the scale of what we are executing, they are welcome to visit 
to our UAE operations or to Saudi or to Africa or if you really have, if you really hav e Nigeria 
for that matter, Algeria, the door is open. The size and sophistication of the projects underway 
provide clear evidence of our trajectory.  
 
We remain confident in our execution strength and a really long, long, long opportunity ahead, 
an unprecedented opportunity ahead. 
 
We thank you very much for being here with us, and... Will be back soon. 
 
Vaishnavi Vaity: Thank you. I would like to thank the management team for providing valuable insights and the 
guidance, and thank you to all the participan ts for joining the conference call. We truly 
appreciate your time and continued interest in the Company. For any further queries or 
clarifications, please feel free to reach out to us at info@akmiladvisors.com Thank you, 
everyone. Have a good day. 
 
Aasif khan:  Thank you so much. 
 
Aman Anavkar:  Thank you. 
 
Ashwani Singh:  Thank you. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
