[page 1]
 
 
Date: November 11, 2025 
BSE Limited,      National Stock Exchange of India Limited,   
Department of Corporate Services,   The Listing Department,   
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,    Exchange Plaza,     
Dalal Street, Fort,     Bandra Kurla Complex,     
Mumbai-400001     Mumbai-400051    
 
Scrip Code: 544545     Scrip code: INE0MWH01014    Symbol: TRUALT 
 
Sub: Intimation under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirement) Regulations 2015 -Signing of Joint Venture Agreement (“JVA”) and Share 
Purchase Agreement (“SPA”)  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI LODR Regulations”), we hereby 
inform you that, the company has entered into a Joint Venture Agreement (JVA) and Share Purchase 
Agreement (SPA), with Japan -based Sumitomo Corporation, marking a pivotal milestone in 
accelerating India’s compressed biogas (CBG) ecosystem. The collaboration aims to develop and scale 
a robust network of commercial CBG plants. The initial phase includes four CBG production facilities, 
with scope for additional plants as outlined in the Joint Venture Agreement. The business includes the 
production, sales, and distribution of CBG, along with value -accretive by-products such as fermented 
organic manure, biogenic CO₂, and carbon credits. 
By combining TruAlt’s integrated bioenergy expertise with Sumitomo Corporation’s global industrial 
experience, the partnership strengthens India’s clean energy transition, promotes circular bioeconomy 
solutions, and lays the foundation for a future-ready sustainable fuel infrastructure. 
In this regard, details as required under Regulation 30 of the SEBI LODR Regulations read with SEBI 
Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 11, 2024, are enclosed as 
Annexure-A. 
The aforementioned information is also available on the Company’s website: www.trualtbioenergy.com. 
We request you to kindly take the above on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Trualt Bioenergy Limited 
 
Vijaykumar Murugesh Nirani 
Managing Director  
(DIN: 07413777) 
  
[page 2]
 
 
Annexure-A 
Details under amended Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
S. 
No. 
Particulars Details 
1. Name of the entity(ies) with whom 
agreement/ JV is signed; 
Sumitomo Corporation , Japan  
(“Sumitomo”)  
 
2.  Purpose of entering into the agreement  
 
Trualt Bioenergy Limited (“Company”) has 
entered into a Joint Venture Agreement 
(JVA) with Sumitomo Corporation , Japan  
(“Sumitomo”) and Trualt Gas Private 
Limited  (TGPL) with an intent to operate 
TGPL as a Joint Venture Company for the 
purpose of developing and setting up biogas 
and compressed biogas (“CBG”) 
production plants, initially comprising four 
(4) CBG plants, and undertaking the sales 
and distribution of CBG and associated by-
products, including but not limited to 
fermented organic manure, biogenic CO₂, 
and carbon credits (“Business”). 
 
The Joint Venture will facilitate large -scale 
adoption of clean energy solutions, reduction 
of carbon footprint, and promotion of a 
circular economy, in line with the 
Government of India’s CBG and renewable 
energy policies. Under the proposed 
structure, th e Company shall hold a 51% 
(fifty-one percent) equity stake, and 
Sumitomo Corporation shall hold a 49% 
(forty-nine percent) equity stake in the Joint 
Venture Company Viz. Trualt Gas Private 
Limited, ensuring that the Company retains 
management control in c ompliance with 
domestic regulatory requirements. 
 
Simultaneously, the Company has also 
signed a Share Purchase Agreement (SPA) 
with Sumitomo Corporation, Japan, Nirani 
Holdings Private Limited and Trualt Gas 
Private Limited wherein the Nirani Holdings 
[page 3]
 
 
Private Limited shall transfer its entire 49% 
shares held in TGPL to Sumitomo 
Corporation on such terms and conditions as 
mentioned in the said agreement. 
3.  Shareholding, if any, in the entity with   
  whom the agreement is executed  
 
The Company holds 51% shares of Joint 
Venture Company Viz. Trualt Gas Private 
Limited. Whereas, the Company does not 
hold any shares in Sumitomo Corporation. 
4. Significant terms of the agreement (in 
brief) special rights like right to appoint 
directors, first right to share subscription 
in case of issuance of shares, right to 
restrict any change in capital structure 
etc 
 
a) The proposed shareholding of the joint 
venture company shall be as follows: 
• Trualt Bioenergy limited: 51% 
• Sumitomo Corporation: 49% 
 
b) T he Board  of joint Venture Company 
Viz. Trualt Gas Private Limited  shall 
consist of a maximum of 5 (five) Directors 
from amongst which: (i) 3 (three) Directors 
shall be nominated by Trualt Bioenergy 
Limited (“TBL Nominee Directors”); and 
(ii) 2 (two) Directors shall be nominated by 
Sumitomo Corporation  (“Sumitomo 
Nominee Directors”) (collectively referred 
to as “Nominee Directors”). 
 
c) Any change in the capital structure of the 
Company shall require shareholders 
approval in terms of the JVA. 
 
d) Each Shareholder shall have the right to 
subscribe to the Equity Securities in its 
Commitment Ratio either directly and/or 
through one or more of its Affiliates. 
 
5. Whether, the said parties are related to 
promoter/promoter group/ group 
companies in any manner. If yes, nature 
of relationship 
 
Trualt Gas Private Limited is a subsidiary 
of Trualt Bioenergy Limited by virtue of its 
shareholding (i.e. 51%). 
 
However, t he collaboration between the 
Parties is undertaken with the aim to set up 
the Company with an intent for the Company 
to be an independent value enhancing 
company to undertake the Business. and will 
[page 4]
 
 
be an operating entity, with Shareholders 
positioned to strengthen, guide, and expand 
it as a standalone company. Towards this 
end, each Party shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to promote and develop the 
Business to the best advantage of the 
Company and provide the Company with all 
necessary support, resources, cooperation, 
and strategic input for the successful 
development of the Projects and expansion 
of the Company. 
6. Whether the transaction would fall 
within related party transactions? If yes, 
whether the same is done at “arm’s 
length” 
The transaction will be carried out on arm’s 
length basis. The Parties will procure the 
relevant valuation reports as required under 
the applicable laws. 
7. In case of issuance of shares to the 
parties, details of issue price, class of 
shares issued;  
 
As per the SPA, Nirani Holdings Private 
Limited, an existing shareholder of Trualt 
Gas Private Limited shall transfer its entire 
shareholding to Sumitomo Corporation at an 
agreed price of Rs. 24/ - per equity share 
which is a Fair Market Value (FMV) of the 
equity shares as determined by Mr. Gaurav 
Madhukar Vispute, an independent 
registered valuer having registration NO. 
IBBI IBBI/RV/06/2020/13515 and ICAI 
RVO M No. - ICAIRVO/06/RV-
P00110/2020-2021 vide its report dated 
October 13, 2025. 
8. Any other disclosures related to such 
agreements, viz., details of nominee on 
the board of directors of the listed entity, 
potential conflict of interest arising out 
of such agreements, etc 
NA 
9. In case of termination or amendment of 
agreement, listed entity shall disclose 
additional details to the stock 
exchange(s):  
a) name of parties to the agreement;  
b) nature of the agreement;  
c) date of execution of the agreement;  
d) details of amendment and impact 
thereof or reasons of termination and 
impact thereof.  
NA 
 