[page 1]
 
 
Date: October 28, 2025 
BSE Limited,      National Stock Exchange of India Limited,   
Department of Corporate Services,   The Listing Department,   
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,    Exchange Plaza,     
Dalal Street, Fort,     Bandra Kurla Complex,     
Mumbai-400001    Mumbai-400051    
 
Scrip Code: 544545     Scrip code: INE0MWH01014 Symbol: TRUALT 
 
Sub: Intimation under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 ("Listing Regulations") – Additional Investment in the equity shares of Trualt Gas 
Private Limited 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30, read with Para A, Part A of Schedule III of SEBI (Listing Obligation 
and Disclosure Requirement), 2015 , we wish to inform you that the Board of Directors at its 
meeting held today i.e., October 28, 2025, at 1:00 P.M. and concluded at 03:45 P.M., inter-alia, 
considered and approved an additional investment of upto Rs. 20 ,00,00,000 (Rupees Twenty 
Crores only), in the equity shares of Trualt Gas Private Limited (“TGPL”), a subsidiary of the 
Company. 
Details as required under Regulation 30 read with Part A, Para A of Schedule Ill of the SEBI 
Listing Regulations, 2015 and SEBI Circular No SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated 11 
November 2024 are enclosed as Annexure A. 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company 
www.trualtbioenergy.com. 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours Sincerely 
For TRUALT BIOENERGY LIMITED  
 
 
Vijaykumar Nirani 
Managing Director 
(DIN :  07413777) 
[page 2]
 
 
Annexure-A 
Brief details pursuant to regulation  30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015  read with SEBI Circular No. 
SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 11, 2024 is as under: 
S. No. Particulars Details 
1. Name of the target entity, details in brief 
such as size, turnover etc. 
Trualt Gas Private Limited.  
 
Turnover for FY 2025: Nil (as on 
March 31, 2025) 
2. Whether the acquisition would fall  within 
related party transaction(s) and whether the 
promoter/ promoter group/ group 
companies have  any interest  in the  entity 
being acquired? 
 
If yes, nature of interest and details thereof 
and whether the same is done at “arm’s 
length” 
The entity is a subsidiary of the 
Company, hence, is a related party of the 
Company within the meaning of the 
Companies Act, 2013 read with SEBI 
LODR Regulations, 2015 
The transaction is being done at Fair 
Market Value (FMV) of the equity 
shares which is determined by Mr. 
Gaurav Madhukar Vispute, an 
Independent Registered valuer having 
registration NO. IBBI 
IBBI/RV/06/2020/13515 and ICAI 
RVO M No. - ICAIRVO/06/RV-
P00110/ 2020-2021 vide its report 
dated October 13, 2025. 
3. Industry to which the entity being 
acquired belongs 
Compressed Biogas (CBG) 
4. Objects and impact of acquisition 
(including but not limited to, disclosure of 
reasons for acquisition of target entity, if its 
business is outside the main line of business 
of the listed entity) 
The proposed additional investment 
forms part of a broader strategic initiative 
being undertaken by the Company 
pursuant to an ongoing understanding 
with Sumitomo Corporation, Japan, to 
enter into a Joint Venture Agreement 
(JVA) with the intention of opera ting 
TGPL as a joint venture company upon 
completion of the proposed transaction. 
The investment is, therefore, a precursor 
to the intended joint venture structure and 
aims to strengthen TGPL’s balance sheet 
and operations ahead of the joint venture. 
This is in align with the  Company’s 
[page 3]
 
 
objective to expand its presence in the 
compressed biogas (CBG) sector.  
 
This will enable the Company to: 
 
• Leverage emerging opportunities in 
the CBG segment under the 
Government of India’s renewable 
energy and green fuel initiatives; 
 
• Facilitate the proposed 
establishment of a joint venture 
with SUMITOMO Corporation in 
the biogas sector, thereby 
combining technical expertise, 
operational capabilities, and 
financial resources; and 
 
• Enhance long -term revenue 
visibility through participation in an 
environmentally sustainable and 
high-growth business area. 
 
The proposed acquisition is expected to 
have a positive impact on the overall 
business operations and profitability of 
the Company in the medium to long 
term. It will contribute to the 
diversification of the Company’s 
revenue streams and further strengthen 
its commitment to Environmental, 
Social, and Governance (ESG) 
objectives. 
5. Brief details of any governmental or 
regulatory approvals required for the 
acquisition 
Not Applicable 
6. Indicative time period for completion of the 
acquisition 
On or before 30.11.2025 
7. Consideration - whether cash consideration 
or share swap or any other form and details 
of the same 
Cash Consideration 
8. Cost of acquisition and/or the price at which 
the shares are acquired 
Additional investment of upto Rs. 
20,00,00,000/- (Rupees Twenty Crore 
Only) in the equity shares of Trualt Gas 
[page 4]
 
 
Private Limited, at a price of Rs. 24/ - 
(Rupees Twenty Four) Per equity share in 
one or more tranche(s).   
9. Percentage of shareholding / control 
acquired and / or number of shares acquired 
Additional 83,33,333* equity shares of a 
face value of Rs. 10/ -will be acquired in 
one or more tranche(s) at a price of Rs. 24/- 
per equity share  as determined by an 
independent registered valuer. 
10. Brief background about the entity acquired 
in terms of products/line of business 
acquired, date of incorporation, history of 
last 3 years turnover,  country in which the 
acquired entity has presence and any other 
significant information (in brief) 
TGPL was incorporated on September 
06, 2024, to carry on the business of  
processing municipal solid waste,  
press mud and natural gas. This  
includes manufacturing  
compressed biogas and allied  
products like Fermented Organic  
Manure, Liquid Fermented  
Organic Manure derived from  
waste or bio -mass sources and  
Potash derived from molasses  
and engaging in the business of  
refining and dealing in fuels, oils,  
and petroleum of every kind. The  
company shall also operate  
refineries for these oils,  
manufacture lubricati ng oils, and  
provide all necessary accessories  
for the equipment and operation  
of oil wells and refineries and to  
manufacture, sell, deal in, import,  
and export petroleum byproducts  
and lubricating oils. 
  
The Company has yet to start its 
commercial operations hence turnover 
for the previous 3 years is not available. 
* Number of shares are subject to Fair Market Value (FMV) to be determined at the time of execution 
of transaction. 
 
 
 