[page 1]
 
 
Date: October 28, 2025 
BSE Limited,      National Stock Exchange of India Limited,   
Department of Corporate Services,   The Listing Department,   
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,    Exchange Plaza,     
Dalal Street, Fort,     Bandra Kurla Complex,     
Mumbai-400001     Mumbai-400051    
 
Scrip Code: 544545     Scrip code: INE0MWH01014    Symbol: TRUALT 
 
Sub: Outcome of the Board Meeting of the Company held on October 28, 2025 
Ref: Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ("Listing 
Regulations") 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Pursuant to the provisions of the Regulation 30 read with other applicable regulations of the  Listing 
Regulations, we hereby wish to inform you that the Board of Directors of the Company, at their meeting 
held today, i.e., Tuesday, October 28, 2025, from 1:00 P.M. to 03:45 P.M., has, inter alia, considered 
and approved the following: 
1. Providing a Corporate Guarantee worth 51% of the project cost in line with the JV A conditions 
with Sumitomo Corp in favour of the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development 
(NABARD) and pledging of  equity shares held by the Company in its subsidiary, Trualt Gas 
Private Limited (“TGPL”), as security for the term loan facility of ₹180,00,00,000 (Rupees One 
Hundred Eighty Crore only), sanctioned by NABARD to TGPL for setting up of 3 CBG plants 
with a capacity of 20 TPD each plant. 
 
The Corporate Guarantee shall be provided by the Company to the extent of its 51% 
shareholding in TGPL, while the balance 49% shall be secured by the Joint Venture Partner, 
Sumitomo Corporation  as mutually agreed upon. This arrangement ensures proportionate 
security coverage and equitable commitment by both Joint Venture partners in accordance with 
their respective shareholding, thereby facilitating the successful implementation of the project 
and meeting the security conditions prescribed by NABARD. 
2. Additional investment of upto Rs. 20,00,00,000 (Rupees Twenty Crores only) , in the equity 
shares of Trualt Gas Private Limited, a subsidiary of the Company. 
3. Removal of Mr. Deepak Kumar Gulati from the position of Company Secretary and 
Compliance Officer of the Company. 
Further, in compliance with Regulation 30 of the SEBI Listing Regulations and Clause  1 of Part A of  
Schedule III thereof, read with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 
11, 2024, we are enclosing the requisite disclosure details as Annexure-A, B, and C respectively to this 
letter. 
 
 
 
[page 2]
 
 
 
The aforementioned information is also available on the Company’s website: www.trualtbioenergy.com. 
We request you to kindly take the above on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Trualt Bioenergy Limited 
 
 
Vijaykumar Nirani 
Managing Director 
(DIN :  07413777) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[page 3]
 
 
 
Annexure-A 
Brief details pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015  read with SEBI Circular No. 
SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 11, 2024, is as under 
 Sl. No. Particulars Details 
1 
Name of party for which such 
guarantee or indemnity or surety 
was given 
Trualt Gas Private Limited 
2 
Whether the promoter/ promoter 
group/ group companies have any 
interest in this transaction? If yes, 
nature of interest and details 
thereof and whether the same is 
done at “arm’s length” 
Trualt Gas Private Limited (“TGPL”) is a 
subsidiary of Trualt Bioenergy Limited. 
 
None of the promoters or members of the promoters 
group or directors of the Company are interested in 
the proposed transaction except Mr. Vijaykumar 
Murugesh Nirani , Mr. Vishal Nirani  and Mrs. 
Sushmitha Vijaykumar Nirani  are Directors in 
TGPL. 
 
The transaction is done at arm’s length basis 
3 
Brief details of such guarantee or  
indemnity or becoming a surety 
viz. brief details of agreement 
entered (if any) including 
significant terms and conditions, 
including amount of guarantee: 
 
1) The Company shall provide the Corporate 
Guarantee worth 51% of the project cost in 
line with the JV A conditions with Sumitomo 
Corp, in favour of NABARD as security for 
the term loan facility  of Rs. 180 .00 Cr 
sanctioned to Trualt Gas Private Limited 
(TGPL), a subsidiary Company for setting 
up of 3 CBG plants with a capacity of 20 
TPD, upto the extent of outstanding loan 
amount. 
 
The Corporate Guarantee shall be provided 
by the Company to the extent of its 51% 
shareholding in TGPL, while the balance 
49% shall be secured by the Joint Venture 
Partner, Sumitomo Corporation as mutually 
agreed upon. This arrangement ensures 
proportionate security coverage and 
equitable commitment by both Joint Venture 
partners in accordance with their respective 
shareholding, thereby facilitating the 
successful implementation of the project 
[page 4]
 
 
and meeting the security conditions 
prescribed by NABARD. 
 
2) Pledge of 51% equity shares held by the 
Company in Trualt Gas Private Limited 
(TGPL), a subsidiary Company, in favour of 
NABARD against the said term loan 
sanctioned to TGPL. 
 
4 
Impact of such guarantees or 
indemnity or surety on listed 
entity. 
The said Corporate Guarantee is provided on behalf 
of the TGPL a subsidiary Company. At this point, 
there is no impact of the said Guarantee on the 
Company other than disclosure in the financial 
statement. 
 
The pledge does not affect the shareholding pattern 
of the listed entity Trualt Bioenergy Limited . It is 
only on the shares of its subsidiary Company. 
 
This pledge is in full compliance with the relevant 
SEBI regulations and does not affect our rights in 
the subsidiary. The Company will comply with all 
applicable statutory requirements in this regard. 
  
 
  
[page 5]
 
 
 
Annexure-B 
Brief details pursuant to regulation  30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015  read with SEBI Circular No. 
SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 11, 2024 is as under: 
 
S. No. Particulars Details 
1. Name of the target entity, details in brief 
such as size, turnover etc. 
Trualt Gas Private Limited.  
 
Turnover for FY 2025: Nil (as on 
March 31, 2025) 
2. Whether the acquisition would fall within 
related party transaction(s) and whether the 
promoter/ promoter group/ group 
companies have  any interest  in the  entity 
being acquired? 
 
If yes, nature of interest and details thereof 
and whether the same is done at “arm’s 
length” 
The entity is a subsidiary of the 
Company, hence, is a related party of the 
Company within the meaning of the 
Companies Act, 2013 read with SEBI 
LODR Regulations, 2015 
The transaction is being done at Fair 
Market Value (FMV) of the equity 
shares which is determined by Mr. 
Gaurav Madhukar Vispute, an 
Independent Registered valuer having 
registration NO. IBBI/RV/06/2020/ 
13515 and ICAI RVO M No. - 
ICAIRVO/06/RV-P00110/ 2020-2021 
vide its report dated October 13, 2025. 
3. Industry to which the entity being 
acquired belongs 
Compressed Biogas (CBG) 
4. Objects and impact of acquisition 
(including but not limited to, disclosure of 
reasons for acquisition of target entity, if its 
business is outside the main line of business 
of the listed entity) 
The proposed additional investment 
forms part of a broader strategic initiative 
being undertaken by the Company 
pursuant to an ongoing understanding 
with Sumitomo Corporation, Japan, to 
enter into a Joint Venture Agreement 
(JVA) with the intention of opera ting 
TGPL as a joint venture company upon 
completion of the proposed transaction. 
The investment is, therefore, a precursor 
to the intended joint venture structure and 
aims to strengthen TGPL’s balance sheet 
and operations ahead of the joint venture. 
[page 6]
 
 
This is in align with the  Company’s 
objective to expand its presence in the 
compressed biogas (CBG) sector.  
 
This will enable the Company to: 
 
• Leverage emerging opportunities in 
the CBG segment under the 
Government of India’s renewable 
energy and green fuel initiatives; 
 
• Facilitate the proposed 
establishment of a joint venture 
with SUMITOMO Corporation in 
the biogas sector, thereby 
combining technical expertise, 
operational capabilities, and 
financial resources; and 
 
• Enhance long -term revenue 
visibility through participation in an 
environmentally sustainable and 
high-growth business area. 
 
The proposed acquisition is expected to 
have a positive impact on the overall 
business operations and profitability of 
the Company in the medium to long 
term. It will contribute to the 
diversification of the Company’s 
revenue streams and further strengthen 
its commitment to Environmental, 
Social, and Governance (ESG) 
objectives. 
5. Brief details of any governmental or 
regulatory approvals required for the 
acquisition 
Not Applicable 
6. Indicative time period for completion of the 
acquisition 
On or before 30.11.2025 
7. Consideration - whether cash consideration 
or share swap or any other form and details 
of the same 
Cash Consideration 
[page 7]
 
 
8. Cost of acquisition and/or the price at which 
the shares are acquired 
Additional investment of upto Rs. 
20,00,00,000/- (Rupees Twenty Crore 
Only) in the equity shares of Trualt Gas 
Private Limited, at a price of Rs. 24/ - 
(Rupees Twenty Four) per equity share 
in one or more tranche(s).   
9. Percentage of shareholding / control 
acquired and / or number of shares acquired 
Additional 83,33,333* equity shares of a 
face value of Rs. 10/ -will be acquired in 
one or more tranche(s) at a price of Rs. 24/- 
per equity share  as determined by an 
independent registered valuer. 
10. Brief background about the entity acquired 
in terms of products/line of business 
acquired, date of incorporation, history of 
last 3 years turnover,  country in which the 
acquired entity has presence and any other 
significant information (in brief) 
TGPL was incorporated on September 
06, 2024, to carry on the business of  
processing municipal solid waste,  
press mud and natural gas. This  
includes manufacturing  
compressed biogas and allied  
products like Fermented Organic  
Manure, Liquid Fermented  
Organic Manure derived from  
waste or bio -mass sources and  
Potash derived from molasses  
and engaging in the business of  
refining and dealing in fuels, oils,  
and petroleum of every kind. The  
company shall also operate  
refineries for these oils,  
manufacture lubricati ng oils, and  
provide all necessary accessories  
for the equipment and operation  
of oil wells and refineries and to  
manufacture, sell, deal in, import,  
and export petroleum byproducts  
and lubricating oils. 
  
The Company has yet to start its 
commercial operations hence turnover 
for the previous 3 years is not available. 
* Number of shares are subject to Fair Market Value (FMV) to be determined at the time of 
execution of transaction. 
  
[page 8]
 
 
Annexure-C 
Brief details pursuant to regulation  30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015  read with SEBI Circular No. 
SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 11, 2024 is as under: 
 
S. No. Particulars Details 
1 Reason for change viz., appointment, 
reappointment, resignation, cessation, 
removal, death or otherwise 
The Board was  informed that in view of the 
management decision and after due consideration of 
the operational, urgent compliances requirements of 
the Company, owing to the absence of Mr. Deepak 
Kumar Gulati from office, for the larger period in the 
month of October and non satisfactory performance 
and in the interest of ensuring smooth functioning 
and compliance continuity, the Board has decided to 
remove Mr. Deepak Kumar Gulati from the position 
of Company Secretary and Compliance Officer with 
immediate effect. 
2 Date of appointment / cessation (as 
applicable) & term of appointment 
With immediate effect i.e., 28th October, 2025. 
3 Brief profile (in case of appointment) NA 
4 Disclosure of relationships between directors 
(in case of appointment of a director) 
NA 
 