[page 1]
 
 
Date: November 15, 2025 
BSE Limited,      National Stock Exchange of India Limited,   
Department of Corporate Services,   The Listing Department,   
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy T owers,    Exchange Plaza,     
Dalal Street, Fort,     Bandra Kurla Complex,     
Mumbai-400001     Mumbai-400051    
 
Scrip Code: 544545     ISIN: INE0MWH01014    Symbol: TRUALT 
 
Sub: Intimation under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 - Signing of Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with APEDB 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, we wish to inform you that the Company has signed a non -binding Memorandum of 
Understanding (MoU) with  the Andhra Pradesh Economic Development Board (APEDB), the 
Government of Andhra Pradesh’s nodal agency  for the establishment of a Sustainable Aviation Fuel 
(SAF) production plant in the State of Andhra Pradesh. 
 
Further, in compliance with Regulation 30 of the SEBI Listing Regulations and Clause  1 of Part A of  
Schedule III thereof, read with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 
11, 2024, we are enclosing the requisite disclosure details as Annexure-A to this letter. 
 
The aforementioned information is also available on the Company’s website: www.trualtbioenergy.com. 
We request you to kindly take the above on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Trualt Bioenergy Limited 
 
 
Vijaykumar Nirani 
Managing Director 
(DIN:  07413777) 
 
 
 
 
 
  
[page 2]
 
 
Annexure-A 
Brief details pursuant to regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015  read with SEBI Circular No. 
SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 11, 2024 is as under: 
 
S. No. Particulars Details 
1. Name(s) of parties with whom the 
agreement is entered  
Andhra Pradesh Economic Development 
Board (APEDB) 
2. Purpose of entering into the agreement TruAlt Bioenergy Limited (“the 
Company”) has been exploring 
opportunities in the renewable and low -
carbon energy segment, with a particular 
focus on Sustainable Aviation Fuel 
(“SAF”). SAF is a next-generation biofuel 
produced from renewable feedstocks such 
as agricultural residues, used cooking oil, 
and m unicipal solid waste, and is 
considered critical for enabling the 
aviation industry’s long -term 
decarbonisation targets. 
 
As part of the Company’s strategic 
initiative to diversify into high -growth 
green fuel segments, the Company has 
entered into a non -binding Memorandum 
of Understanding (“MoU”) with the 
Andhra Pradesh Economic Development 
Board (APEDB), the Government of 
Andhra Pradesh’s nodal agency for 
promoting large -scale industrial and 
infrastructure investments. The MoU 
provides a framework for the potential 
establishment of a Sustainable Aviation 
Fuel production facility in the State of 
Andhra Pradesh. 
 
The proposed project is envisaged to 
involve a total investment of 
approximately ₹2,250 crore, to be 
developed in phases, subject to detailed 
feasibility assessments, technology 
evaluation, and confirmation of 
commercial viability. The project 
structure, f inancing plan, and 
[page 3]
 
 
implementation schedule will be finalised 
upon completion of the feasibility studies 
and due -diligence processes, and 
thereafter through the execution of 
definitive agreements. 
 
This MoU is expected to enable the 
Company to:  
 
• To strengthens its positions as an 
early entrant in India’s emerging 
SAF ecosystem; 
 
• Align with India’s national biofuel 
policy and long-term net-zero 
commitments; 
 
• Leverages State Government 
support through APEDB for land, 
infrastructure, and regulatory 
facilitation; 
 
• Provides potential access to 
carbon credits and ESG -linked 
investment opportunities; and 
 
• Enhances Trualt Bioenergy’s 
strategic visibility as a forward -
looking clean energy company. 
 
The MoU is non-binding in nature and does 
not have any immediate financial impact. 
The Company will make further 
disclosures as and when required in 
accordance with applicable regulations. 
3. Shareholding, if any, in the entity with 
whom the agreement is executed 
NA 
4. Significant terms of the agreement (in 
brief) special rights like right to appoint 
directors, first right to share subscription 
in case of issuance of shares, right to 
restrict any change in capital structure etc  
 
  NA 
[page 4]
 
 
5. Whether the transaction would fall within 
related party transactions? If yes, whether 
the same is done at “arm’s length 
 NO 
6. In case of issuance of shares to the parties, 
details of issue price, class of shares 
issued  
 
NA 
7. Any other disclosures related to such 
agreements, viz., details of nominee on 
the board of directors of the listed entity, 
potential conflict of interest arising out 
of such agreements, etc. 
NA 
8. In case of termination or amendment of 
agreement, listed entity shall disclose 
additional details to the stock exchange(s):  
a) name of parties to the agreement;  
b) nature of the agreement;  
c) date of execution of the agreement;  
d) details of amendment and impact 
thereof or reasons of termination and 
impact thereof.  
 
 NA 
 