[page 1]
 
 
Date: October 19, 2025 
BSE Limited,      National Stock Exchange of India Limited,   
Department of Corporate Services,   The Listing Department,   
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,    Exchange Plaza,     
Dalal Street, Fort,     Bandra Kurla Complex,     
Mumbai-400001    Mumbai-400051    
 
Scrip Code: 544545     Scrip code: INE0MWH01014  Symbol: 
TRUALT 
 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30  of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’), we wish to inform you that the Board of 
Directors at its meeting held today i.e., October 19, 2025, at 8:10 P.M. and concluded at 8:40 
P.M., inter-alia, considered and approved the acquisition of 51% of the paid-up share capital of 
Trualt Gas Private Limited. 
We are enclosing herewith the brief details of the above as prescribed under SEBI Listing 
Regulations as Annexure A. 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company 
www.trualtbioenergy.com. 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours Sincerely 
For TRUALT BIOENERGY LIMITED  
 
 
Deepak Kumar Gulati 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
Membership No.: A27948 
  
[page 2]
 
 
Annexure A 
Details under amended Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
1.1. Acquisition (including agreement to acquire): 
 
S. 
No. 
Particulars Details 
1. Name of the target entity, details in brief such as 
size, turnover etc. 
Trualt Gas Private Limited.  
 
Turnover for FY 2025 : Nil (as on 
March 31, 2025) 
 
2. Whether the acquisition would fall  within related 
party transaction(s) and whether the promoter/ 
promoter group/ group companies have any interest 
in the entity being acquired? 
 
 
If yes, nature of interest and details thereof and 
whether the same is done at “arm’s length” 
The entity is a wholly owned subsidiary 
of Nirani Holdings Private Limited 
(NHPL) being  a Promoter Group 
Company and hence is a related party of 
the Company within the meaning of the 
Companies Act, 2013 read with SEBI 
LODR Regulations, 2015 
The transaction is being done at Fair 
Market Value (FMV) of the equity 
shares which is determined by Mr. 
Gaurav Madhukar Vispute, an 
Independent Registered valuer having 
registration NO. IBBI IBBI/RV/06/  
2020/13515 and ICAI RVO M No. - 
ICAIRVO/06/RV-P00110/2020-2021 
vide its report dated October 13, 2025. 
3. Industry to which the entity being acquired 
belongs 
Compressed Biogas (CBG) 
4. Objects and impact of acquisition (including but 
not limited to, disclosure of reasons for acquisition 
of target entity, if its business is outside the main 
line of business of the listed entity) 
The proposed acquisition is being 
undertaken by the Company with the 
objective of expanding its presence in 
the compressed biogas (CBG) sector, 
which aligns with the Company’s long-
term strategy to diversify into 
sustainable and renewable energy 
businesses. 
 
The acquisition will enable the 
Company to: 
 
• Leverage emerging opportunities 
in the CBG segment under the 
[page 3]
 
 
Government of India’s renewable 
energy and green fuel initiatives; 
 
• Facilitate the proposed 
establishment of a joint venture 
with SUMITOMO Corporation in 
the biogas sector, thereby 
combining technical expertise, 
operational capabilities, and 
financial resources; and 
 
• Enhance long -term revenue 
visibility through participation in 
an environmentally sustainable 
and high-growth business area. 
 
The proposed acquisition is expected to 
have a positive impact on the overall 
business operations and profitability of 
the Company in the medium to long 
term. It will contribute to the 
diversification of the Company’s 
revenue streams and further strengthen 
its commitment to Environmental, 
Social, and Governance (ESG) 
objectives. 
5. Brief details of any governmental or regulatory 
approvals required for the acquisition 
Not Applicable 
6. Indicative time period for completion of the 
acquisition 
On or before 30.11.2025 
7. Consideration - whether cash consideration or share 
swap or any other form and details of the same 
Cash Consideration 
8. Cost of acquisition and/or the price at which the 
shares are acquired 
35,08,807 (Thirty Five  Lakhs Eight 
Thousand Eight Hundred and Seven) 
Equity shares of a face value of Rs. 10/ - 
each, at a price of Rs. 24/ - (Rupees 
Twenty Four Only) per shares 
aggregating to Rs. 8,42,11,371/- (Rupees 
Eight Crore Forty Two Lakhs Eleven 
Thousand Three Hundred Se venty One 
Only). 
9. Percentage of shareholding / control acquired and / 
or number of shares acquired 
51.00% 
[page 4]
 
 
10. Brief background about the entity acquired in terms 
of products/line of business acquired, date of 
incorporation, history of last 3 years turnover,  
country in which the acquired entity has presence 
and any other significant information (in brief) 
TGPL was incorporated on September 
06, 2024, to carry on the business of  
processing municipal solid waste,  
press mud and natural gas. This  
includes manufacturing  
compressed biogas and allied  
products like Fermented Organic  
Manure, Liquid Fermented  
Organic Manure derived from  
waste or bio -mass sources and  
Potash derived from molasses  
and engaging in the business of  
refining and dealing in fuels, oils,  
and petroleum of every kind. The  
company shall also operate  
refineries for these oils,  
manufacture lubricati ng oils, and  
provide all necessary accessories  
for the equipment and operation  
of oil wells and refineries and to  
manufacture, sell, deal in, import,  
and export petroleum byproducts  
and lubricating oils. 
  
The Company has yet to start its 
commercial operations hence turnover 
for the previous 3 years is not available. 
 
 