[page 1]
 
 
Date: October 28, 2025 
BSE Limited,      National Stock Exchange of India Limited,   
Department of Corporate Services,   The Listing Department,   
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,    Exchange Plaza,     
Dalal Street, Fort,     Bandra Kurla Complex,     
Mumbai-400001     Mumbai-400051    
 
Scrip Code: 544545     Scrip code: INE0MWH01014    Symbol: TRUALT 
 
Sub: Intimation under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 ("Listing Regulations") - Issuance of Corporate Guarantee and Creation of 
Pledge on Shares of TGPL 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Pursuant to the provisions of the Regulation 30 read with other applicable regulations of the  Listing 
Regulations, we hereby wish to inform you that the Board of Directors of the Company, at their meeting 
held today, i.e., Tuesday, October 28, 2025, from 1:00 P.M. to 03:45 P.M., has, inter alia, considered 
and approved providing of Corporate Guarantee worth 51% of the project cost in line with the JV A 
conditions with Sumitomo Corp in favour of the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development 
(NABARD) and pledging of  equity shares held by the Company in its subsidiary, Trualt Gas Private 
Limited (“TGPL”), as security for the term loan facility of ₹180,00,00,000 (Rupees One Hundred 
Eighty Crore only), sanctioned by NABARD to TGPL for setting up of 3 CBG plants with a capacity 
of 20 TPD each plant. 
The Corporate Guarantee shall be provided by the Company to the extent of its 51% shareholding in 
TGPL, while the balance 49% shall be secured by the Joint Venture Partner, Sumitomo Corporation as 
mutually agreed upon. This arrangement ensures proportionate security coverage and equitable 
commitment by both Joint Venture partners in accordance with their respective shareholding, thereby 
facilitating the successful implementation of the project and meeting the security conditions prescribed 
by NABARD. 
Further, in compliance with Regulation 30 of the SEBI Listing Regulations and Clause 1 of Part A of 
Schedule III thereof, read with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 
11, 2024, we are enclosing the requisite disclosure details as Annexure-A to this letter. 
The aforementioned information is also available on the Company’s website: www.trualtbioenergy.com. 
We request you to kindly take the above on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Trualt Bioenergy Limited 
 
Vijaykumar Nirani 
Managing Director 
(DIN :  07413777) 
[page 2]
 
 
 
Annexure-A 
Brief details pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015  read with SEBI Circular No. 
SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 11, 2024, is as under 
Sl. No. Particulars Details 
1 
Name of party for which such 
guarantee or indemnity or surety 
was given 
Trualt Gas Private Limited 
2 
Whether the promoter/ promoter 
group/ group companies have any 
interest in this transaction? If yes, 
nature of interest and details 
thereof and whether the same is 
done at “arm’s length” 
Trualt Gas Private Limited (“TGPL”) is a 
subsidiary of Trualt Bioenergy Limited. 
 
None of the promoters or members of the promoters 
group or directors of the Company are interested in 
the proposed transaction except Mr. Vijaykumar 
Murugesh Nirani , Mr. Vishal Nirani  and Mrs. 
Sushmitha Vijaykumar Nirani  are Directors in 
TGPL. 
 
The transaction is done at arm’s length basis 
3 
Brief details of such guarantee or  
indemnity or becoming a surety 
viz. brief details of agreement 
entered (if any) including 
significant terms and conditions, 
including amount of guarantee: 
 
1) The Company shall provide the Corporate 
Guarantee worth 51% of the project cost in 
line with the JV A conditions with Sumitomo 
Corp, in favour of NABARD as security for 
the term loan facility  of Rs. 180 .00 Cr 
sanctioned to Trualt Gas Private Limited 
(TGPL), a subsidiary Company for setting 
up of 3 CBG plants with a capacity of 20 
TPD, upto the extent of outstanding loan 
amount. 
 
The Corporate Guarantee shall be provided 
by the Company to the extent of its 51% 
shareholding in TGPL, while the balance 
49% shall be secured by the Joint Venture 
Partner, Sumitomo Corporation as mutually 
agreed upon. This arrangement ensures 
proportionate security coverage and 
equitable commitment by both Joint Venture 
partners in accordance with their respective 
shareholding, thereby facilitating the 
successful implementation of the project 
[page 3]
 
 
and meeting the security conditions 
prescribed by NABARD. 
 
2) Pledge of 51% equity shares held by the 
Company in Trualt Gas Private Limited 
(TGPL), a subsidiary Company, in favour of 
NABARD against the said term loan 
sanctioned to TGPL. 
 
4 
Impact of such guarantees or 
indemnity or surety on listed 
entity. 
The said Corporate Guarantee is provided on behalf 
of the TGPL a subsidiary Company. At this point, 
there is no impact of the said Guarantee on the 
Company other than disclosure in the financial 
statement. 
 
The pledge does not affect the shareholding pattern 
of the listed entity Trualt Bioenergy Limited . It is 
only on the shares of its subsidiary Company. 
 
This pledge is in full compliance with the relevant 
SEBI regulations and does not affect our rights in 
the subsidiary. The Company will comply with all 
applicable statutory requirements in this regard. 
  
 
 