[page 1]
 
 
Date: January 09, 2026 
BSE Limited,      National Stock Exchange of India Limited,   
Department of Corporate Services,   The Listing Department,   
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,    Exchange Plaza,     
Dalal Street, Fort,     Bandra Kurla Complex,     
Mumbai-400001     Mumbai-400051    
 
Scrip Code: 544545     ISIN: INE0MWH01014    Symbol: TRUALT 
 
Sub: Intimation under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015- Appointment of Mr. Monu Kumar 
as an Interim Company Secretary and Compliance Officer (KMP) of the Company. 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, and Part A Para A of Schedule III, we hereby inform you that on the recommendation of 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board of Directors of Trualt Bioenergy Limited (the 
“Company”) at their meeting held today i.e., January 9, 2026, have approved the appointment of Mr. 
Monu Kumar (M.No.:A38853) as an Interim  Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  of the 
Company with immediate effect. 
 
Further, in compliance with Regulation 30 of the SEBI Listing Regulations and Clause  1 of Part A of 
Schedule III thereof, read with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 
11, 2024, we are enclosing the requisite disclosure details as Annexure-A to this letter. 
 
The Board meeting commenced at 4:30 P.M. and concluded at 5:15 PM.  
The aforementioned information is also available on the Company’s website: www.trualtbioenergy.com. 
We request you to kindly take the above on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Trualt Bioenergy Limited 
 
 
Vijaykumar Nirani 
Managing Director 
(DIN:  07413777) 
 
 
 
 
 
[page 2]
 
 
Annexure-A 
Brief details pursuant to regulation  30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015  read with SEBI Circular No. 
SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 11, 2024 is as under: 
 
Reason for change viz. 
appointment, re -appointment, 
resignation, removal, death or 
otherwise 
Mr. Monu Kumar  has been appointed as  an Interim 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer (Key 
Managerial Personnel) of the Company. 
Date of appointment /re 
appointment /cessation (as 
applicable) & term of 
appointment/re-appointment 
Date of appointment: January 9, 2026  
  
Term of appointment:  appointed as an “Interim -
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer”  (Key 
Managerial Personnel) of the Company with immediate 
effect until a regular Compliance Officer is appointed or 
until further orders of the Board, whichever is earlier. 
Brief profile (in case of 
appointment) 
Mr. Monu Kumar is a qualified Company Secretary and 
Law Graduate with over 11 years of professional 
experience in corporate governance, secretarial, legal, and 
regulatory compliances across listed, unlisted, NBFC, and 
group companies. 
 
His expertise includes driving compliance initiatives, 
establishing corporate governance standards, enabling 
effective practices and procedures, corporate 
restructuring, merger & acquisition, cross border 
regulatory compliances, FEMA, transaction support, fund 
raising, IPO and listing Compliances. 
 
Prior to joining Trualt, he was associated with Kurl-On (a 
material subsidiary of Sheela Foam Limited - a listed 
entity), Rungta Irrigation Limited and Samara Realty 
Private Limited. 
Disclosure of relationships 
between directors (in case of 
appointment of a director) 
NA 
 