[page 1]
 
 
 
August 4, 2026 
BSE Limited,      National Stock Exchange of India Limited,   
Department of Corporate Services,   The Listing Department,   
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,    Exchange Plaza,     
Dalal Street, Fort,     Ba ndra Kurla Complex,     
Mumbai-400001     Mumbai-400051    
 
Scrip Code: 544545     Symbol: TRUALT 
 
Sub: Intimation under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 – Sale of Unit 5 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, we wish to inform you that the Board of Directors of the Company, at its meeting held today, has 
approved the sale of the Company's undertaking s ituated at Muttalageri Village, Badami Taluka, 
Karnataka ("Unit 5"), subject to the execution of de finitive agreement(s), to gether with the land, 
building, plant and machinery, movable assets and other assets forming part thereof, as a going concern 
by way of a slump sale, to M/s. Onkar Agro Sugars & Energy Private Limited, on the principal terms 
and conditions placed before and approved by the Board. 
 
The aggregate consideration for the proposed slump sale is Rs. 171,00,00,000/- (Rupees One Hundred 
Seventy One Crore Only),  subject to the execution of defin itive agreement(s), customary closing 
adjustments and fulfilment of conditions precedent an d receipt of such statutory, regulatory and other 
approvals, consents and permissions, as may be applicable. 
 
The meeting commenced at 10:50 a.m. (IST) and concluded at 12:10 p.m. (IST) 
 
Further, in compliance with Regula tion 30 of the SEBI Listing Regulatio ns and Clause 1 of Part A of  
Schedule III thereof, read with SEBI Circular  No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 
11, 2024, we are enclosing the requisite disclosure details as Annexure-A to this letter. 
 
The aforementioned informatio n shall be made available on the Company’s website: 
www.trualtbioenergy.com. 
We request you to kindly take the above on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For TruAlt Bioenergy Limited 
 
 
Monu Kumar 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
M. No: A38853 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
[page 2]
 
 
Annexure-A 
The disclosure as required under Regulati on 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,  2015 read with SEBI Circular No. 
SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated 11th November, 2024 (as amended), is given 
hereunder 
 
S. No. Particulars Details 
1. Nature of Transaction Sale of undertaking situated at Muttalageri Village, 
Badami Taluka, Karnataka (“Unit 5” or “Badami 
Undertaking”)  
 
 
The proposed divestment of Unit 5 is a strategic 
decision aimed at strengthening the financial 
position of the Company and enhancing its 
operational efficiency. The Unit is currently not 
contributing to the Company's revenue or overall 
sales performance, thereby constituting a non-core 
asset. 
 
The Unit carries an outstanding term loan of 
approximately Rs. 135 crore from the Indian 
Renewable Energy Development Agency Limited 
(IREDA), resulting in significant finance costs that 
continue to adversely impact the Company's 
profitability and cash flows.  
 
The proposed divestment would enable the 
Company to substantially reduce its debt burden, 
lower interest costs, improve liquidity, and 
strengthen its balance sheet. 
 
The sale proceeds will primarily be utilized towards 
repayment of the outstanding debt associated with 
the Unit, with the balance being deployed in the 
Company's core business operations and other high-
growth opportunities. 
 
The proposed divestment is expected to improve 
capital allocation, enhance operational focus, and 
create long-term value for the shareholders. 
Accordingly, the proposed slump sale of Unit 5 is a 
prudent business decision aligned with the 
Company's long-term financial and operational 
[page 3]
 
 
objectives. 
2. Amount and percentage of the turnover or revenue 
or income and net worth contributed by such unit 
or division or undertaking or subsidiary or 
associate company of the listed entity during the 
last financial year 
Turnover/Revenue: The undertaking did not 
contribute any turnover or revenue during the 
financial year ended March 31, 2026. Accordingly, 
its contribution to the total turnover of the Company 
was Nil (0%). 
 
Net Worth:  The carrying value of the net assets 
attributable to the undertaking represents 159.32 Cr 
which is 10.53 % of the Company's net worth as at 
March 31, 2026. 
3 date on which the agreement for sale has been 
entered into 
MOU has been entered into on August 4, 2026 and 
the definitive agreement(s) shall be executed after 
completion of due diligence and other conditions. 
3. the expected date of completion of sale/disposal 04.11.2026 
 Consideration received from such sale/disposal; Rs. 171,00,00,000/- (One Hundred Seventy One 
Crore Only) subject to customary closing 
adjustments 
4. brief details of buyers and whether any of the 
buyers belong to the promoter/ promoter 
group/group companies. If yes, details thereof 
Onkar Agro Sugars & Energy Private Limited 
Buyer does not belong to promoter/promote
r
group/group companies 
5. Whether the transaction would fall within related 
party transactions? If yes, whether the same is 
done at “arm’s length 
 No 
6. Whether the sale, lease or disposal of the 
undertaking is outside Scheme of Arrangement? If 
yes, details of the same including compliance with 
regulation 37A of LODR Regulations. 
Not applicable 
7. additionally, in case of a slump sale, indicative 
disclosures provided for amalgamation/merger, 
shall be disclosed by the listed entity with respect 
to such slum
p sale 
Not applicable 
 
8. In case of termination or amendment of agreement, 
listed entity shall disclose additional details to the 
stock exchange(s):  
a) name of parties to the agreement;  
b) nature of the agreement;  
c) date of execution of the agreement;  
d) details of amendment and impact thereof or 
reasons of termination and impact thereof.  
 
 NA 
 