[page 1]
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
BSE Limited,      National Stock Exchange of India Limited,   
Department of Corporate Services,   The Listing Department,   
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,    Exchange Plaza,     
Dalal Street, Fort,     Bandra Kurla Complex,     
Mumbai-400001    Mumbai-400051    
Scrip Code: 544545     Symbol: TRUALT 
 
Sub: Monitoring Agency Report for the quarter ended March 31, 2026 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 32 (6) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), read with Regulation 41(4) 
of the SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018, we hereby submit the 
Monitoring Agency Report issued by  Crisil Ratings Limited , for the quarter ended March 31, 2026, in 
respect of utilization of the proceeds of the Initial Public Offer of the Company. 
 
The disclosure will also be hosted on the Company’s website viz. www.trualtbioenergy.com. 
 
We request you to kindly take the above on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Trualt Bioenergy Limited 
 
 
Monu Kumar  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
(M. No. 38853)  
 
 
 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
[page 2]
 
1 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Monitoring Agency Report  
for  
TruAlt Bioenergy Limited  
for the quarter ended  
March 31, 2026 
  
[page 3]
 
2 
 
 
CRL/MAR/TRUIOE/2025-26/1746 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
To 
TruAlt Bioenergy Limited  
Survey No. 166, Kulali Cross,  
Jamkhandi Mudhol Road,  
Bagalkot – 587313, Karnataka, India 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Monitoring Agency Report for the quarter ended March 31, 2026 - in relation to the Initial Public Offer 
(“IPO”) of TruAlt Bioenergy Limited (“the Company”) 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 41(2) of SEBI ( Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018 (“ SEBI 
ICDR Regulations ”) and Monitoring Agency Agreement dated  September 19, 2025 , enclosed herewith the 
Monitoring Agency Report , issued by Crisil Ratings Limited, Monitoring Agency, as per Schedule XI of the SEBI 
ICDR Regulations towards utilization of proceeds of IPO for the quarter ended March 31, 2026.  
 
Request you to kindly take the same on records. 
 
Thanking you, 
For and on behalf of Crisil Ratings Limited 
 
 
 
 
Shounak Chakravarty  
Director, Ratings (LCG) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

[page 4]
 
3 
 
Report of the Monitoring Agency (MA) 
 
Name of the issuer: TruAlt Bioenergy Limited 
 
For quarter ended: March 31, 2026 
 
Name of the Monitoring Agency: Crisil Ratings Limited 
 
(a) Deviation from the objects:  Not applicable 
 
(b) Range of Deviation: Not applicable 
 
Declaration: 
We declare that this report provides an objective view of the utilization of the issue proceeds in relation to the objects of  the 
issue based on the information provided by the Issuer and information obtained from sources believed by it to be accurate and  
reliable. The MA does not perform an audit and undertakes no independent verification of any information/ certifications/ 
statements it receives. This Report is not intended to create any legally binding obligations on the MA which accepts no 
responsibility, whatsoever, for loss or damage from the use of the said information. The views and opinions expressed herein do 
not constitute the opinion of MA to deal in any security of the Issuer in any manner whatsoever. Nothing mentioned in this 
report is intended to or should be construed as creating a fiduciary relationship between the MA and any issuer or between the 
agency and any user of this report. The MA and its affiliates also do not act as an expert as defined under Section 2(38) of the 
Companies Act, 2013. 
 
The MA or its affiliates may have credit rating or other commercial transactions with the entity to which the report pertains  
and may receive separate compensation for its ratings and certain credit -related analyses. We confirm that we do not perceive 
any conflict of interest in such relationship/interest while monitoring and reporting the utilization of the issue proceeds by the 
issuer. 
 
We have submitted the report herewith in line with the format prescribed by SEBI, capturing our comments, where applicable. 
There are certain sections of the report under the title “Comments of the Board of Directors”, that shall be captured by the 
Issuer’s Management / Audit Committee of the Board of Directors subsequent to the MA submitting their report to the issuer 
and before dissemination of the report through stock exchanges. These sections have not been reviewed by the MA, and the MA 
takes no responsibility for such comments of the issuer’s Management/Board. 
 
 
 
Signature:  
Name and designation of the Authorized Signatory: Shounak Chakravarty 
Designation of Authorized person/Signing Authority: Director, Ratings (LCG) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

[page 5]
 
4 
 
1) Issuer Details: 
 
Name of the issuer:                 TruAlt Bioenergy Limited 
 
Names of the promoter: Mr. Vijaykumar Nirani, Mr. Vishal Nirani, Mrs. Sushmitha 
Vijaykumar Nirani 
 
Industry/sector to which it belongs:              Other agricultural products 
 
2) Issue Details 
 
Issue Period: September 25, 2025, to September 29, 2025 
 
Type of issue (public/rights):   Initial Public Offer (IPO) 
 
Type of specified securities:                 Equity Shares 
 
IPO Grading, if any:    NA 
 
Issue size:  Rs 750.00 crore*  
 
*Note: 
Particulars Amount (Rs. crore) 
Gross proceeds 750.00# 
Less: Issue Expenses 92.96 
Net Proceeds 657.04 
 
#Crisil Ratings shall be monitoring the gross proceeds. 
 
  
[page 6]
 
5 
 
 
3) Details of the arrangement made to ensure the monitoring of issue proceeds:  
 
Particulars Reply 
Source of information/ 
certifications considered 
by Monitoring Agency 
for preparation of report 
Comments of the 
Monitoring Agency 
Comments 
of the 
Board of 
Directors 
Whether all utilization is as per 
the disclosures in the Offer 
Document? 
Yes 
Management undertaking, 
Peer-reviewed 
Independent Chartered 
Accountant certificate^, 
Prospectus dated 
September 29, 2025 
(hereinafter referred as 
“Offer document”), Bank 
Statements 
Proceeds were utilized 
towards capital 
expenditure, working 
capital requirements, 
general corporate 
purpose and issue 
expenses 
No 
comments 
Whether shareholder approval 
has been obtained in case of 
material deviations from 
expenditures disclosed in the 
Offer Document? 
NA 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management  
Undertaking, Peer-
reviewed Independent 
Chartered Accountant 
certificate^ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
No comments No 
comments 
Whether the means of finance for 
the disclosed objects of the issue 
has changed? 
No No comments No 
comments 
Is there any major deviation 
observed over the earlier 
monitoring agency reports? 
No No comments No 
comments 
Whether all Government/ 
statutory approvals related to the 
object(s) have been obtained? 
NA No comments No 
comments 
Whether all arrangements 
pertaining to technical 
assistance/collaboration are in 
operation? 
NA No comments No 
comments 
Are there any favorable events 
improving the viability of these 
object(s)? 
No No comments No 
comments 
Are there any unfavorable events 
affecting the viability of the 
object(s)? 
No No comments No 
comments 
Is there any other relevant 
information that may materially 
affect the decision making of the 
investors? 
No No comments No 
comments 
NA represents Not Applicable 
^Certificate dated May 08 , 202 6, issued  by M/s YCRJ & Associates , Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration Number: 
006927S), Peer-reviewed Independent Chartered Accountant. 
  
[page 7]
 
6 
 
4) Details of object(s) to be monitored: 
 
i. Cost of the object(s):  
Sr. 
No. 
 
Item 
Head 
Source of 
information/ 
certification 
considered by 
MA for 
preparation of 
report 
Original 
cost  
(as per the 
Offer 
Document) 
(Rs in 
crore) 
Revised 
Cost 
(Rs in 
crore) 
Comment 
of the 
Monitoring 
Agency 
Comments of the Board of Directors 
Reason of 
Cost 
revision 
Proposed 
financing 
option 
Particulars 
of firm 
arrangement
s 
made 
1 
Funding capital 
expenditure towards 
setting up multi-feed 
stock operations to 
pave- way for utilizing 
grains as an additional 
raw material in 
ethanol plant at TBL 
Unit 4 of 300 KLPD 
capacity 
Management 
undertaking, 
Peer-
reviewed 
Independent 
Chartered 
Accountant 
certificate^, 
Offer 
document 
150.68 NA No 
revision No revision NA NA 
2 Funding working 
capital requirements 425.00 NA No 
revision No revision NA NA 
3 General corporate 
purposes# 81.36 NA No 
revision No revision NA NA 
- Sub-total 657.04 - - - - - 
4 Issue expenses 92.96 NA No 
revision No revision NA NA 
- Total - 750.00 - - - - - 
 
#The amount utilised for general corporate purposes does not exceed 25% of the Gross Proceeds (amountin g to Rs 187.50 crore) from the 
Fresh Issue. 
 
^Certificate dated May 08, 2026, issued by M/s YCRJ & Associates, Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration Number: 006927S), Peer-
reviewed Independent Chartered Accountant. 
  
[page 8]
 
7 
 
ii. Progress in the object(s): 
 
 
 
Sr. 
No. 
 
 
Item Head# 
Source of 
information/ 
certifications 
considered by 
Monitoring 
Agency for 
preparation of 
report 
 
 
Amount 
as 
proposed 
in the 
Offer 
Document 
(Rs in 
crore) 
Amount utilized (Rs in crore) 
 
 
Total 
unutilized 
amount 
(Rs in 
crore) 
 
Comments of 
the 
Monitoring 
Agency 
Comments of the 
Board of Directors 
As at 
beginning 
of the 
quarter 
 
During 
the 
quarter 
At the 
end 
of the 
quarter 
 
Reasons 
for idle 
funds 
 
Proposed 
course of 
action 
1 
Funding capital 
expenditure towards 
setting up multi-feed 
stock operations to pave- 
way for utilizing grains 
as an additional raw 
material in ethanol plant 
at TBL Unit 4 of 300 
KLPD capacity 
Management 
undertaking, 
Peer-
reviewed 
Independent 
Chartered 
Accountant 
certificate^, 
Offer 
document, 
Bank 
Statements 
150.68 140.13 0.01 140.14 10.54 
Proceeds 
utilized 
towards 
purchase of 
plant and 
machinery. 
Refer note 1 
Pending 
amount 
will be 
utilized 
on receipt 
of invoice 
NA 
2 Funding working capital 
requirements 425.00 263.22 161.78 425.00 Nil 
Proceeds 
utilized 
towards 
vendor 
payment 
and 
adjustment 
of cash 
credit 
facility. 
Refer note 1 
Full 
amount 
utilized 
NA 
3 General corporate 
purposes 81.36 69.99 11.37 81.36 Nil 
Proceeds 
utilized 
towards 
adjustment 
of cash 
credit 
facility. 
Refer note 1 
Full 
amount 
utilized 
NA 
- Sub-total 657.04 473.34 173.16 646.50 10.54 - - - 
4 Issue expenses 92.96 46.29 27.42 73.71 19.25 
Proceeds 
utilized 
towards 
BRLM fees 
and other 
IPO 
expenses 
Amount 
paid as 
per 
invoice 
raised 
NA 
- Total - 750.00 519.63 200.58 720.21 29.79 - - - 
 
^Certificate dated May 08, 2026, issued by M/s YCRJ & Associates, Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration Number: 006927S), Peer-
reviewed Independent Chartered Accountant. 
[page 9]
 
8 
 
 
Note 1: The Company has transferred Rs 159.64 crore from its monitoring account to its various other cash credit accounts for utilization 
towards aforementioned objects of the issue, for operational ease. The transferred proceeds were fully utilized as at quarter ended March 31, 
2026. 
 
#Brief description of objects: 
Object of the Issue Description of objects as per the offer document filed by the issuer  
Funding capital expenditure 
towards setting up multi-feed 
stock operations to pave- way for 
utilizing grains as an additional 
raw material in ethanol plant at 
TBL Unit 4 of 300 KLPD capacity 
The production of ethanol requires sugar syrup / juice and molasses, amongst others, 
as raw material and the Company sources a significant portion of such raw materials 
from sugar manufacturing facilities owned by an entity forming part of the Promoter 
Group. The Company is in the process of setting up an additional plant at TBL Unit 4 
of 300 KLPD capacity which will operate on a multi feed basis, utilizing grains 
(particularly maize and rice), alternatively in the off -season in order to reduce the 
dependence and storage cost on sugar syrup / juice and molasses at in TBL Unit 4 
which currently has a capacity of 200 KLPD in mono-feed. The Company proposes to 
utilize Rs 150.68 crore out of the Net proceeds towards the object. 
Funding working capital 
requirements 
The business of the Company  is working capital intensive due to factors such as the 
cyclical nature of business, increase in prices of raw materials during off -season, 
dependence of sale of ethanol on the bidding process of Oil Marketing Companies 
(“OMCs”) and supply of ethanol as p er the delivery schedules guided by OMCs 
pursuant to various market factors. Their needs for working capital have gone up and 
they fund a majority of their working capital requirements in the ordinary course of 
business through the internal accruals, borro wings and shareholders’ capital.  The 
Company proposes to utilize Rs 425.00 crore out of the Net proceeds towards the 
object. 
General corporate purposes 
The Company proposes to deploy the balance Net Proceeds aggregating to Rs 81.36 
crore towards general corporate purposes, subject to such amount not exceeding 25% 
of the Gross Proceeds, in compliance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations.  
 
The general corporate purposes for which the Company proposes to utilise Net 
Proceeds include, but are not restricted to, the following: (i) meeting ongoing general 
corporate expenses, exigencies and contingencies; (ii) marketing, advertising 
expenditures and business development expenses; and (iii)  payment of salaries and 
allowances, administration, insurance, repair & maintenance, payment of taxes, duties 
and meeting expenses incurred by the Company in the ordinary course of business.  
 
The allocation or quantum of utilisation of funds towards the specific purposes 
described above will be determined by our Board, based on our business requirements 
and other relevant considerations, from time to time, subject to compliance with 
applicable laws. 
 
  
[page 10]
 
9 
 
 
iii. Deployment of unutilised proceeds^: 
 
S. 
No. 
Type of instrument where 
amount is invested 
Amount 
invested 
(Rs in 
crore) 
Maturity 
date 
Earnings as 
on March 
31, 2026 (Rs 
in crore) 
Return on 
Investment 
(%)  
Market 
value as at 
the end of 
quarter (Rs 
in crore) 
1 
Balance in monitoring account 
of the Company maintained 
with Kotak Mahindra Bank 
10.54 - - - 10.54 
2 
Balance in public offer account 
of the Company maintained 
with Kotak Mahindra Bank 
21.95 - - - 21.95 
- Total* 32.49 - - - 32.49 
 
 
*Particulars Amount (Rs in crore) 
Proceeds lying as balance in monitoring and public offer account of the Company 32.49 
Less: Proceeds from Offer for Sale (does not form part of the scope of Monitoring Agency) (2.70) 
Unutilized Gross Proceeds 29.79 
 
^On the basis of management undertaking  and certificate dated May 08, 2026, issued by M/s YCRJ & Associates, Chartered 
Accountants (Firm Registration Number: 006927S), Peer-reviewed Independent Chartered Accountant. 
 
iv. Delay in implementation of the object(s):  
 
 
Object(s) 
Completion Date  
Delay  
(no. of days/ 
months) 
Comments of the Board of 
Directors 
As per the 
Offer 
Document 
Actual Reason of delay 
Proposed 
course of 
action 
Funding capital expenditure towards 
setting up multi -feed stock operations to 
pave- way for utilizing grains as an 
additional raw material in ethanol plant at 
TBL Unit 4 of 300 KLPD capacity 
FY 2026 – 
Rs 150.68 
crore 
FY 2026 – 
Rs 140.14 
crore 
Refer note 2 
Projects 
achieved DCCO. 
The amount will 
be sent on 
receipt of 
invoice. 
NA 
 
^On the basis of management undertaking  and certificate dated May 08, 2026, issued by M/s YCRJ & Associates, Chartered 
Accountants (Firm Registration Number: 006927S), Peer-reviewed Independent Chartered Accountant. 
 
Note 2: 
As per Company's offer document dated September 29, 2025, the Company had estimated to utilize Rs 150.68 crore for the 
aforementioned object by Fiscal 2026. However, based on the management undertaking and peer-reviewed Independent 
Chartered Accountant certificate, the Company has utilized Rs 140.14 crore only as at the end of fiscal 2026, hence, there is a 
delay in the implementation schedule. This delay is on account of delay in receipt of proforma invoice from vendors.   
[page 11]
 
10 
 
However, the offer document further states that, “In the event that estimated utilization out of the Net Proceeds in a scheduled 
Fiscal being not undertaken in its entirety, the remaining Net Proceeds shall be utilized in subsequent Fiscals, as may be 
decided by our Company, in accordance with applicable laws.” 
 
5) Details of utilization of proceeds stated as General Corporate Purpose amount in the offer document ^: 
 
S. 
No. Item heads 
Amount 
(Rs in 
crore) 
Remarks 
1 Meeting expenses of the Company 11.37 
• Proceeds utilized towards adjustment of cash 
credit facility 
• The funds utilised towards GCP are approved by 
the Board of Directors of the Company vide 
resolution dated May 14, 2026. 
 
^On the basis of management undertaking and certificate dated May 08, 2026, issued by M/s YCRJ & Associates, Chartered 
Accountants (Firm Registration Number: 006927S), Peer-reviewed Independent Chartered Accountant. 
 
Disclaimers: 
 
a) This Report is prepared by C risil Ratings Limited (hereinafter referred to as "Monitoring Agency” / “MA" / 
“CRL”). The MA has taken utmost care to ensure accuracy and objectivity while developing this Report based on the 
information provided by the Issuer and information obtained from sources believed by it to be accurate and reliable. 
The views and opinions expressed herein do not constitute the opinion of MA to deal in any security of the Issuer in 
any manner whatsoever.  
b) This Report has to be seen in its entirety; the selective review of portions of the Report may lead to inaccurate 
assessments. For the purpose of this Report, MA has relied upon the information provided by the management 
/officials/ consultants of the Issu er and third -party sources like Peer-reviewed Independent Chartered Accountant s 
(or from peer reviewed CA firms) appointed by the Issuer believed by it to be accurate and reliable. 
c) Nothing contained in this Report is capable or intended to create any legally binding obligations on the MA which 
accepts no responsibility, whatsoever, for loss or damage from the use of the said information. The MA is also not 
responsible for any errors in transmission and specifically states that it, or its directors, employees do not have any 
financial liabilities whatsoever to the users of this Report. 
d) The MA and its affiliates do not act as a fiduciary. The MA and its affiliates also do not act as an expert to the extent 
defined under Section 2(38) of the Companies Act, 2013. While the MA has obtained information from sources it 
believes to be reliable,  it does not perform an audit and undertakes no independent verification of any information/ 
certifications/ statements it receives from auditors (or from peer reviewed CA firms), lawyers, chartered engineers or 
other experts, and relies on in its reports. 
e) The MA or its affiliates may have other commercial transactions with the entity to which the report pertains. As an 
example, the MA may rate the issuer or any debt instruments / facilities issued or proposed to be issued by the issuer 
that is subject matte r of this report. The MA may receive separate compensation for its ratings and certain credit -
related analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of the instruments, facilities, securities or from obligors.  
f) The MA report is intended for the jurisdiction of India only. This report does not constitute an offer of services. 
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, nothing in the report is to be construed as CRL providing or 
intending to provide any serv ices in jurisdictions outside India, where it does not have the necessary licenses and/or 
registration to carry out its business activities referred to above.  
g) Access or use of this report does not create a client relationship between CRL and the user.  
h) CRL is not aware that any user intends to rely on the report or of the manner in which a user intends to use the report. 
In preparing this report, MA has not taken into consideration the objectives or particular needs of any particular user.  
i) It is made abundantly clear that the report is not intended to and does not constitute an investment advice. The report 
is not an offer to sell or an offer to purchase or subscribe for any investment in any securities, instruments, facilities 
[page 12]
 
11 
 
or solicitation of any kind to enter into any deal or transaction with the entity to which the report pertains. The report 
should not be a basis for any investment decision within the meaning of any law or regulation (including the laws 
and regulations applicable in the US). 
j) The report comprises professional opinion of CRL as of the date they are expressed, based on the information received 
from the issuer and other sources considered reliable by CRL. Any opinions expressed here are in good faith, are subject 
to change without  notice, and are only current as of the stated date of their issue. The report does not constitute 
statements of fact or recommendations to purchase, hold or sell any securities/instruments or to make any investment 
decisions. 
k) Neither CRL nor its affiliates, third -party providers, as well as their directors, officers, shareholders, employees or 
agents guarantee the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of the report, and shall not have any liability for any errors, 
omissions or interruptions therein, regardless of the cause, or for the results obtained from the use of any part of the 
report. CRL and each aforesaid party disclaims any and all express or implied warranties, including but not limited 
to any warranties of merchantabilit y, suitability or fitness for a particular purpose or use or use. In no event shall 
CRL or any aforesaid party be liable to any user for any direct, indirect, incidental, exemplary, compensatory, 
punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses,  legal fees or losses (including, without limitation, lost 
income or lost profits and opportunity costs) in connection with any use of any part of the report even if advised of 
the possibility of such damages.  
l) CRL has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain non-public information received 
in connection with the preparation of this report. CRL has in place a code of conduct and policies for managing conflict 
of interest.  
m) Unless required under any applicable law, this report should not be reproduced or redistributed to any other person 
or in any form without prior written consent from CRL. 
n) By accepting a copy of this Report, the recipient accepts the terms of this Disclaimer, which forms an integral part of 
this Report. 
 