[page 1]
 
 
June 8, 2026 
 
BSE Limited,      National Stock Exchange of India Limited,   
Department of Corporate Services,   The Listing Department,   
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,    Exchange Plaza,     
Dalal Street, Fort,     Bandra Kurla Complex,     
Mumbai-400001    Mumbai-400051    
Scrip Code: 544545     Symbol: TRUALT 
 
Sub: Postal Ballot Notice 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed Postal Ballot Notice dated May 22, 
2026 along with the explanatory statement thereto (“ Notice”), seeking approval of the Members only 
by way of remote e-voting (“E-voting”) to transact the following special business: 
 
S. No. Type of Resolution Description of Resolution 
1. Ordinary Resolution Approval of Material Related Party Transaction(s) to be entered 
into with Nirani Sugars Limited for the Financial Year 2026-27 
 
In compliance with the General Circular nos. 14/2020 dated April 8, 2020, 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020, 
and subsequent circulars issued in this regard, the latest being 09/2024 dated September 19, 2024 and 
3/2025 dated September 22, 2025 issued by the Mini stry of Corporate Affairs, The aforesaid Notice is 
being sent electronically to those Members whose names appear in the register of members of the 
Company and/ or in the register of beneficial owners maintained by the depositories as on Friday, June 
5, 2026 (“Cut-off Date”) at their registered email addresses with the Company/depositories . Members 
holding shares as on Cut-off Date are entitled to vote on the resolution as mentioned in the Notice. The 
Company has engaged the services of National Securities Depository Limited for facilitating E -voting 
services. The detailed procedure with respect to E-voting is mentioned in the ‘Notes’ to the Notice. 
 
Key information pertaining to Postal Ballot is as under: 
S. No. Particulars Details 
1. E-voting starts on 09:00 am (IST) on Wednesday, June 10, 2026 
2. E-voting ends on 05:00 pm (IST) on Thursday, July 09, 2026 
3. Results of Postal Ballot On or before Saturday, July 11, 2026 
 
The above information will also be made available on the Company’s website at 
www.trualtbioenergy.com. 
 
kindly take the above on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Trualt Bioenergy Limited 
 
 
Monu Kumar  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
(M. No. 38853)  
 
Encl.: As above 
[page 2]
 
1 | P a g e 
 
 TRUALT BIOENERGY LIMITED 
CIN: L15400KA2021PLC145978 
Registered Office: Survey No. 166, Mudhol Road, Kulali, Cross, Jamkhandi, Bagalkot, Karnataka, 587313 
Corporate Office: 15th Floor, Unit No. N-1504, World Trade Centre, Brigade Gateway Campus, No. 26/1, Dr. 
Rajkumar Road, Malleswaram West, Bengaluru- 560055, Karnataka, India. 
Email: contact@trualtbioenergy.com, Website: www.trualtbioenergy.com Phone: 080-23255000 
 
POSTAL BALLOT NOTICE 
Pursuant to Section 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 & 22 of The 
Companies (Management & Administration) Rules, 2014 
To the Members of the Company, 
NOTICE is hereby given that pursuant to and in compliance with the provisions of Section 108, 110 
and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”), read with Rules 20 and 
22 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 (the “Rules”), Regulation 44 and 
other applicable Regulations of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), read with General 
Circular No. 14/2020 dated April 08, 2020, General Circular No. 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020, General 
Circular No. 20/2021 dated December 08, 2021, General Circular No. 09/2024 dated September 19, 
2024 and General Circular No. 3/2025 dated September 22, 2025 issued by the Ministry of Corporate 
Affairs(“MCA”), Government of India, and Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-2/P/CIR/2024/133 
dated October 3, 2024 issued by the Securities and Exchange Board of India, hereinafter collectively 
referred to as the (“Circulars”), Secretarial Standard on General Meetings issued by the Institute of 
Company Secretaries of India (“SS-2”) and any other applicable law, rules and regulations (including 
any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force), that the resolution 
appended below is proposed to be passed by the members of the Company (as on the Cut-off Date (as 
defined below)) (“Members”), through postal ballot (the “Postal Ballot”) only by way of remote e-
voting (“e-voting”) process.  
The Statement, pursuant to the provisions of Section 102(1) and other applicable provisions of the Act 
read with the Rules, setting out all material facts relating to the resolutions proposed in this Postal Ballot 
Notice and additional information as required under the Listing Regulations and circulars issued 
thereunder is also attached. 
The Board of Directors has appointed Mr. Deepak Sadhu, a Practicing Company Secretaries 
(Membership No.: 39541 and COP No.: 14992), as Scrutinizer for conducting the Postal Ballot, through 
e-voting process, in a fair and transparent manner and they have communicated their willingness to be 
appointed and will be available for the said purpose. The Scrutinizer’s decision on the validity of the 
votes cast in the Postal Ballot shall be final. 
The Company has engaged the services of National Securities Depositories Limited (“NSDL”) as the 
agency to provide e-voting facility. 
In compliance with MCA Circulars, this Postal Ballot Notice indicating, inter alia, the process and 
manner of remote e-voting, is being sent only through electronic mode to the members whose names 
appear on the Register of Members / Beneficial Owners as on Friday, June 5, 2026, (“Cut-Off Date”) 
received from the Depositories and whose email address are registered with the Company / 
Depositories. Accordingly, physical copy of the Postal Ballot Notice along with Postal Ballot Form and 
pre-paid business reply envelope are not being sent to the Members, and no physical ballot forms will  

[page 3]
 
2 | P a g e 
 
be accepted. 
Members are requested to read the instructions given in the Notes to this Postal Ballot Notice so as to 
cast their vote electronically. The votes can be cast during the following voting period: 
 
Commencement of e-voting   9:00 a.m. (IST) on Wednesday, June 10, 2026 
End of e-voting 5:00 p.m. (IST) on Thursday, July 9, 2026 
The Scrutinizer will submit his report, after the completion of scrutiny, to the Chairman or Managing 
Director of the Company or to any other person so authorized. The results of e-voting will be announced 
on or before Saturday, July 11, 2026, and will be displayed on the Company’s website at 
www.trualtbioenergy.com and the website of NSDL at evoting.nsdl.com and the registered office of the 
Company. The results will simultaneously be communicated to the Stock Exchanges and will also be 
displayed at the registered office of the Company. 
SPECIAL BUSINESS: 
 
1. TO APPROVE MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTION(S) TO BE ENTERED 
INTO WITH NIRANI SUGARS LIMITED FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR 2026-27 AND IN 
THIS REGARD, TO CONSIDER AND IF THOUGHT FIT, TO PASS THE FOLLOWING 
RESOLUTION AS AN ORDINARY RESOLUTION:  
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Regulation 23, 2(1)(zc) and other applicable Regulations of the  
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (‘the Listing Regulations’) read with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-
2/P/CIR/2025/135 dated October 13, 2025, the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 
(‘Act’) read with rules framed thereunder if any (including any statutory modification(s) or amendments 
or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force), the Company’s Policy on Materiality of Related 
Party Transactions and on Dealing with Related Party Transactions and basis the approval of the Audit 
Committee and recommendation of the Board of Directors of the Company, the approval of the 
members be and is hereby accorded to the Board of Directors of the Company (hereinafter referred to 
as the ‘Board’, which term shall be deemed to include any Committee constituted/empowered/ to be 
constituted by the Board from time to time to exercise its powers conferred by this Resolution), to 
continue with the existing contracts/arrangements/transactions and/ or enter into and/or execute new 
contracts/arrangements/ transactions (whether by way of an individual transaction or a series of 
transactions taken together), the details of which are provided in the Explanatory Statement pursuant to 
Section 102 and other provisions of the Act read with related rules,  with Nirani Sugars Limited, a 
‘Related Party’ as defined under Section 2(76) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 2(zb) of the 
Listing Regulations, on such terms and conditions as may be agreed between the Company and Nirani 
Sugars Limited, for an aggregate value up to Rs. 2,500 Crores, for purchase/sale of goods/materials, 
and other transactions for the purpose of business, entered/to be entered into during FY 2026-27, subject 
to such contracts/arrangements/ transactions being carried out at arm’s length and in the ordinary course 
of business of the Company. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of the Company be and is hereby authorized to do all such 
acts, deeds, matters and things as it may deem fit at its absolute discretion and to take all such steps as 
may be required in this connection including finalizing and executing necessary contracts, schemes, 
agreements and such other documents as may be required, seeking all necessary approvals to give effect 
to this Resolution, for and on behalf of the Company and settling all such issues, questions, difficulties 
or doubts whatsoever that may arise and to take all such decisions from powers herein conferred to, 
[page 4]
 
3 | P a g e 
 
without being required to seek further consent or approval of the Members and that the Members shall 
be deemed to have given their approval thereto expressly by the authority of this Resolution.” 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board, be and is hereby authorized to delegate all or any of the 
powers herein conferred, to any Director or Key Managerial Personnel or any other officer or the 
Authorized Representative of the Company, to do all such acts and take such steps, as may be considered 
necessary or expedient, to give effect to the aforesaid Resolution. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all actions taken by the Board, or any person so authorized by the 
Board, in connection with any matter referred to or contemplated in any of the foregoing Resolution, 
be and are hereby approved, ratified and confirmed in all respects.” 
 
 By Order of the Board of 
Trualt Bioenergy Limited  
 
 
Sd/- 
Monu Kumar 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
M. No.: A38853 
 
Date: 22/05/2026 
Bangalore, Karnataka 
 
Registered Office: 
Survey No. 166, Mudhol Road, Kulali, Cross, Jamkhandi, Bagalkot, Karnataka, 587313 
CIN: L15400KA2021PLC145978 
Website: www.trualtbioenergy.com  
E-mail:  contact@trualtbioenergy.com 
Tel.: 080 23255000 
  
[page 5]
 
4 | P a g e 
 
NOTES: 
1) A statement, pursuant to the provisions of Section 102(1) and other applicable provisions of the 
Act read with the Rules, setting out all material facts relating to the resolutions mentioned in this 
Postal Ballot Notice and additional information as required under the Listing Regulations is 
attached. 
 
2) In compliance with the MCA Circulars, this Postal Ballot Notice is being sent only through 
electronic mode to those members whose names appear in the register of members / register of 
beneficial owners as on Friday, June 5, 2026 (“Cut-Off Date”) received from the Depositories 
and whose e-mail address is registered with the Company / Registrar and Transfer Agent / 
Depository Participants / Depositories.  
 
3) A person who is not a member as on the Cut-off Date should treat this Postal Ballot Notice for 
informational purposes only. Members who have registered their email IDs for receipt of 
documents in electronic form under the Green Initiative of the Ministry of Corporate Affairs are 
being sent this Postal Ballot Notice by e-mail to their email addresses registered with their 
Depository Participants / the Company’s RTA. In compliance with Regulation 44 of the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, as amended (the “LODR Regulations”) and pursuant to the provisions of Sections 108 and 
110 of the Act read with the rules framed thereunder and the MCA Circulars, the manner of voting 
on the proposed resolution is restricted only to e-voting i.e., by casting votes electronically instead 
of submitting postal ballot forms. Accordingly, physical copy of the Notice along with Postal 
Ballot Form and pre-paid business reply envelope are not being sent to the Members for this 
Postal Ballot. The communication of the assent or dissent of the Members would only take place 
through the remote e-voting system 
 
4) The Company has engaged the services of National Securities Depositories Limited (“NSDL”) 
as the agency to provide e-voting facility. 
 
5) This Postal Ballot Notice will also be available on the Company’s website at  
www.trualtbioenergy.com websites of the Stock Exchanges, i.e., BSE Limited and National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited at www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com respectively, and on the 
website of NSDL at www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
 
6) The resolution, if passed by the requisite majority through Postal Ballot, will be deemed to have 
been passed on the last date specified for voting, i.e. July 9, 2026. Resolution passed by the 
Members through postal ballot is deemed to have been passed as if it has been passed at a General 
Meeting of the members. 
 
7) SEBI has mandated the submission of Permanent Account Number (“PAN”), KYC details and 
nomination by holders of physical securities and linking PAN with Aadhaar vide its circulars 
dated March 16, 2023 and November 17, 2023, by every participant in securities market. 
Members holding shares in demat form are therefore requested to submit their PAN to their 
Depository Participant(s) with whom they are maintaining their demat accounts. Members 
holding shares in physical form can submit their PAN to the Company or RTA. 
 
8) As per the provisions of Section 72 of the Act, the facility for making nominations is available 
for the Members with respect to the shares held by them. Members who have not yet registered 
their nomination are requested to register the same by submitting Form No. SH-13. If a Member 
desires to cancel the earlier nomination and record a fresh nomination, he may submit the same 
[page 6]
 
5 | P a g e 
 
in Form SH-14. The forms can be downloaded from the RTA’s website. Members are requested 
to submit the said form to their Depository Participants (“DPs”) in case the shares are held in 
electronic form and to the Registrar at Office No S6-2, 6th floor Pinnacle Business Park, Next to 
Ahura Centre, Mahakali Caves Road, Andheri (East) Mumbai - 400093, India. in case the shares 
are held in physical form, quoting your folio number. 
 
9) In accordance with the MCA Circulars, the Company has made necessary arrangements for the 
members to register their e-mail address. Members who have not registered their e-mail address 
are requested to register the same (i) with the Depository Participant(s) where they maintain their 
demat accounts, if the shares are held in electronic form, and (ii) Members holding shares in 
physical mode if any, who have not registered / updated their e-mail address with the Company, 
are requested to register / update their e-mail address by submitting Form ISR-1 (available on the 
website of RTA at https://www .bigshareonline.com/resources-sebi_circular.aspx#parentHorizontalT ab3 duly 
filled and signed along with requisite supporting documents to Bigshare Services Pvt. Ltd. at  
Office No S6-2, 6th floor Pinnacle Business Park, Next to Ahura Centre, Mahakali Caves Road, 
Andheri (East) Mumbai - 400093, India.  
 
10) Only a person, whose name is recorded in the register of members / register of beneficial 
owners, as on the Cut-Off Date, maintained by the Depositories shall be entitled to participate 
in the e-voting. A person who is not a member as on the Cut-Off Date, should treat this Postal 
Ballot Notice for information purpose only. Shareholders are requested to provide their assent 
or dissent through remote e- V oting only.   
11)  V oting rights of a member / beneficial owner (in case of electronic shareholding) shall be in 
proportion to his / her / its shareholding in the paid-up equity share capital of the Company as on 
the Cut-Off Date. 
12) It is however, clarified that all members of the Company as on the Cut-off Date (including those 
Members who may not have received this Notice due to non-registration of their email address 
with the Company Registrar and Share Transfer Agent or Depositories) shall be entitled to vote 
in relation to the resolutions in accordance with the process specified hereinafter in this Notice. 
 
13) It is clarified that if a member fails to provide or update the relevant email address to the Company 
or its RTA or to the DP, as the case may be, the Company will not be in default for not delivering 
the Notice via email. The availability of this Notice on the Company’s website and on the website 
of the NSDL and Stock Exchanges shall be deemed to be the issuance of this Notice to all the 
Shareholders whose email address are not registered with the Company. 
 
14) The e-voting period commences at 9:00 a.m. (IST) on Wednesday, June 10, 2026 and ends at 
5:00 p.m. (IST) on Thursday, July 9, 2026. The e-voting will not be allowed beyond the aforesaid 
date and time and the e-voting module shall be forthwith disabled by NSDL upon expiry of the 
aforesaid period. 
 
15) The Board of Directors has appointed Mr. Deepak Sadhu, a Practising Company Secretary 
(Membership No.: 39541 & CP No.: 14992), as Scrutiniser for conducting the Postal Ballot, 
through e-voting process, in a fair and transparent manner and they have communicated their 
willingness to be appointed and will be available for the said purpose. The Scrutiniser’s decision 
on the validity of the votes cast in the Postal Ballot shall be final. 
 
16) The Scrutiniser will submit his report, after the completion of scrutiny, to the Chairman of the 
Board or Managing Director or to any other person so authorized. The results of e-voting will be 
[page 7]
 
6 | P a g e 
 
announced on or before Saturday, July 11, 2026, and will be displayed on the Company’s website 
at www.trualtbioenergy.com and the website of NSDL at www.evoting.nsdl.com and the 
registered office of the Company. The results will simultaneously be communicated to the Stock 
Exchanges and will also be displayed at the corporate office of the Company. 
 
17) Dispatch of the Notice along with the Explanatory Statement shall also be intimated/announced 
through an advertisement published in one Regional Newspaper, widely circulated in Mudhol, 
Karnataka (in vernacular language i.e., Kanada) and one English Newspaper circulated 
throughout India (in English Language) and shall be hosted on the Company’s website at 
www.trualtbioenergy.com 
 
18) The vote in this Postal Ballot cannot be exercised through proxy.   
 
19) In terms of the General Circulars Nos. 14/2020 dated April 8, 2020, 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020, 
22/2020 dated June 15, 2020, 33/2020 dated September 28, 2020, 39/2020 dated December 31, 
2020, 10/2021 dated June 23, 2021, 20/2021 dated December 8, 2021, 3/2022 dated May 5, 2022, 
11/2022 dated December 28, 2022 and 09/2023 dated September 25, 2023, General Circular 
No.(s) 09 / 2024 dated September 19, 2024 and 03/2025 dated September 22, 2025 issued by the 
Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Government of India (the “MCA Circulars”), voting can be done 
only by E-voting. 
 
20) All material documents referred to in the explanatory statement will be available for inspection 
only through electronic mode on all working days from the date of dispatch until the last date for 
receipt of votes by e-voting i.e., Friday, July 9, 2026. Members may send their requests to 
cs@trualtbioenergy.com from their registered e-mail address mentioning their names, folio 
numbers, DP ID and Client ID during the voting period. 
VOTING THROUGH ELECTRONIC MEANS: 
 
A. In compliance with provisions of Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 20 of the 
Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 and Regulation 44 of SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, [SEBI Listing Regulations] and 
the Circulars issued by MCA and SEBI, the Company is providing facility of remote e-voting/e-
voting to its Members in respect of the business to be transacted through Postal Ballot. For this 
purpose, the Company is utilising the e-voting services provided by National Securities 
Depository Limited (NSDL). 
 
B. The facility for remote e-voting shall remain open from 09:00 AM (IST) on Wednesday, June 
10, 2026 to 05:00 PM (IST) on Thursday, July 9, 2026. During this period, the members of the 
Company, holding shares either in physical form or in dematerialised form, as on the cut-off 
date, viz. Friday, June 5, 2026 may opt for remote e-voting. Remote e-voting shall not be 
allowed beyond 5.00 PM on Thursday, July 9, 2026.    
 
C. Pursuant to SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated December 9, 2020, 
under Regulation 44 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, listed entities are required to provide remote e-
voting facility to its shareholders, in respect of all shareholders’ resolutions. 
Instructions for e-voting:  
 
[page 8]
 
7 | P a g e 
 
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are 
mentioned below: 
 
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system 
 
A) Login method for e-Voting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode 
 
In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-V oting facility provided by Listed 
Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through 
their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are 
advised to update their mobile number and email Id in their demat accounts in order to access e-
V oting facility. 
 
Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below: 
 
Type of 
shareholders 
 Login Method 
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding 
securities in 
demat mode 
with NSDL. 
1. For OTP based login you can click 
on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogi
n.jsp. You will have to enter your 8-digit DP ID,8-digit Client 
Id, PAN No., V erification code and generate OTP. Enter the 
OTP received on registered email id/mobile number and click 
on login. After successful authentication, you will be 
redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-
V oting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service 
provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-V oting 
website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-
V oting period. 
 
2. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL 
Viz. https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer 
or on a mobile. On the e-Services home page click on the 
“Beneficial Owner” icon under “Login” which is available 
under ‘IDeAS’ section , this will prompt you to enter your 
existing User ID and Password. After successful 
authentication, you will be able to see e-V oting services under 
V alue added services. Click on “Access to e-Voting” under e-
V oting services and you will be able to see e-V oting page. 
Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. 
NSDL and you will be re-directed to e-V oting website of 
NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-V oting period. 
 
3. If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to 
register is available at https://eservices.nsdl.com.  Select 
“Register Online for IDeAS Portal” or click at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp  
 
Visit the e-V oting website of NSDL. Open web browser by 
typing the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ 
either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home 
[page 9]
 
8 | P a g e 
 
page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” 
which is available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A 
new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. 
your sixteen digit demat account number hold with NSDL), 
Password/OTP and a V erification Code as shown on the 
screen. After successful authentication, you will be redirected 
to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-V oting page. 
Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. 
NSDL and you will be redirected to e-V oting website of 
NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-V oting 
period. 
  
4. Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App 
“NSDL Speede” facility by scanning the QR code mentioned 
below for seamless voting experience. 
 
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding securities in 
demat mode with 
CDSL 
1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can 
login through their existing user id and password. Option will 
be made available to reach e-Voting page without any further 
authentication. The users to login Easi / Easiest are requested 
to visit CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on login 
icon & New System Myeasi Tab and then user your existing 
my easi username & password. 
2. After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see 
the e-Voting option for eligible companies where the evoting 
is in progress as per the information provided by company. On 
clicking the evoting option, the user will be able to see e-
Voting page of the e-Voting service provider for casting your 
vote during the remote e-Voting period. Additionally, there is 
also links provided to access the system of all e-Voting Service 
Providers, so that the user can visit the e-Voting service 
providers’ website directly. 
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register 
is available at CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on 
login & New System Myeasi Tab and then click on registration 
option. 
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by 
providing Demat Account Number and PAN No. from a e-
Voting link available on www.cdslindia.com home page. The 
system will authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered 
Mobile & Email as recorded in the Demat Account. After 

[page 10]
 
9 | P a g e 
 
successful authentication, user will be able to see the e-Voting 
option where the evoting is in progress and also able to directly 
access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers. 
Individual 
Shareholders 
(holding securities in 
demat mode) login 
through their 
depository 
participants 
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account 
through your Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for 
e-Voting facility. upon logging in, you will be able to see e-Voting 
option. Click on e-Voting option, you will be redirected to 
NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful authentication, wherein 
you can see e-Voting feature. Click on company name or e-Voting 
service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting 
website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting 
period. 
 
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to 
use Forget User ID and Forget Password option available at abovementioned website. 
 
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical 
issues related to login through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL. 
Login type Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with NSDL Members facing any technical issue in login can 
contact NSDL helpdesk by sending a request at  
evoting@nsdl.com or call at 022 - 4886 7000 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with CDSL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can 
contact CDSL helpdesk by sending a request at 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll 
free no. 1800-21-09911 
 
 
B) Login Method for shareholders other than Individual shareholders holding securities 
in demat mode and shareholders holding securities in physical mode. 
 
1. Visit the e-V oting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile.  
 
2. Once the home page of e-V oting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which 
is available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. 
 
3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and 
a Verification Code as shown on the screen. 
 
Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log-in at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with your existing IDEAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL 
eservices after using your log-in credentials, click on e-Voting and you can proceed to 
Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote electronically. 
 
4. Your User ID details are given below : 
 
Manner of holding shares i.e. Demat 
(NSDL or CDSL) or Physical 
 Your User ID is: 
[page 11]
 
10 | P a g e 
 
a) For Members who hold shares in 
demat account with NSDL. 
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit 
Client ID 
For example if your DP ID is IN300*** 
and Client ID is 12****** then your user 
ID is IN300***12******. 
b) For Members who hold shares in 
demat account with CDSL. 
16 Digit Beneficiary ID 
For example if your Beneficiary ID is 
12************** then your user ID is 
12************** 
c) For Members holding shares in 
Physical Form. 
EVEN Number followed by Folio 
Number registered with the company 
For example if folio number is 001*** 
and EVEN is 139598 then user ID is 
139598001*** 
 
 
5. Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given below:  
a) If you are already registered for e-V oting, then you can user your existing 
password to login and cast your vote. 
 
b) If you are using NSDL e-V oting system for the first time, you will need to retrieve 
the ‘initial password’ which was communicated to you. Once you retrieve your 
‘initial password’, you need to enter the ‘initial password’ and the system will 
force you to change your password. 
 
c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’? 
 
(i) If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the company, 
your ‘initial password’ is communicated to you on your email ID. Trace 
the email sent to you from NSDL from your mailbox. Open the email 
and open the attachment i.e. a .pdf file. Open the .pdf file. The password 
to open the .pdf file is your 8 digit client ID for NSDL account, last 8 
digits of client ID for CDSL account or folio number for shares held in 
physical form. The .pdf file contains your ‘User ID’ and your ‘initial 
password’.  
 
(ii) If your email ID is not registered, please follow steps mentioned below 
in process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered  
 
6.  If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “Initial password” or have 
forgotten your password: 
 
a)  Click on “Forgot User Details/Password?”(If you are holding shares in your 
demat account with NSDL or CDSL) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
 
b)  Physical User Reset Password?” (If you are holding shares in physical mode) 
option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
 
c) If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can send 
a request at evoting@nsdl.com mentioning your demat account number/folio 
number, your PAN, your name and your registered address etc. 
d) Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting the 
votes on the e-V oting system of NSDL. 
 
7. After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting 
on the check box. 
8. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button. 
9. After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e-V oting will open. 
[page 12]
 
11 | P a g e 
 
 
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system. 
 
How to cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system? 
 
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” in 
which you are holding shares and whose voting cycle. 
2. Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast your vote during the remote e-
V oting period (EVEN of the Company for this Postal Ballot is 139598) 
3. Now you are ready for e-V oting as the V oting page opens. 
4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify the 
number of shares for which you wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also 
“Confirm” when prompted. 
5. Upon confirmation, the message “V ote cast successfully” will be displayed.  
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print option 
on the confirmation page. 
7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your 
vote. 
General Guidelines for shareholders 
 
1. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to 
send scanned copy (PDF/JPG Format) of the relevant Board Resolution/ Authority 
letter etc. with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who 
are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to deepakksadhu@gmail.com with 
a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.com. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than 
individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board Resolution / Power of Attorney 
/ Authority Letter etc. by clicking on "Upload Board Resolution / Authority Letter" 
displayed under "e-Voting" tab in their login. 
 
2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take 
utmost care to keep your password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be 
disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In such an 
event, you will need to go through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical 
User Reset Password?” option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the 
password. 
 
3. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for 
Shareholders and e-voting user manual for Shareholders available at the download 
section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on: 022 - 4886 7000 or send a request to 
(Name of NSDL Official) at evoting@nsdl.com. 
 
Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories for 
procuring user id and password and registration of e mail ids for e-voting for the 
resolutions set out in this notice: 
 
1. In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name of 
shareholder, scanned copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN (self attested 
scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) 
by email to cs@trualtbioenergy.com 
 
[page 13]
 
12 | P a g e 
 
2. In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID 
+ CLID or 16 digit beneficiary ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated 
Account statement, PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self 
attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to cs@trualtbioenergy.com. If you are an 
Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode, you are requested to refer 
to the login method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for e-Voting for 
Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode. 
 
3. Alternatively shareholder/members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.com for 
procuring user id and password for e-voting by providing above mentioned 
documents. 
 
4. In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-V oting facility provided by 
Listed Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are 
allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories and 
Depository Participants. Shareholders are required to update their mobile number 
and email ID correctly in their demat account in order to access e-V oting facility. 
 
By Order of the Board of 
Trualt Bioenergy Limited  
 
 
Sd/- 
Monu Kumar 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
M. No. A38853 
 
Date: 22/05/2026 
Bangalore, Karnataka 
 
Registered Office: 
Survey No. 166, Mudhol Road, Kulali, Cross, Jamkhandi, Bagalkot, Karnataka, 587313 
CIN: L15400KA2021PLC145978 
Website: www.trualtbioenergy.com  
E-mail:  contact@trualtbioenergy.com 
Tel.: 080 23255000 
  
[page 14]
 
13 | P a g e 
 
 
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT UNDER SECTION 102(1) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 
(As required by Section 102 of the Act, the following explanatory statement sets out material facts 
relating to the businesses mentioned under Resolution of the accompanying Notice) 
Item No. 1: 
To approve Material Related Party Transaction(s) to be entered into with Nirani Sugars Limited 
for the Financial Year 2026-27. 
 
The provisions of Regulation 23 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“the Listing Regulations”), as amended from time to 
time, mandates prior approval of members by means of an ordinary resolution for all material related 
party transactions and subsequent material modifications as defined by the Audit Committee, even if 
such transactions are in the ordinary course of business and at an arm’s length basis.  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 23 of the Listing Regulations, a transaction with a related party is considered 
material if the transaction(s) to be entered into individually or taken together with previous transactions 
during a financial year, exceed(s) 10% of the annual consolidated turnover of the Company as per the 
last audited financial statements of the Company provided the annual consolidated turnover of the 
Company is up to Rs. 20,000 Crore. The annual consolidated turnover of the Company for the financial 
year 2025-26 was Rs. 1,727.51 Crores. Accordingly, the Company is required to comply with 
Regulation 23 of the Listing Regulations with respect to material related party transactions proposed to 
be undertaken during financial year 2026-27. 
 
Further, SEBI vide its circular dated June 26, 2025 has introduced the revised Industry Standards on 
“Minimum information to be provided for review of the Audit Committee and Shareholders for 
approval of a related party transaction” (‘Standards’) to facilitate uniform approach and assist listed 
companies in complying with the provisions of Regulation 23 of the Listing Regulations read with the 
SEBI Master Circular dated November 11, 2024 (‘SEBI Circular’). The Industry Standards were further 
amended by SEBI vide its Circular dated October 13, 2025. 
 
The Company is engaged in the business of manufacturing ethanol and bioenergy products, wherein 
continuous and uninterrupted availability of quality feedstock and allied raw materials is of paramount 
importance for sustaining operations, maintaining optimum plant utilization and achieving operational 
efficiencies. The ethanol industry is highly dependent upon timely procurement of feedstock such as 
sugar syrup, molasses, maize and other agro-based inputs, availability of which is often subject to 
seasonal factors, government policies, market dynamics and supply-chain constraints. 
 
In this regard, Nirani Sugars Limited (“NSL”), being an integrated and established sugar manufacturing 
Company with significant operational scale, infrastructure and long-standing experience in the sector, 
plays a strategically important role in ensuring seamless and reliable supply of feedstock and related 
materials to the Company. The business association with NSL enables the Company to secure 
uninterrupted supply of critical raw materials, optimize logistics and transportation costs, ensure timely 
execution of customer commitments and maintain operational continuity across its manufacturing 
facilities. 
 
Further, the proximity of operations, established commercial understanding and integrated business 
ecosystem between each of the Companies, result in substantial operational synergies, improved supply-
chain efficiency and better working capital management, which are ultimately beneficial to the 
Company and its stakeholders. The proposed transactions are therefore commercially prudent, 
operationally essential and aligned with the business interests and growth objectives of the Company. 
 
The Company also undertakes sale of finished goods, by-products and other operational transactions 
with NSL from time to time, based on business requirements and market opportunities, thereby creating 
mutual operational efficiencies and value optimization. 
 
[page 15]
 
14 | P a g e 
 
 
 
 
 
The Company has a continuing arrangement with NSL for recurring transactions relating to purchase 
and sale of goods and other business transactions undertaken in the ordinary course of business. 
Considering the expected scale of operations and business requirements for FY 2026-27, the aggregate 
value of the Related Party Transactions proposed to be entered into with NSL is expected to be up to 
an amount not exceeding ₹2,500 Crores. 
 
Since the aggregate value of the proposed transaction(s) is likely to exceed the materiality threshold 
prescribed under Regulation 23 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), approval of the Members is being sought by way of 
an Ordinary Resolution. 
 
All the proposed transactions with NSL shall be undertaken in the ordinary course of business of the 
Company, on an arm’s length basis, on commercially competitive terms and in compliance with the 
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI Listing Regulations. 
 
The Management of the Company has provided the Audit Committee with the relevant details (as 
required under the Standards) about the proposed RPTs including rationale, material terms, justification 
as to why the proposed RPT(s) are in the interest of the Company and the basis of pricing. The Audit 
Committee has reviewed and taken note of the certificate placed before it by the Managing Director and 
Chief Financial Officer of the Company, confirming that the terms of the proposed RPT(s) are not 
prejudicial or unfavorable for the Company. The Members are requested to note that the proposed 
transactions are in the interest of the Company. Further the justification pertaining to each transaction 
is separately provided in the table below in the explanatory statement. 
 
Details of the proposed RPTs between the Company and NSL, including the information required to be 
disclosed in the Explanatory Statement pursuant to the SEBI Master Circular dated January 30, 2026, 
read with SEBI circular dated June 26, 2025, are as follows: 
Annexure-1 
Minimum information provided/to be provided to the Audit Committee and shareholder for 
approval of Related Party Transactions as per RPT Industry Standards: 
(1) Basic details of the related party 
S. No. Particular of the information Information provided by the 
management 
1. Name of the Related Party Nirani Sugars Limited 
2. Country of incorporation of the related 
party 
India 
3. Nature of business of the related party Manufacturing of Sugar and Allied 
Products  
 
(2) Relationship and ownership of the related party 
 
S. No. Particulars of the information Information provided by the 
management 
1. Relationship between the listed 
entity/subsidiary (in case of transaction 
involving the subsidiary) and the related 
party - including nature of its concern 
(financial or otherwise) and the following: 
 
Nirani Sugars Limited (Formerly MRN 
Chamundi Canepower and 
Biorefineries Limited) is related party 
under Section 2(76)(iv) of the 
Companies Act, 2013, being a 
Company in which a Director along 
[page 16]
 
15 | P a g e 
 
 
 
• Shareholding of the listed entity/ 
subsidiary (in case of transaction 
involving the subsidiary), whether 
direct or indirect, in the related party. 
• Where the related party is a partnership 
firm or a sole proprietorship concern or 
a body corporate without share capital, 
then capital contribution, if any, made 
by the listed entity/ subsidiary (in case 
of transaction involving the 
subsidiary). 
• Shareholding of the related party, 
whether direct or indirect, in the listed 
entity/ subsidiary (in case of 
transaction involving the subsidiary). 
Explanation: Indirect shareholding shall 
mean shareholding held through any person, 
over which the listed entity/Subsidiary/ 
related party has control. 
While calculating indirect shareholding, 
shareholding held by relatives shall also be 
considered. 
with its relative holds more than two 
per cent of its total voting power. 
 
Nil 
 
 
 
NA 
 
 
 
 
 
NA* 
 
* Mr. Vijaykumar Murugesh Nirani, Mr. Vishal Nirani and Mrs. Sushmitha Nirani, Directors of the Company, are also 
shareholders of Nirani Sugars Limited (“NSL”) and collectively hold 7.65% equity shares in NSL and 52.75% equity shares 
in the Company. Further, along with their relatives and related entities, they collectively hold 97.72% equity shares in NSL 
and 70.55% equity shares in the Company. However, it is clarified that NSL does not hold any equity shares in the Company 
directly. Accordingly, the aforesaid Directors may be deemed to be concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the 
proposed resolution to the extent of their shareholding and directorship in the respective entities. 
 
(3) Details of previous transactions with the related party 
 
S. No. Particulars of the information Information provided by the 
management 
1. Total amount of all the transactions 
undertaken by the listed entity or subsidiary 
with the related party during the last 
financial year.  
Explanation: Details need to be disclosed 
separately for listed entity and its subsidiary 
S. 
No. 
Nature of 
Transaction 
FY 2025-
26 
(Amount 
in 
Lakhs) 
1. Purchase of 
raw materials 
such as 
bagasse, 
syrup/clear 
juice, B 
Molasses, C 
Molasses and 
Steam  
87,317.92 
2. Sales of by 
products such 
as steam, 
diesel and 
10,195.11 
[page 17]
 
16 | P a g e 
 
chemicals 
3. Rental 
Expenses 
37.23 
 
2. Total amount of all the transactions 
undertaken by the listed entity or subsidiary 
with the related party in the current financial 
year up to the quarter (April 25 - March 26) 
immediately preceding the quarter in which 
the approval is sought. 
 
Same as above 
3. Any default, if any, made by a related party 
concerning any obligation undertaken by it 
under a transaction or arrangement entered 
into with the listed entity or its subsidiary 
during the last financial year. 
Nil 
 
(4) Amount of proposed transaction(s) 
 
S. No. Particulars of the information Information provided by the 
management 
1. Amount of the proposed transactions being 
placed for approval in the meeting of the 
Audit Committee/shareholders. 
Upto Rs. 2,500 crores  
2. Whether the proposed transactions taken 
together with the transactions undertaken 
with the related party during the current 
financial year would render the proposed 
transaction a material RPT? 
Yes 
3. Value of the proposed transactions as a 
percentage of the listed entity’s annual 
consolidated turnover for the immediately 
preceding financial year 
144.71% 
 
4. Value of the proposed transactions as a 
percentage of subsidiary’s annual 
standalone turnover for the immediately 
preceding financial year (in case of a 
transaction involving the subsidiary and 
where the listed entity is not a party to the 
transaction) 
NA 
5. Value of the proposed transactions as a 
percentage of the related party’s annual 
consolidated turnover (if consolidated 
turnover is not available, calculation to be 
made on standalone turnover of related 
party) for the immediately preceding 
financial year, if available. 
82.44%* 
 
 
 
6. Financial performance of the related party 
for the immediately preceding financial 
year:  
Explanations: The above information is to 
be given on standalone basis. If standalone 
is not available, provide on consolidated 
Particulars Amount (in 
Crore)* 
Turnover 
(Standalone) 
3,032.31 
Profit after Tax 26.67 
[page 18]
 
17 | P a g e 
 
basis. (Standalone) 
Net-worth 
(Standalone) 
1,533.85 
 
* Based on the audited figures of FY 2024-25. The audited Figures for FY 2025-26 is not available with the Company. 
(5): Basic details of the proposed transaction 
 
S. No. Particulars of the information Information provided by the 
management 
1 Specific type of the proposed transaction 
(e.g. sale of goods/services, purchase of 
goods/services, giving loan, borrowing etc.) 
Purchase of Raw Materials- up to Rs. 
2,000 Crores 
 
Sale of Goods/material - upto to Rs. 
500 Crores 
2. Details of each type of the proposed 
transaction 
Purchase of Raw Materials/Feedstock 
Such as; 
 Bagasse with moisture 
 Syrup/clear juice 
 Molasses (B Molasses and C 
Molasses) 
 Steam 
Sale of goods/material such as Diesel, 
Chemicals and Steam etc. 
3. Tenure of the proposed transaction (tenure in 
number of years or months to be specified) 
One (1) year 
4. Whether omnibus approval is being sought? Yes 
5. Value of the proposed transaction during a 
financial year. If the proposed transaction 
will be executed over more than one 
financial year, provide estimated break-up 
financial year-wise. 
Upto Rs. 2,500 Crores 
6. Justification as to why the RPTs proposed to 
be entered into are in the interest of the listed 
entity 
The proposed Related Party 
Transactions are in the interest of the 
Company as they ensure uninterrupted 
availability of critical feedstock and 
raw materials required for the 
Company’s ethanol and bioenergy 
operations, thereby supporting 
continuous manufacturing activities 
and optimum capacity utilization 
across its plants. The transactions with 
Nirani Sugars Limited (“NSL”) 
provide operational stability, supply-
chain efficiencies and timely access to 
essential inputs, which are crucial 
considering the seasonal and regulated 
nature of the feedstock market. 
Further, the longstanding business 
relationship and integrated operational 
ecosystem between the Company and 
NSL enable better coordination, 
[page 19]
 
18 | P a g e 
 
efficient logistics management, 
reduction in procurement and 
transportation costs, improved working 
capital management and timely 
execution of business commitments. 
The proposed transactions also 
facilitate efficient sale and movement 
of finished goods and by-products 
based on business requirements and 
market opportunities. 
The Board of Directors and the Audit 
Committee have reviewed the 
commercial rationale of the proposed 
transactions and are of the opinion that 
the said transactions are operationally 
necessary, commercially beneficial 
and in the best interests of the 
Company and its stakeholders. All the 
proposed transactions shall be 
undertaken in the ordinary course of 
business and on an arm’s length basis. 
7. Details of the promoter(s)/ director(s) / key 
managerial personnel of the listed entity who 
have interest in the transaction, whether 
directly or indirectly.  
Explanation: Indirect interest shall mean 
interest held through any person over which 
an individual has control. 
Mr. Vijaykumar Murugesh Nirani, 
Managing Director, Mr. Vishal Nirani, 
Director and Ms. Sushmita 
Vijaykumar Nirani, Director 
 a. Name of the director / KMP Mr. Vijaykumar Murugesh Nirani, 
Managing Director, Mr. Vishal Nirani, 
Director and Ms. Sushmita 
Vijaykumar Nirani, Director 
 b. Shareholding of the director / KMP, 
whether direct or indirect, in the related 
party 
Collectively 7.65% equity shares in 
NSL and with their relatives and 
related entities collective holding is 
97.72%. 
8. A copy of the valuation or other external 
party report, if any, shall be placed before 
the Audit Committee. 
A benchmarking / arm’s length pricing 
report obtained from M/s. B B S R & 
Associates LLP, an independent 
external agency, justifying that the 
pricing and terms of the proposed 
Related Party Transactions are at arm’s 
length basis, was placed before the 
Audit Committee for its review and 
consideration. 
9. Other information relevant for decision 
making. 
NA 
Part B: Additional Information 
B(1) Disclosure only in case of transactions relating to sale, purchase or supply of goods or services 
or any other similar business transaction and trade advances 
S. No. Particulars of the information Information provided by the 
management 
1 Bidding or other process, if any, applied for NA 
[page 20]
 
19 | P a g e 
 
choosing a party for sale, purchase or supply 
of goods or services 
2 Basis of determination of price  Purchase of Raw Material; 
a) Feedstock: Syrup, B 
Molasses, C Molasses and 
clear juice 
The pricing is determined through a 
mutually agreed formula linked to the 
FRP / sugarcane price notified by the 
Government of India and prevailing 
market dynamics. 
b) Steam; 
The price of steam is determined on the 
basis of cost of generation, including 
fuel cost, operational and conversion 
cost, efficiency parameters of the 
boiler / cogeneration plant and 
prevailing industry practices, on 
mutually agreed arm’s length basis. 
c) Bagasse 
The pricing of bagasse is determined 
based on a mutually agreed formula 
linked to the Fair and Remunerative 
Price (FRP) / sugarcane price notified 
by the Government of India and other 
prevailing market factors. 
Sale of Goods; 
a) Chemicals:  
The pricing of chemicals shall be 
determined based on prevailing market 
prices, procurement cost, third-party 
quotations, quality specifications and 
other commercially accepted pricing 
parameters, on an arm’s length basis. 
b) Steam; 
The pricing of steam shall be 
determined based on the cost of 
generation, including fuel cost, 
operational and conversion costs, 
boiler efficiency, calorific value and 
prevailing industry practices, on 
mutually agreed arm’s length basis. 
c) Diesel  
The pricing of diesel is based on 
prevailing market prices of OMCs and 
profit margin. 
 
Further, The Company obtains a 
benchmarking / arm’s length pricing 
report from M/s. B B S R & Associates 
LLP, an independent external agency, 
confirming that the pricing 
[page 21]
 
20 | P a g e 
 
methodology and terms of the 
proposed transactions are at arm’s 
length and in the ordinary course of 
business. 
3 In case of trade advances ( of upto 365 days 
or such period for which such advances are 
extended to the related party in relation to 
the transaction, specify the following 
 
 
NA 
  a. Amount of Trade Advances 
 b. Tenue  
 c. Whether same is self-liquidating 
Notes: Minimum information as per Industry Standard Framework (ISF) have been provided based on latest 
audited financials as at March 31, 2026 except stated otherwise. 
Members may note that in terms of the provisions of the Listing Regulations, the related parties as 
defined thereunder (whether such related party(ies) are a party to the aforesaid transactions or not), shall 
not vote to approve Resolution under Item No. 1  
Based on the consideration and approval of the Audit Committee, the Board of Directors approved and 
recommends the Ordinary Resolutions forming part of Item No. 1of the accompanying Notice for the 
approval of the Members. 
Except as mentioned above, none of the Directors and KMPs of the Company and/or their respective 
relatives are, in any way, concerned or interested either directly or indirectly, financially or otherwise 
in the Resolution set out at Item No. 1 of the accompanying Notice. 
 
By Order of the Board of 
Trualt Bioenergy Limited  
 
 
Sd/- 
Monu Kumar 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
M. No.: A38853 
 
Date: 22/05/2026 
Place: Bangalore  
 
 
Registered Office: 
Survey No. 166, Mudhol Road, Kulali, Cross, Jamkhandi, Bagalkot, Karnataka, 587313 
CIN: L15400KA2021PLC145978 
Website: www.trualtbioenergy.com  
E-mail:  contact@trualtbioenergy.com 
Tel.: 080 23255000 
 