[page 1]
 
 
June 04, 2026 
 
Sub.: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on Friday, May 29, 2026. 
Dear Sir / Madam,  
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 as amended , please find enclosed herewith the transcript of 
the Earnings Conference Call held on Friday, May 29, 202 6, with respect to Audited Financial Results for 
the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2026.   
 
The transcript has also been uploaded on the website of the Company and can be accessed at:  
 
Kissht Q4FY26 Transcript  
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking You, 
For OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited 
(formerly known as OnEMI Technology Solutions Private Limited) 
 
 
____________________________ 
Shraddha Rajkumar Patangia   
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer        
Membership No.: A55210  
 
 
 Encl: As above  
To 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code - 544754 
To 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol - KISSHT  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[page 2]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited (Kissht) 
Q4 FY26 & FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
May 29, 2026 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual and grammatical errors. In case of discrepancy, the recordings 
uploaded on the stock exchanges and company website on May 29, 2026 will prevail. 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RANVIR SINGH – CHAIRMAN, DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. KRISHNAN VISHWANATHAN - DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. CHIRAG JAIN - HEAD OF STRATEGY & INVESTOR 
RELATIONS 
MS. NEHA SHIVRAN - CHIEF DATA & ANALYTICS OFFICER 
 
 

[page 3]
 OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited 
May 29, 2026                                                          
 Page 2 of 22 
Moderator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Earnings Conference Call  of 
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited  (Kissht) to discuss the Company's Financial 
Performance for Q4 FY26 and FY26. 
Please note that all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode during the 
management discussion. There will be an opportunity for questions and answers after 
the management's opening remarks. Participants may also share their questions 
through the Q&A chat box during the call. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Chirag Jain  - Head of Strategy 
and Investor Relations at Kissht. Thank you and over to you. 
Chirag Jain: Hey, thanks Michelle and good morning everyone. Really glad to have you all with us 
today as we talk through our Q4 and full year FY26 performance. This is actually our 
first Earnings Call since listing, so it's a milestone moment for us and we’re genuinely 
excited to start engaging with the broader investor community.  
We hope you ’ve had the opportunity to go through our Earnings Presentation  and 
Press Release , both of which are available on our w ebsite and with the Stock 
Exchanges. We have also uploaded an excel KPI sheet on our website for your easy 
reference. 
On the call today we have Mr. Ranvir Singh - Founder, MD and CEO, Mr. Krishnan 
Vishwanathan - Founder, Director and CFO and Neha Shivran  - Chief Data and 
Analytics Officer. 
With that I invite Ranvir to share his perspective on the business and our performance 
during the period, following which we will take a Q&A. Over to you Ranvir. 
Ranvir Singh: Thank you Chirag. Good morning, everyone. And as many of you know , we operate 
under the brand name Kissht and today is the first time we address our shareholders 
as a listed company. Having achieved this scale and completed our listing is in many 
ways a testament to the proposition we have built for our customers.  
We are a digital lending company , offering a convenient and dignified borrowing  
experience - one where a customer can avail a loan in as little as 5 to 10 minutes , 
entirely through a 100% digital process. This is made possible by AI and ML models 
[page 4]
 OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited 
May 29, 2026                                                          
 Page 3 of 22 
refined and tested over several years, trained on the behavior of over 60 million 
registered users, and a relentless focus on collections.  
We operate PAN India, while 81% of our borrowers come from the top 100 cities .  
Nearly half our portfolio is salaried customers, mostly young people with average age 
of 32 years. Our average CIBIL score of our customers stands at 746. We have served 
over 11.76 million unique customers till date. The loan that we offer, almost 45% of 
the loans are taken for business purposes, 30% for consumption, 15% for emergency 
purposes, while 10% for other purposes. 
The global environment has been one of the defining themes of the recent past  - 
higher oil prices, elevated rates, geopolitical disruptions, currency volatility, these are 
all the factors weighing on India too. And in such an environment, we believe 
discipline, adaptability, and risk adjustment matter far more than the speed of 
growth. And at this stage, we believe, Prudence ceases to be a conservative instinct -  
it becomes a genuine competitive advantage.  
Economic cycles rarely announce themselves dramatically, they reveal themselves 
quietly through small distortions, changing repayment behavior, pockets of stress, 
and subtle shifts that initially appear isolated. The right response here is not merely 
to slow down, but to sharpen underwri ting, recalibrate faster, and stay ahead as far 
as predicting risk is concerned. 
And against this backdrop, our FY26 performance r eflects the strength of the 
institution we have been consciously building - strong and balanced growth despite a 
difficult operating environment. A UM grew 73% year -on-year and 19% quarter -on-
quarter to ₹ 7,066 crore. PAT for the quarter grew 52% year-on-year and 7% quarter-
on-quarter. For FY26, total income reached ₹ 2,209 crore, up 63% year-on-year. Pre-
provisioning operating profit grew 54% to ₹ 836 crore, and PAT grew 75% year -on-
year to ₹ 281 crore. We delivered a return on average assets of 5% and return on 
average equity of 24%. 
More importantly, this growth came alongside  improving asset quality. G NPA 
reduced from 2.89% to 2.12%, a year -on-year improvement of 77 basis points. 
Collection efficiency remained above 97%. Net NPA was contained at 0.29%. And this, 
in our view, perhaps is the most salient part of our performance in FY26. As you may 
know, growth in lending, by itself, proves very little. What gives us confidence is not 
merely the pace of expansion, but the quality of the book being built underneath it.  
[page 5]
 OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited 
May 29, 2026                                                          
 Page 4 of 22 
Indian credit behavior remains extraordinarily heterogeneous. Repayment patterns 
shift across geographies, occupations, local economies, employment cycles, and 
sometimes even neighborhood-level stress signals. Hundreds of behavioral and 
economic variables interact simultaneously  and in ways that defy conventional 
wisdom. This is why we place disproportionate emphasis on model recalibration, 
early warning indicators, and granular data intelligence.  
Today, our underwriting stack incorporates over 7,000 variables, which includes 
bureau, banking flows, device intelligence, transactions, and alternate data. And over 
the years, it has evolved from being a simple decision -tree model to gradient -
boosting model, which is a machine learning technique to transformer -based AI 
models, reaching an AUC of 74% on our latest model, up from 66% in 20 23. AUC is 
area under the curve. To put this simply, AUC measures how well a model separates 
good borrowers from bad ones - the higher the number, the sharper the separation.  
Our models provide approximately 2.5 times more risk separation than traditional 
bureau-only approaches. In fact, in our investor presentation page no. 23 and 24 
elaborates this point with detailed evidence around it. The objective is not merely to 
identify stress after delinquency emerges - it is to detect behavioral deterioration 
before it surfaces in the number.  For instance, the new customers acquired in FY26 
are at FOIR. FOIR stands for ‘Fixed Obligation Income Ratio’ of 30% - down from 34% 
the previous year. That 4% improvement means these borrowers are carrying less 
financial burden related to their disposable income. 
As a measure of prudence, we reduced disbursement s by approximately 7% and 
paused lending across approximately 450 pin codes, where early -warning systems 
flagged elevated risks - while continuing to grow in high-quality segments. This is not 
a reactive measure - it is part of a regular , systematic exercise we run to ensure we 
remain ahead on risk. We would rather carry prudence slightly early than discover 
optimism slightly late. 
The first EMI T90, has improved significantly from 1.5% to 0.7% in FY26. Even the 
April-May performance continues to remain strong on bounces and collection 
efficiency.  
One critical pillar for us is Collections - It cannot be viewed merely as a recovery 
function, because underwriting alone does not determine portfolio quality. 
Collections matter just as much. 
[page 6]
 OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited 
May 29, 2026                                                          
 Page 5 of 22 
Today, we have over 7,000 field agents and 1,000 + tele-callers, more than 95% 
collections remain in-house, covering 17,000+ pin codes with swift field intervention 
from as early as 5 DPD. On tele-calling, AI voice agents in early-bucket tele-collections 
are at over 70% of human recovery efficiency. The scale of operation is only possible 
through our proprietary Automated Collection System. 
We believe early detection and local in -person connect is what separates a resilient 
portfolio from a fragile one. Every day of delay in identifying stress may compound 
the problem. That is why we have invested continuously in institutionalized 
collections - which basically means defined processes, swift actions, measurable 
outcomes, and zero dependence on individual judgment. 
Our portfolio metrics bear this out. Collection efficiency has remained consistently 
stable, closing FY26 at 97.01% on a DPD-30 basis, and improving to 97.15% in Q4,  
As I mentioned before, G ross NPA has seen a significant reduction.  Further, our 
bounce rate remains strong at 13.1% and stable across the year, while even April and 
May remain steady. Equally encouraging is the movement in our Stage-2 book, which 
reduced from 3.5% to 2.4%. Similarly, Stage-3, from 2.9% to 2.1%. These are not 
statistical aberrations - they reflect portfolio movement, improvement driven by 
better borrower selection, tighter geography management, and disciplined 
collections. 
Further, we have followed a high degree of conservatism in our provisioning 
philosophy too. As of March 2026, our Stage-3 ECL coverage stands at 86.2%. Stage -
2 ECL coverage improved sharply from 59.2% in March 2025 to 75.6% in March 2026. 
We have a total PCR of 86%.  In addition, w e carry a management overlay of ₹ 136 
crore, maintained as a buffer against unforeseen stress.  
As far as customer acquisition goes, we have built highly diversified acquisition 
channels. Despite being a fintech, our reliance on digital marketing remains limited, 
contributing less than 50% of overall customer acquisition.  There are other channels 
which contribute almost 55% of the customer acquisition, which includes our 
partnership with merchants, e -commerce platforms, aggregators, and a growing 
organic channel. Organic share in our acquisition is as high as 30% and growing 
steadily. The association with Sachin Tendulkar has accelerated brand trust, 
particularly in the mass -market and mass -affluent segments, where his trust equity 
runs deepest. 
[page 7]
 OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited 
May 29, 2026                                                          
 Page 6 of 22 
Talking about technology and AI, I should say, Kissht is a technology company that 
does lending - not the other way around, a lending company that uses technology. All 
core systems are built in -house, with AI embedded across underwriting, fraud 
detection, collections, servicing, portfolio surveillance, software development, and so 
on and so forth. 
In a business generating millions of behavioral signals daily, AI functions more as a 
precise filter - continuously isolating weak signals from statistical noise and directing 
institutional attention where it actually belongs. For example, as far as AI in 
underwriting and fraud management go, we have deployed transformer sequence 
models, multi -agent fraud intelligence, and a GenAI-augmented feature store that 
now monitors over 7,000 features for causal drift. Our multi -agent fraud system 
orchestrates over 5 0 fraud triggers and covers deep fakes, document forgery, text 
analysis, multivariate anomaly detection, and network fraud. 
Across the organization, measurable productivity improvements are already visible. 
AI-assisted customer support now delivers 100% call -quality coverage, an d average 
response time from 200 seconds to under 90 seconds. More than 80% of our internal 
code is now written with AI -assistance. Further, in LAP ‘Loan Against Property’ 
business, AI-powered smart document processing has improved FTR (First Time Right) 
rates by over 30%, while credit queries down by 50%.  
Talking about our secured business, we started Loan Against Property around 2 years 
back, not simply because diversification is strategically sound, but because we 
wanted to serve our customers in a wholesome manner. More than 40% of our LAP 
customers come from our existing  Kissht customer base , an organic demand from 
people who already trust us. 
This further helps us in our branch economics also. L AP AUM stands at nearly ₹ 518 
crore, across 98 branches in 8 states, contributing 7.3% of total A UM. Fully 
technology-enabled, model -based underwriting, branch -led fulfillment, smart 
document processing, AI -validated property valuation.  It's not the standard p lain 
vanilla that we are trying to build as far as LAP business is concerned.  
On the liability side, we maintain a balanced and diversified funding structure, almost 
50% on-book and 50% off-book. On-book AUM stands at ₹ 3,556 crore, supported by 
45+ lending partners, where cost of borrowing has been between 11.5% and 14.25%. 
[page 8]
 OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited 
May 29, 2026                                                          
 Page 7 of 22 
With our recent A - credit rating in February 2026, we expect funding costs to ease 
meaningfully over the coming quarters. Off-book AUM stands at ₹ 3,510 crore, where 
we provide FLDG up to 5%, which is the First Loss Default Guarantee. In our NBFC, 
which is a 100% subsidiary of OnEMI Technologies, Capital adequacy remains 
comfortable at 25.3%. Net worth has grown to ₹ 1,343 crore - 2.4x increase over 3 
years, almost entirely through retained earnings and organic profitability. This will be 
further bolstered by the  ₹ 850 crore IPO proceeds being deployed 75% towards on -
book capital and 25% towards technology and AI infrastructure. 
Before I speak of our listing milestone, I want to address our margin trajectory 
because it tells an important story. Our total income yield as a percentage of A UM 
has moderated, and this is a deliberate and conscious strategy. As we pursue higher -
quality borrower segments and pass on the benefits of operating leverage and lower 
funding costs to customers, our near-term yield compression is expected. 
But the payoff is visible  - our impairment cost as a percentage of average A UM has 
fallen from 9.7% in FY25 to 8.2% in FY26  and in Q4 alone, it stood at 7%. Lower 
impairment for better credit selection - this is exactly what we are managing towards. 
Profitability, in our view, is more durable when it comes from quality, not volume.  
FY26 marked our first year as a listing company  - we listed on NSE & BSE on 8 th May 
this year , oversubscribed across all categories.  As much as getting listed is an 
inflection point in the journey of any company, we also believe listing sharpens an 
institution. It demands the highest standards of transparency, consistency, and 
governance. And public markets have a way of rewarding what we have always  
believed in: that the best way to deliver the short term is to never  compromise the 
long term. 
As we look ahead to FY27, we remain optimistic about India's long -term structural 
credit opportunity. Many reasons for that, not only economic growth that the country 
will see, but also the huge degree of credit under penetration which exists, while at 
the same time being realistic and cautious about near-term conditions. 
Talking about future guidance on growth: 
We expect to grow at north of 40% in AUM, with disciplined asset quality and 
calibrated risk selection, while secured business scale -up is also expected to be 
strong. 
[page 9]
 OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited 
May 29, 2026                                                          
 Page 8 of 22 
On asset quality, we are targeting gross NPA below 2.25%, year -on-year reduction in 
impairment costs of 10%-15%, and continued improvement in Stage-1 mix. 
On profitability, we are targeting a return on average AUM in the range of 4.5 %-5%, 
which entails a return on average equity in the range of 19-21%.  
In conclusion, I would say we are not building for the next quarter, rather , we are 
building for the next decade  - with sharper judgments, stronger governance, deeper 
technology, and a balance sheet designed to compound through cycles, not merely 
benefit from favorable ones. 
Every great lending franchise is ultimately defined not by its best years, but by how it 
behaves in difficult ones. We intend to be the kind of institution that customers trust 
more when times are hard , and that investors respect more when the markets are 
demanding. That is the standard we are holding ourselves to. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much sir, I hope you’re ready to take questions now. Participants 
who wish to ask questions can do so by pressing the raise hand icon on the bottom 
of your screen and wait for your turn to speak when prompted.  You can accept the 
prompt on your screen, unmute your audio and ask questions. Participants who 
wish to ask questions via chat can click on the Q&A icon at bottom of your screen 
and post your questions, requesting the participants to introduce themselves and 
their institution name and then proceed with the question. 
 
We will take the first text question from Prithviraj and the question is on rating 
trajectory. You are currently at A/stable with the post IPO tier 1 uplift demonstrated 
profitability. What's your engagement with rating agencies on a potential upgrade 
and how much could a one-notch upgrade reduce your cost of borrowings? 
Krishnan Vishwanathan: Hi, this is Krishnan here. Good to meet all of you. So, from the rating standpoint, Crisil 
rated us A- in February of this year. India Ratings rated us A- in November of last year. 
There is a constant engagement which is going on. The constant engagement with 
both these institutions not only talks about the continual improvement on risk that 
Ranvir spoke of, but of course the improved balance sheet strength that we have now 
after the IPO. 
[page 10]
 OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited 
May 29, 2026                                                          
 Page 9 of 22 
We are cautiously optimistic on getting another upgrade from both of these 
institutions at some point in FY27, but that is an active discussion that will happen 
with the course of next 6 to 8 months. Irrespective of that, the rating upgrade from 
Crisil that has already happened in February, we are already seeing a 200 bps 
improvement in the marginal cost of borrowing since that point in time and which we 
are certain will sustain for following year . And of course, if we are able to get one 
more upgrade, we can possibly see later part of FY27, but more so in the year FY28, 
a further 100 to 150 basis point reduction in cost of borrowing. 
Moderator: Thank you sir, for answering. Sir, Mr. Prithviraj Patil is available on audio. I would 
request you to kindly unmute yourself and proceed with your further questions. 
Prithviraj Patil: Hi, thanks for the opportunity. So, my second question was on the AUM mix. So, right 
now our secured AUM is around 7% of the total AUM. So, I just wanted to know what 
is the target for the next couple of years that we expect and how will ROA flow 
through given that we are increasing the secured mix? Thanks. 
Ranvir Singh: Yes. So, as we mentioned in the initial remark, even the secured mix we are expecting 
to increase, the scale -up will happen. The overall growth, both secured and 
unsecured put together will be 40% o dd. Despite the fact that secured is at a lesser 
ROA, the ROA guidance that we have given of 4.5% is for the overall book. Over time, 
we believe secured business will deliver almost the same 19% to 21% ROE for us as 
well. 
Prithviraj Patil: Okay. Thank you. And just if I can ask one more question, I just wanted clarity on one 
press release that came out about a whole new subsidiary that we have infused 
capital in. So, just on that. Yes. 
Ranvir Singh: Yeah so, this is regarding as part of our RSP also we have stated one of the cardinal 
principles of our strategy is to continue to expand lending and non -lending offering. 
When I say non -lending offering, it includes insurance and mutual fund distribution 
because our customers are demanding it; there is a huge opportunity out there. Now, 
it so happens if you have to distribute mutual fund, it is best done via separate entity 
and that is why we have created this fully -owned subsidiary for selling mutual fund 
and other wealth products primarily.  
Prithviraj Patil:                    Okay. Thank you. 
[page 11]
 OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited 
May 29, 2026                                                          
 Page 10 of 22 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from Kevan Faria. Please mention your 
organization's name and proceed with your question, sir.  I have unmuted your line. 
Please proceed with your questions. 
Kevan Faria: Hello, sir. Congratulations on a good set of numbers. My first question was regarding 
your AUM.  Sorry, sir. To introduce myself, I am an individual investor in your 
company. My first question was regarding your AUM acceleration.  So, your AUM 
grew by 19% QoQ. My question was what is driving this and is this momentum visible 
in your April to May organization's run rate? 
Ranvir Singh: The short answer to your second question is Yes, the same momentum is visible. The 
part which is driving this growth is a relentless focus on ensuring we are able to target 
high-quality customers. It basically means going after customers , where we have to 
reduce our rates. So you may have also seen in QoQ we have seen a slight reduction 
in our margin. But that is a very deliberate, conscious, concerted strategy from our 
side to go out and target customers who are high on quality, who we can ta rget as 
we basically offer every better  our offer. More importantly, the other reason which 
has contributed is given the large base of customers that we have  - 11.76 million 
unique customers, 3.5 million are active at any point in time. That does give flexibility 
in terms of targeting the customers who come as repeat customers and they ensure 
that the growth trajectory is only stable. When I say stable, if you look at the historical 
growth in the past, it has always remained upwards of 50% any particular ye ar you 
can pick up. So, that has contributed rather meaningfully to last quarter and 
continues the momentum now too. 
Kevan Faria: Thank you so much, sir.  
My second question was regarding your asset quality and Overlay. So, your GNPA 
improved by 78 basis points QoQ to 2.12% and Stage-2 ECL coverage also stepped 
up sharply to 75.6%. So, my question is that what's really driving the Stage-3 
improvement? 
Ranvir Singh: So, this is the point I made earlier as well. We are committed to reducing our Stage-3 
over time. We have seen a 77-basis point. In our guidance, we have said we will 
further reduce our overall credit cost by 10 to 15% which will keep the Stage-3 again 
very much stable. So, this is primarily around focusing on high quality customers, 
continue to improve on the quality of credit on the back of the huge set of models 
that we have built using data of over 60 million customers and needless to say the 
[page 12]
 OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited 
May 29, 2026                                                          
 Page 11 of 22 
relentless focus on collection that we talked about , have all contributed to keeping  
the GNPA numbers well within lower than what we started. 
Kevan Faria: Thank you so much, sir. That answers all of my questions. All the best for the future.  
Thank you so much, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from Ayush Vaid. Please mention your 
organization's name and proceed. Mr. Vaid please proceed. 
Ayush Vaid: I am Ayush from Neo Asset and Wealth Management. So, my question is, in the LAP 
segment, I could see the LTV at 48%. So, is it a conservative stand that we are taking 
or is it going to increase in the future? 
Ranvir Singh: Yes. We have been conservative when it comes to LTV. We don't expect it to increase 
significantly. It will be range bound in and around 48%. And the reason for that is as 
follows. When we have built the LAP proposition, our proposition is around giving a 
very superior turnaround time.  A large portion of our customers are tier 1 city  
customers, so when we are giving a loan of  ₹ 6 to ₹ 10 lakhs, for example, we are 
talking about property which values between ₹ 12 to almost ₹ 25 lakhs. And what we 
offer to the customer is our ability to underwrite quickly and underwrite to the 
requirement that they are looking for , that becomes our core proposition. Because 
of all the things which I talked about  very tech -enabled processes, you know, the 
credit queries have come down by 50%. It's a process where a whole set of 
technology, you know, enablement that we have done.  So, the proposition is more 
around better turnaround time and a better offer. And when we offer this, the idea 
is not to take too higher a risk as far as LTV is concerned. So, I know these are 
conservative numbers and they will continue to remain conservative in a range of 
manners. 
Ayush Vaid: Okay. Thank you. I have just one more question.  So, regarding the off -book AUM, is 
the 100% of the off-book AUM covered by FLDG or is it only some part of it? 
Ranvir Singh: Almost 100% of the off-book AUM is covered by FLDG.  
Ayush Vaid:                          Okay. Thanks. Thanks for that. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will take the next question from Subh ranshu Mishra. Please mention 
your organization's name and proceed. 
[page 13]
 OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited 
May 29, 2026                                                          
 Page 12 of 22 
Subhranshu Mishra: Right. Hi, Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. This is Subh ranshu from PhillipCapital. Hi 
Ranvir, Hi Krishnan. So, two or three questions. The first one is the, what is the total 
number of monthly NACH that we produce?  How many, essentially, how many 
borrowers are we banking on a monthly basis? And of these, how many borrowers 
already have one personal loan or two personal loans or three personal loans? The 
other part is, when we talk about the FLDG, is it only limited t o 5% or then there are 
lender partners who try to tweak the IRR even if we breach 5%? These would be my 
two questions as of now. Thanks. 
Krishnan Vishwanathan: So, let me address. The first question is on NACH. 100% of our customers are NACH 
covered. So, at any given time, we have our active customer base is 3.5 million. So, 
we have about 3.5 million NACH presentations that happen every month. So, that's 
the answer to your first question.  
The second question on FLDG, no, our exposure to risk is to the extent of the FLDG 
provided. Now, it could be that there are, of course, discussions that happen with 
the lenders on what is technically the expectation they will have in terms of their 
hurdle rate. Now, they may build in some expectation if they are not convinced 
whether the FLDG is covered or not. But from a structural perspective and 
contractual perspective, the risk is capped at 5% and then it's an active negotiation 
on what is it. 
Subhranshu Mishra: Sorry, my second question was how many of our active customers have one personal 
loan, two personal loans, three personal loans already? 
Krishnan Vishwanathan: Sure, So, I don't have a split for each one of the categories. But some 45% of our 
customers will have another personal loan outside of our personal loan. I don't have 
the specific split of one, two or three. 
Subhranshu Mishra: Right. And just one follow up on this particular part. This personal loan would be more 
than our average ticket size. 
Krishnan Vishwanathan: Sorry, the second personal loan you are talking about? 
Subhranshu Mishra: They already would have. So, if I already have a personal loan and I am coming to 
Kissht for a personal loan, my personal loan ticket size is more than what you would 
offer. Is that a fair understanding? 
[page 14]
 OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited 
May 29, 2026                                                          
 Page 13 of 22 
Krishnan Vishwanathan: That's a very, very likely scenario. Because invariably what we have seen is the other 
personal loan is typically taken from a larger institution of a larger ticket size. And so, 
it is typically that it's of a larger ticket size than what we offer.  
Subhranshu Mishra: Right. And if I can just squeeze in one last question, if you allow me. We have also 
pivoted towards a secured asset, which is LAP, while we call ourselves digital lenders. 
So, why this change of heart and move to a pivot towards LAP when we started our 
journey with personal loans? What is changing?  
Ranvir Singh: Yes, let me just take this up . See, as I mentioned in my remark as well, for us, LAP is 
not merely a diversification. But the reason we pursue this is because our customers 
are demanding. When I say our customers are demanding, the large base of customer 
that we have, every year they take a significant amount of LAP, which we are not able 
to cater to. So, the focus has been that we should go beyond just PL and cater to them 
on this product also, which they need. Of course, they need other products as well , 
but we have defined our pecking order . The testament to that is  more than 40% of 
our LAP customers come from our existing  Kissht customer base, which is very, very 
organic demand that we a re getting in. And as you know, this helps in branch 
economics significantly because for that  40%, I don't need to go out and incur a cost 
of customer acquisition.  This is very much in line with our long -term strategy over a 
period of many, many years. We want to expand our lending and non -lending 
product. Not talking about and as part of that, LAP becomes a priority for us. The LAP 
business is branch -led, needless to say. We have 98 branches. But having said that, 
there are processes that one follows in LAP. 
Subhranshu Mishra: Understood. This was very helpful, Ranvir and Krish nan. Look forward to ensuing 
quarters. Best of luck. 
Krishnan Vishwanathan: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will take the next question from Devanshu Dhruv. Please mention your 
organization's name and proceed. 
Devanshu Dhruv: Yes, am I audible . I am from Equirus.  My first question would be that what was the 
reason for increase in OPEX and Q4? Was it primarily due to increasing our operations 
in the LAP segment? And why was the other income lower sequentially in this 
quarter? That's my first question. Then I will go forward with other questions. 
[page 15]
 OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited 
May 29, 2026                                                          
 Page 14 of 22 
Krishnan Vishwanathan: Okay. Let me address the OPEX part of Q4. So, there were largely two drivers of 
increased OPEX in Q4. One, as you rightly mentioned, LAP is a significant driver. LAP 
continues to be a business which has not reached breakeven. And we are still 
probably a year or two away from being at steady state RO A. So, that definitely is a 
drag. And the increased number of branches, of course, puts a load on OPEX. Apart 
from that, there is one other driver. There was a  reasonably large investment we had 
made in the collections team in Q4 , with a specific intent to build on recovery 
collections in FY27. So, it's an investment which basically is a one time. There is 
always, when you grow the team, you have to deploy and train.  And then they are 
basically u sed in subsequent quarters. So, that is the second driver. So, together, 
these two were the key drivers why the OPEX increased in Q4. 
Devanshu Dhruv: So, collection team, basically, I think we have already 7000 people. 
Krishnan Vishwanathan:   Yes 
Devanshu Dhruv:                 So, we increased on the field side or on the tele calling side?  
Krishnan Vishwanathan:    More on the field side.  
Devanshu Dhruv:                 And why you saw the need on that? Any particular reason? 
Krishnan Vishwanathan: Because there is a natural  growth that is going to happen in terms of AUM. There is 
already a projection that will grow at 40% plus as Ranvir had mentioned. But 
moreover, there was an emphasis we wanted to place on NPA recovery & therefore, 
we created a dedicated team specifically for NPA recovery. 
Devanshu Dhruv: Okay. So, my second question would be that what was our yields in this quarter, 
average yields? And one is on the book and one is on the origination.  And where do 
you see the settling? Also, can you give me our yields in the last quarter? And yes, 
that is it. 
Krishnan Vishwanathan: So, our portfolio yield is close to about 30 or 31% in Q4. And you asked about last 
quarter, the last quarter may have been higher by, I would say, 50 to 75 basis points. 
So, there is a trajectory where it is going lower, but that is the answer. Going forward, 
there are basically from a unit economics perspective, we see two immediate benefits 
that play out and one which is always a constant endeavor. The waited benefit is the 
operational leverage and the other is the cost of funds improvement. We believe both 
[page 16]
 OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited 
May 29, 2026                                                          
 Page 15 of 22 
of these will give us a healthy headroom for further reduction in yield over the next 
four quarters. I do not want to give a number, but you would see the trend that you 
saw from Q3 to Q4 is a trend, it will be, I think, very symbolic of the kind of trend you 
may see going forward as well. 
Ranvir Singh: Hey, just to expand on this, because this is a very important element of our strategy. 
I mean, the moderation and margins are substantially linked to a very calibrated shift 
towards high quality customer segments, which of course is priced lower, but they 
also exhibit a very superior long-term credit behavior. This is not incidental, it is a very 
deliberate strategic direction in which we are going.  And just to reiterate the point, 
as we get the benefit of operating leverage, we get the benefit of reduction in cost of 
fund and the reduction in the risk all put together, we want to transmit some of these 
benefits, a large part of it to the customer. And because we are transferring, the 
people who are coming at lesser yield are also bestowing a credit behavior which is 
far, far superior. Basically, to ensure that we see a s teady decline in our credit costs  
as we pursue from here over the years. 
Devanshu Dhruv: Very, very fair, Ranvir. That is quite fair. But just to understand, so our origination 
yield in the April-May months, what would be that? 
Krishnan Vishwanathan: So, it would be probably a few basis points lower than what I had stated for that, 
because I do not have the specific number right now, I do not want to share it.  
Devanshu Dhruv: Where do you see that going? So, Krish nan, I just want to understand, where do you 
see that settling? Obviously, we are passing on the benefit to the customers, but is 
there a number in mind where we think that? 
Krishnan Vishwanathan: Devanshu, the way we see it, we want to be very prudent in terms of managing credit 
quality and delivering an ROA which is in the ballpark of 4.5 to 5%. In terms of where 
we see it settling, you saw from Q3 to Q4 is likely a trajectory that will sustain itself 
for the next four to six quarters. But that said, for us, some of the benefits that come 
from operational leverage or cost of borrowing may be far higher than what we had 
anticipated. So, it could be more accelerated as well. Bu t the way we see it, any  
margin improvement we see on ROA, we want to give it back to the customer, go for 
the higher quality customer and in the long run even benefit from a lower credit cost. 
Devanshu Dhruv: Fair. So, on the spreads, so better question would be the spreads that we have, how 
much, so obviously, we will get the benefit from operating leverage, cost of borrowing 
[page 17]
 OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited 
May 29, 2026                                                          
 Page 16 of 22 
and obviously, we will pass on the yields also. So, what is the average spread that we 
seem to maintain in the near term is my question. 
Krishnan Vishwanathan: So, our average spread would be in the ballpark of I would say 14 to 16% in the longer, 
I would say if I go forward three to four quarters. 
Devanshu Dhruv: That is what we maintain, right? 
Krishnan Vishwanathan: So, I want to be clear, the spread you are saying is NIM spread or just want to be clear, 
when you say spread, what do you mean by that?  
Devanshu Dhruv: Yield minus the cost of borrowing. 
Krishnan Vishwanathan:  Oh, yield minus the cost of borrowing will basically be closer to about 18 to 19 % in 
the near term and in the longer term, it will be, it will reduce, like I said, yes. 
Ranvir Singh: One more thing, I think Krishnan has already mentioned, but I will reiterate. The way 
we operate here is we try to run the business with a firm confidence on delivering the 
ROA and the passing on the benefit to the customer happens more as a, once we 
know that the risk is also playing ou t, the new cost of funds that are at a lower rate 
and we know our ROAs are fully, fully secured, then we pass on the benefits. So, there 
a lag of passing on the benefit only after we have ensured the ROA is in no situation 
jeopardized. And that is why we a re able to give a guidance on both ROA and ROE in 
as common term as possible. 
Devanshu Dhruv: Fair. So, the guidance just to reiterate is for FY27 alone, right? 
Ranvir Singh: Yes. 
Devanshu Dhruv: Okay, so last question from my side, sorry. So, our disbursal in Q4, the quantum of 
disbursal in Q4 was what amount? What was that in Q3 and what are we targeting in 
FY27? 
Krishnan Vishwanathan: I am just, the disbursal in Q4 was ₹ 3,954 crores, it is in the fact sheet an d the Q3 of 
FY26 was ₹ 3,113. We do not want to provide a guidance on disbursement for FY27. 
The reason for that, Devanshu, is that our guidance is for AUM growth, that is what 
we see as a fulcrum in terms of scalability and the disbursement is an outcome that 
will be derived because there is always an inching above tenure that happens as more 
and more repeat customers come to us, typically the repeat, the te nure of a repeat 
[page 18]
 OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited 
May 29, 2026                                                          
 Page 17 of 22 
customer is higher than his prior loan. Second, as we go down the,  go up the value 
chain rather to higher quality customers, they invariably require higher tenure and 
higher ticket size loans. Therefore, you will see an increase in the tenure that 
happens, that is why we do not provide disbursement projections. Our guidance is on 
AUM side because ultimately that is what we believe will drive value, embedded value 
for the organization. 
Devanshu Dhruv: That is quite fair. So, all the best to you Krishnan and Ranvir and best of luck for the 
next quarter. Thank you. 
Krishnan Vishwanathan: Thanks, Devanshu. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from Manish Os wal. Please mention your 
organization's name and proceeds. 
Manish Oswal: This is Manish Oswal from Nirmal Bang Securities. Thank you for the opportunities.  
My question is on the competitive landscape in the personal loan and the LAP 
segment, there are many players like Bajaj  and they are also moving to the digital 
platform. So, where do you see your competition in the target segment or the key 
players who compete in your segment? 
Ranvir Singh: So, on the competition side, as we have mentioned in our RHP also, there are players 
like Bajaj, Chola, many other players. They have had different level of focus as far as 
personal loan is concerned. For us, we have built in the same competitive 
environment. The large base of customers, if you ask what is our competitive edge 
over not only one or two names that I have mentioned, but many players in the 
market, it actually comes because of two very, very distinct things. First and foremost, 
a demonstrated c redit performance, which is coming on the back of all the AI, ML 
models and all the things which I talked about on collections and that has really kept 
us in the good st ead for the segment that we operate in.  Secondly, given the large 
base of customer that we have, it does allow for a scalability, not only coming in form 
of repeat customers, but also in the form of you can further select within that high 
quality customers, which will ensure customers will not o nly give you scale, but also 
deliver a credit behavior which is far, far superior. I think these two things which truly, 
truly stand out when it comes to talking about our competitive advantage compared 
to many, many other players in the market. Having said that, there are many other 
smaller points als o. For example, the way we acquire our customers, which is, as I 
mentioned in my opening remark, it's a combination of not only digital lending, but a 
[page 19]
 OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited 
May 29, 2026                                                          
 Page 18 of 22 
whole host of other captive channels that we have, which is on the back of the 
partnership that we have built with physical merchants, with online merchants, 
aggregators. Last but not the least, even the contribution coming from organic 
channels, which is where we don't incur any cost of customer acquisition has also 
increased. So, I think the combination of very, very high focus on being able to 
maintain a quality as far as credit goes, plus also the large base of customer, which 
almost gives a high degree of certainty on the growth and the scale going forward is 
truly the competitive advantage that we start. 
Manish Oswal: All right. And the second question I have is basically the core KPIs like number of 
customer growth versus the number of product penetration within the existing 
customer base and any other product which you want to introduce to our customers. 
So, how do you see the long-term strategy on these parameters next to three to five 
years’ perspective? 
Ranvir Singh: Yeah. No, so thanks Manish for asking this. Absolutely right.  We have to take a five -
year view as far as multiple product offerings are concerned. We are hugely focused 
on personal loan. We believe we have demonstrated, scaled up and we are very well 
prepared to go for a next level of scale up on the back of all the things which I 
mentioned, particularly around credit quality.  But beyond this, we do want to focus 
on other lending and non-lending products. They are not immediately in the horizon. 
The only thing which is in the horizon is the LAP. We started two years back after 
many, many pilots, many, many sample experiments that we ran, we launched this 
business. We are also a believer on doing few things and doing it ve ry well as against 
spreading ourselves thin and start offering all and every product. That is not our 
strategy. We will add more products but the focus is to do that over several years, 
not immediately. By the time we would have scaled up even our LAP business in a 
meaningful manner while our peer business continues to grow at a significant rate. In 
terms of consideration of products, these are the same products which are available 
in the market but we want to offer in a manner where technology and the cust omer 
stickiness can play a very big role.  So, beyond personal loan and LAP,  as we think 
about next five years, the other products in the consideration list would primarily be 
gold loan, business loan, education loan, so on and so forth. But that is something 
that we will only focus on later in the coming years. In addition to that, I  should also 
say there will be a natural cross -sell that we will do, which is of a fee -based product, 
which basically means insurance and mutual fund distribution primarily.  But that's 
more an adjunct and a cross-sell to our existing list. 
[page 20]
 OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited 
May 29, 2026                                                          
 Page 19 of 22 
Manish Oswal: All right, sir. Thank you very much for answering my question. All the best for the 
coming quarters. 
Ranvir Singh: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from Abhi  Shah. Please mention your organization's 
name and proceed. 
Abhi Shah: I am Abhi Shah, from Sindhi Technologies. So, most of my questions are answered. I 
have some few questions regarding GNPA.  So, as you said, you are going towards 
high-quality customers. But your GNPA has been rising from 0.79 to 2.89. Yes, it has 
decreased over the quarters. But why is there such a reason for such high GNPA 
shoot-up in two years? And my second question is regarding the LAP growth. So, how 
many branches or branch expansions are you planning for this financial year?  
Krishnan Vishwanathan: Let me take the first one. Ranvir, you can take the LAP question. Abhi, the reason why 
the GNPA shot up from 0.79 to 2.9 is more a technicality. There was a time where we 
would write off earlier at 120. And basically, after active discussion with our auditors, 
given the kind of recovery we used to see before, our write-off period was extended 
to 150. So, it was more a technicality of when we write off the loan, which changed, 
that caused the spikes that you see.  It is not anything to do with the credit quality 
improving or worsening. It was more that technicality. Now, it has been 150 for now 
two years. And what you see is the consistent behavior of our GNPA since that point 
in time. I hope that addressed your query. 
Abhi Shah:                            Yeah. 
Ranvir Singh: On the LAP business, today, we have 98 branches. We plan to have at least 80 more 
branches by end of this financial year. Given the LAP business is still very small, 7.3% 
of the total, it may continue to remain a small portion for FY27 as well. That is also 
because our personal loan is going at a decent rate. Again, having said that, the LAP 
branch expansion will be a very calibrated response. It is while taking into account, 
we are deepening into geographies where we are present in.  And these geographies 
are primarily Karnataka, AP, Telangana, Tamil Nadu , and also UP and Maharashtra. 
So, those are the places where we are already present. But the focus would be on 
having a very calibrated branch expansion while ensuring we are able to achieve all 
our desired outcomes in terms of branch profitability, the e arly signs of risk, which 
will go into getting to these numbers. 
[page 21]
 OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited 
May 29, 2026                                                          
 Page 20 of 22 
Abhi Shah: Okay, got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from Juzer Haveliwala. Please unmute yourself, 
mention your organization's name and proceed, sir. 
Juzer Haveliwala: Hello, I am an individual investor. My first question is that you have deployed roughly 
75% of the primary issu e into Si Creva. So, what's the timeline for the balance 25 %? 
And in addition to that, at your current AUM growth pace, when do you think you will 
be needing the next round of capital? 
Chirag Jain: I can take this one . On the IPO proceeds, 75% of the primary issue, approximately ₹ 
630 crore have been already infused as fresh equity into our NBFC subsidiary, which 
is Si Creva  Capital. This is completely in line with the objects  we have laid on the 
prospectus. Further deployment into onward lending is also commenced and is 
progressing as planned.  For the balance 25%, it is earmarked for general corporate 
purposes and is being deployed in a calibrated manner towards areas that will 
strengthen the long-term franchise. This includes investment in technology, AI 
infrastructure, brand building, customer acquisition, and also pursuing the strategic 
objectives. On the second point around needing the capital, I would say given our 
current capital position, we are comfortably capitalized to achieve the 40% AUM 
growth guidance for FY27. 
Juzer Haveliwala: That answers my question. My second question was, you mentioned about , a lot of 
significant AI deployment across underwriting, collections, customer support, and 
even code development. So, how do you see AI or even automation helping in better 
risk management? 
Ranvir Singh: Neha, you want to talk about?  
Neha Shivran: I will take this. This is Neha, good to meet you all. So, AI is showing up everywhere in 
our risk stack. But if I had to pick up where it is actually making a difference, it's in 
three places. So, the biggest one for us is underwriting. We have been on a journey 
from gradient boosted trees to transform-based models. And that has taken area 
under the curve, which is a model performance metric from 60s a couple of years 
ago to 74 right now. What that translates in practical terms for us, our internal score 
is able to roughly segregate risk 5x better.  
The second piece is fraud. And this is where the architectural shift has been most 
interesting. We have moved past the static rules to a multi-agent setup, covering 
[page 22]
 OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited 
May 29, 2026                                                          
 Page 21 of 22 
vision, text, tabular, and graph data. And the agents are actually surfacing new fraud 
hypothesis on their own when they spot anomalies. In this environment, where 
fraud patterns mutate every week, that's a different kind of capability than just 
having a few more checks. And then in the end, there is surveillance. The early 
warning system that Ranvir spoke of earlier, runs across 7,000 features now and the 
heavy lifting AI does there is attribution. So, when the portfolio metrics start 
changing, the system tells us which features are actually driving the shift. Thank 
you. 
Juzer Haveliwala: Thank you. Thank you so much. And all the best for your future endeavors.  
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, we will  be taking the last question for today from Rishabh 
Doshi. Please mention your organization's name and proceed. 
Rishabh Doshi: Hello. I am from Nirmidae Investment Advisors. So, congrats on the great numbers 
and congrats on your successful IPO. So, I was still confused regarding the quarterly 
movement between the AUM and the revenue. Our revenue is up around 4-5%. And 
also like in the KPI handbook, which you have shared, there it seems that the 
portfolio yield from Q3 to Q4 is up by around 1%. So, just wanted to understand 
like, is this differential more because of compression in yields or did we lend more 
during the end of the quarter? 
 
Krishnan Vishwanathan:  No, the difference is coming from two reasons. Reason number one is there  is a 
small margin compression & the second is the other income that has also reduced. 
So, that is the combination of the two reasons why you see a difference between 
the AUM growth and the revenue growth between Q3 and Q4. 
Rishabh Doshi: So, going ahead, will this continue or? 
Krishnan Vishwanathan: See, on a quarter -on-quarter basis, what we are essentially committing is are two 
things. And this is where the belief system is very strong. One is the delivery of ROA.  
And I will tell you why that intrinsic belief system exists. We believe that India is a 
very heterogeneous country , multiple consumer segments.  The endeavor is to 
continue to scale to lower yield and higher quality customers. And therefore, as we 
move through the journey, different aspects, we have the flexibility  and this is what 
the digital infrastructure allows you to do.  We have the ability to play around with 
different aspects of the ROA tree to achieve the objective of stability and reliability of 
[page 23]
 OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited 
May 29, 2026                                                          
 Page 22 of 22 
a ROA delivery. But to answer your question, the income margins, as we have said 
before, will continue to improve. There is a constant focus on higher quality 
customers. That reduction in the margin will be compensated with cost of fund 
improvement, with operational leverage improving the OPEX margin. And of course, 
over a sustained period of time, the 10 to 15% improvement in the credit cost. So, 
from a guidance perspective, Rishabh, the growth in AUM, the ROA and ROE are 
something we are basically what we are standing by. 
Rishabh Doshi: Yes. And my last question is in the long run, what do you see as a sustainable leverage 
ratio? 
Krishnan Vishwanathan: In the long run, the sustainable leverage ratio on the on-balance sheet side, I want to 
basically differentiate our on-book lending and the off-book lending. On the on-book 
lending, given that it's predominantly a personal loan right now, for us , we see the 
steady state leverage as being 2.5 to 3 on debt-to-equity. Of course, over a period of 
time, if the secured book becomes more meaningful, there is the potential of further 
improving the leverage but that probably is a two-year journey for us. So, on the off-
balance sheet side, as you know, that leverage is not a real constraint because the 
only capital that you block is the 5% FLDG. And therefore, as long as there are 
partners, off -balance sheet partners who are excited by the retail and MSME 
opportunity that we provide, we will continue to grow. And I don't think there will be 
a leverage constraint that will come on the off-balance sheet side. 
Rishabh Doshi: That's all from my side. Thanks. 
Moderator: Thank you. As that was the last question, I would like to hand over the call to Mr. 
Ranvir Singh – Chairman, Director and CEO for his closing comments. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Ranvir Singh: Thank you. Thank you all for participating on the call. We look forward to living up to 
whatever we have committed and building the business on the elements of strategy 
which I just outlined. Not only I outlined, but which also came up in the questions and 
answer session. Thank you, everybody. 
Moderator: Thank you, members of the Management. Thank you, everyone, for being a part of 
the conference call. You may now exit the meeting. Thank you once again and have a 
pleasant day ahead. Thank you.              