
===== PAGE 1 of 29 =====
June 09, 2025 
To 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400001 
Scrip Code - 543597 
Subject - Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Transcript for H2 and FY 2024-25 Post Earnings Conference Call held on June 04, 2025. 
Dear Sirs, 
With respect to above captioned subject, please find attached herewith transcript of the Conference Call for Analyst and Investors held for H2 and FY 2024-25 on June 04, 2025 at 04.00 P.M. IST (12:00 hours) 
Kindly take the same on your records. 
Thanking You, 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited 
Vibhuti Kulkarni 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Mem. No. ACS 68263 
VIRTUOSO Optoelectronics Limited i 
Register A ss : 7 MIDC Area, Satpur, Trimbak Road, Nashik - 422007 
Email : infc oepl.com Website : www.voepl.com 
Telephone Number: +91253 2309019 
CIN No: L74999MH2015PLC268355. 
===== PAGE 2 of 29 =====
 
 
 
VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED 
 
H2 & FY25 
 
POST EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL 
 
June 04, 2025 
 
 
Management Team 
 
 
Mr. Sukrit Bharati - Managing Director 
Mr. Sajid Shaikh - Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
 
Call Coordinator 
 
Strategy & Investor Relations Consulting 
 
===== PAGE 3 of 29 =====
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
H2 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
June 04, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 28 
 
Presentation 
 
Vinay Pandit: Ladies and gentlemen, I welcome you all to the H 2 and FY'25 Post 
Earnings Conference Call of Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited. Today 
on the call from the management, we have with us Mr. Sukrit Bharati, 
Managing Director; and Mr. Sajid Shaikh, Chief Financial Officer. 
 
As a disclaimer, I would like to inform all of you that this call may 
contain forward -looking statements, which may involve risk and 
uncertainties, also a reminder that this call is being recorded. 
 
I would now request the management to brief us about the business 
and performance highlights for the period ended 31st March 2025, the 
growth plan and vision for the coming year, post which we will open 
the floor for Q&A. 
 
Over to you, Sukrit. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Hi, very good evening to all of you, and thank you for taking the time 
to be with us today. We will quickly run you through the PPT just to 
give you an overview, but this has already been shared. And we hope 
that you have found time to go through it. So we've registered strong 
year-on-year sales of 32.5%. 
 
This is in line with what we had anticipated. And the profit growth, of 
course, PBT growth seems to be lower, but in practicality, the PAT 
growth, the PAT growth seems to be lower, but PBT growth was 
higher than what we had anticipated by about 10, 15 basis points. So 
we are happy with the PBT growth just because the capitali sation of a 
lot of assets happened towards the last quarter, which increased the 
deferred tax provision which increased the tax percentage. 
 
The tax percentage, if you see is almost, I think 78%, if I remember 
the number correctly, which is why the PAT number looks to be 
bigger. Also, we were running at full capacities towards the end of the 
year. So for us to grow beyond this number was a li ttle difficult. Now 
this year, we are ramping capacities, which we will talk about in the 
coming slides, but we have closed the year at ₹702 Cr. 
 
And the overall CAGR for the company has been 43%, 43% over the 
last five years. The EBITDA has grown 37%. And  if you see PAT has 
grown also in line with the revenue and is today at 48%, even after 
considering all the provisions, whereas the PBT has grown by 58% 
CAGR. 
===== PAGE 4 of 29 =====
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
H2 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
June 04, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 28 
 
 
Coming to the business verticals, we are happy to share a few 
highlights. One is, of course, we are entering compressor business, 
and we have already ordered a major chunk of machinery and the first 
phase of machinery is already under installation. We are hoping that 
by end of this June, we will start doing trials. And over the next 
couple of months, we will start doing sampling with our customers. 
 
So we are expecting commercial production to start for compressors in 
Q3 of the current FY. And it is a larger product category. It takes a lot 
of customer time for validation. So we expect to see good results of 
compressor business by Q2 or Q3 in the next financial year because it 
will take about six to nine months for customers to validate the 
product, do smaller lots trials, and then we start seeing the real 
numbers. But that will add a good dimension to the overall portfolio of 
VOEPL. 
 
Like I was mentioning, so that is the compressor is one highlight. The 
second highlight is we are happy to share. We started commercial 
production of freezers in the fourth quarter of last year, and we have 
also started supplying to some multinational customers. So two out of 
the three anchor customers that we have planned, we have started 
supplying products to them. 
 
And the third is in the pipeline, and we hope to start supplying to them 
also soon hopefully before the end of this month.  So, freezer looks to 
be on track, and we hope we can build on the freezer volumes in this 
year. Freezer, we believe can contribute anywhere between the 
standalone, the commercial refrigeration can contribute anywhere 
between 10%, 15% or between 10% and 15% this year of our overall 
revenue, which will help not just the top line but also the bottom line 
of the company. 
 
The next highlight was that we started the operations of our Chennai 
plant under Virtuoso Polymers for EPS manufacturing. And that is 
also on line, and that has been doing well in the last couple of months.  
We are starting another small unit under Virtuoso Polymers for 
refrigerator components in Sanand for our customer. And we are 
hoping that, it is planned to be operational by Q3 of the current FY 
also. This is as far as the expansion is concerned, out of Nashik and in 
compressors. 
 
Within Nashik, AC, of course, we are expanding capacity. We are 
expanding from 0.5 million roughly average sets. Or if you see here, 
===== PAGE 5 of 29 =====
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
H2 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
June 04, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 28 
 
we are increasing ODU capacity from 800,000 to 1 million and ODU 
from 400,000 to 1 million also. So overall, we will have a set capacity 
of 1 million by probably August or September this year. 
 
So, we want to be ready for the season for higher requirements from 
our customers. So again, by Q3, this capacity will be live and this 
expansion is ongoing. Dispenser also, we are upgrading our capacity 
slightly by working out some bottlenecks. 
 
And freezer capacity, of course, we will start increasing the capacity 
towards the end of this year, once we reach at least a 60%, 70% 
utilisation of the current capacity of 150 K. So that is the pipeline, but 
the major CapEx will start for that, once we hit a capacity utili sation 
of 60%, 70%, which we are hoping to do by the end of this financial 
year. 
 
Compressor, the capacity will go live this year. And based on how we 
get the order booking, we will plan for expansion in that, in the next 
year maybe for compressors. Lighting and EMS, we are also planning 
to increase capacity right now marginally by about 25%. But next 
year, we're looking to grow our EMS capacity a lot more significantly 
because we want to cater to our own PCB and controller board 
requirement for AC as well as look outward to other customers for 
these products. 
 
The current product mix that we have is of course is getting better 
because as a strategy, which we've been talking about for the last two 
years, we want to have a more diversified product range. One is, of 
course, air conditioners, indoor unit, outdoor unit, AC components, 
which we are getting deeper into, refrigeration which is water 
dispenser and freezers as of now. 
 
We are also doing a little bit of refrigerators which we are on the high 
end, which is right now only a trial. But if it works, we will explore 
that possibility more.  EMS, we are doing LED. We are doing some 
controller boards. We are doing some remotes and we want to grow 
that portfolio significantly in the next year. Virtuoso Compressors is 
going to focus on compressor business, and we want to keep 
increasing our capacity there. 
 
But the important part there is to build a stronger foundation and good 
relationships with key customers so that we can have long -term 
contracts with them.  Virtuoso Polymers will continue focusing on 
component business with one plant right now operational in Chennai 
===== PAGE 6 of 29 =====
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
H2 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
June 04, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 28 
 
and other plant coming up in Sanand. One product, which is not in this 
is, which we plan to start this year is of course, a semi -automatic 
washing machine. And we hope to be live and operational by end of 
Q3 or early Q4 for semi-automatic washing machines also. 
 
So, the ratio between the AC business and other business es has, so the 
balance has improved. We are now 75% against 80% on AC percent 
of the overall share. And we believe by end of this year, we will be at 
a 65% to 70% coming from AC and the rest coming from other 
businesses. 
 
Next year, I think that proportion will improve or the diversification 
will improve further, and we hope to continue . I mean, so with that, 
that will also help improving our overall EBITDA margins. Since last 
year, the ODU contribution was much higher, and the growth in ODU 
was much higher than an IDU, which is why it impacted the EBITDA 
margin, which also we had anticipated and we had communicated in 
advance. 
 
So that was a quick brief. This year, of course, to just give you a 
forward-looking statement for this financial year. So this year, the last 
couple of months have been good. June seems to be a softer month 
because of rains, I think the demand has slowed, but we are hopeful 
that the seas on will go deep and maybe Q2 will be better in terms of 
last year. 
 
So still very early to comment because it's the beginning of the year. 
But as of now, we believe that we will achieve our target of about 
₹1,000 crores. If the season is a little soft, then maybe between ₹900 
crores and ₹1,000 crores, if the season goes well, then, ₹1,100 crores 
is what we are looking at for the current financial year.  So that was a 
quick summary of where things stand in the company, and we are 
happy to take questions. Thank you. 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Whoever wishes to ask a question may raise their hand or 
put your request in the chat box. We'll take the first question from the 
line of Garvit Goyal. Garvit, you can unmute and ask please. Garvit? 
We'll take the next question from… 
 
Garvit Goyal: Yes. So, you mentioned about the revenue guidance. So, can you just 
put some colo ur on the margins front as well? Like in your opening 
remarks, you mentioned you 're expecting some improvement in 
===== PAGE 7 of 29 =====
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
H2 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
June 04, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 28 
 
margins maybe because of higher IDU sales expected this year. So, 
can you put a number to it? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Since still growth will heavily depend , I mean, a major percentage of 
the growth will still continue to come from AC this year. We are still 
expecting the EBITDA margins to be about 8.5% to 9% in the current 
financial year. And next year onwards, I think this should start being 
more than 9%, considering a better product mix. 
 
Garvit Goyal: Okay. And I was listening to one of our customers, Voltas. They are 
facing some challenges, as you also mentioned about early monsoon. 
So how big the situation is in the terms of like how deep you are based 
on your negotiations with the customer, how long it can be , like you 
mentioned, June is going to be a softer one. So, do you expect it to be 
in July and August also going to be in that manner only? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Difficult to say because it's a little unpredictable, but the normal sense 
is that if the season is not so strong, then the season generally runs 
deeper. So that is the hope, but difficult to comment what exactly 
happens in Q2. But let's hope for the best. I don't think it will be a 
major hit. But yes, if you are anticipating a 15%, 20% growth year-on-
year, maybe it will be a flattish year or maybe 2%, 3% negative. But I 
don't think the overall year average should be too far below what it 
was last year. 
 
Garvit Goyal: Got it. I will join back the queue. Thank you. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take the next question from Ranu Deep.  Ranu Deep, 
you can unmute and ask. 
 
Ranu Deep: Yeah, thank you for the opportunity. So, Sukrit, you guided for 1 
million units each of ODU and IDU. Is this volume entirely tied to our 
existing Voltas partnership? Or is there a new client addition that we 
are looking at? And the second part to that question is, over the last 
two to three years, has there been any meaningful market share gains, 
which is kind of giving us this confidence for this expansion? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: So, a couple of reasons for expansion. One is, of course, we are seeing 
opportunity. And market share gain within the existing customer, I 
believe has been there, point number one. Point number two, the 
existing capacity will go, I mean, first, of course, we are in discussion 
with our existing customer and new customers. We will definitely give 
===== PAGE 8 of 29 =====
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
H2 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
June 04, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 28 
 
preference to our existing customers before adding new customers like 
we have maintained.  But depending on what numbers and volume 
commitment we get from the existing customer, we will look at other 
customers for the remaining quantity. 
 
Ranu Deep: Okay. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: And overall, if we have to even maintain our market share because the 
market is growing very aggressively, if we don't increase our volumes, 
I believe the additional opportunity that is coming, we'll lose that also, 
and we will not be able to even maintain our market share if we stay at 
0.5 average set volume. That is why increasing our volume has 
become mandatory both for our growth and for us to gain larger 
market share with existing customers and new customers. 
 
Ranu Deep: So Sukrit, in terms of the present market share, what is that number 
for Virtuoso across India? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Let's say, because we are looking more IDUs and less ODUs, but let's 
say, if we are doing about 0.4 million sets and the market number is 
about 1.2%, 1.3%, so then we are at about 3 -odd percent, 4% maybe 
of the market. But if you see only the ODM or OEM market, then I 
think this number will be higher.  I think we'll be closer to maybe 10% 
or 12% of the market. 
 
Ranu Deep: Sure. Okay. Thanks for that. My next question was, so we see your 
recent diversification into semi-automatic washing machines, freezers, 
toy components, appears to be reducing the seasonality typically that 
we have seen in our legacy portfolio, right? Could you elaborate on 
how are we evolving this product mix? And is it impacting the 
revenue visibility? I do recall that I think you've given a guidance in 
the past of ₹700 crores to ₹1,200 crores to ₹2,000 crores. Are we 
maintaining that guidance? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: So, like I said, this year depends a lot on how the AC business goes , 
because if there is a softer season overall, then I mean, expecting a 
30%, 40% growth rat e coming from AC becomes a lot more difficult. 
We still believe we will grow in the AC business overall. But given 
the current scenario, of course, it is a rapidly evolving scenario and 
difficult to commit. Sometimes things change over a few days. So, we 
will wait and see. But the reason why I'm saying 1,000 plus/minus 100 
is because considering if it does not go well and if it goes well, plus 
we want to be slightly conservative in our numbers. So that is where 
we are. 
===== PAGE 9 of 29 =====
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
H2 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
June 04, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 28 
 
 
But overall, the idea is that if we are diversified, we get first entry into 
multiple customers. We get entry into multiple segments, and we can 
maintain our EBITDA levels better. Plus like this year, if next year 
also AC is softer, by that time the other products are in a much 
stronger position. So we can still get  growth from those product sets. 
So that is the overall idea. 
 
We are not shifting focus from AC, of course, because AC is a large 
driver for our growth. But in parallel, because every new category 
takes two, three years to settle in terms of understanding, in terms of 
product perfection, in terms of market understanding. So, we've 
started that cycle. And hopefully, we will start seeing results going 
forward year-on-year from the new categories. 
 
Ranu Deep: Okay. If I can squeeze in one last question. Any specific reason in 
selecting Sanand as our next location? Are we exploring any new 
sector? The reason I'm asking this question because the semiconductor 
hub is slated to come in that belt. So just inquisitive, are there any 
opportunities that we are seeing? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: We are not. So I mean, as of now, we are not seeing anything in 
semiconductor. 
 
Moderator: Thank you.  We'll take the next question from the line of Siddhanth.  
Siddhanth, you can unmute and ask. 
 
Siddhanth: Hi, my first question is regarding the refrigeration business, like we 
are planning to only ramp up this year and maybe the new capacity 
will come towards the year -end. So, this 150,000 units, what sort of 
revenue are we targeting this year? And at what capacity levels? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: We are looking at a revenue of ₹100 crores to ₹150 crores at the 
capacity utilisation of roughly 60% to 70%. 
 
Siddhanth: And for this ₹100 crores to ₹150 crores, we already have clients 
onboarded, right? Or are we still... 
 
Sukrit Bharati: We do have it for almost 70% of that quantity, 30% we are in the 
process of finalising. 
 
Siddhanth: Okay. And what will be like roughly our average reali sation for ODU 
and IDU units? 
 
===== PAGE 10 of 29 =====
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
H2 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
June 04, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 28 
 
Sukrit Bharati: ODU is roughly around 12,000, IDU is roughly around 6,000. And 
freezer is roughly around 13,000. 
 
Siddhanth: This is ex of GST? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Yes. It's a net price. 
 
Siddhanth: Net price. Okay. And the second question is regarding the listing of 
the shares, like where are we in the process? And... 
 
Sukrit Bharati: We are getting positive feedback from BSE. We are hoping that latest 
by next week, the process will get completed. 
 
Siddhanth: Because earlier when we had a call, we were supposed to get the 
confirmation by, I guess April end. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Correct. So we are in constant touch with BSE. So they had to take 
some internal approvals, which took a little longer. But the last update 
that we have from them, which is as of yesterday, is that hopefully, in 
the next two, three days it should get done. But I mean, positively next 
week, looks like week where that issue, we can put in the past. 
 
Siddhanth: Okay. And the ramping up of the 6 lakh units of ODU, when can this 
happen like whether it will be in the first half or the second half of the 
financial year? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: The process is ongoing. And by October, we believe we'll be ready 
with that capacity, October, latest November. 
 
Siddhanth: So both will be 10 lakhs by October? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: October, November, yes. I mean you can say third quarter. 
 
Siddhanth: Third quarter. Okay. Thank you so much. I'll get back into the queue. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take the next question from Akhil Shah.  Akhil, you 
can unmute and ask. 
 
Akhil Shah: Hi, thanks for the opportunity. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Thank you. 
 
===== PAGE 11 of 29 =====
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
H2 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
June 04, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 28 
 
Akhil Shah: So a couple of questions from my side. The first question is regarding 
the breakup of revenue between AC, deep freezer , and water 
dispenser. And if you can throw some light between IDU and the 
ODU revenue breakup. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Sorry, the last part was breakup between IDU and? 
 
Akhil Shah: ODU, revenue breakup. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Revenue breakup. So IDU, ODU, I don't have offhand. But roughly 
last year, it was 50 -50 in terms of IDU and ODU. As far as freezer is 
concerned, last year, of course, we had only a few days, we had very 
few numbers, so maybe 3% odd came from freezer business last year. 
This year, we are looking, like I said, at a 10%, 15% number coming 
from freezers. 
 
For the refrigeration, I'm including both dispenser and chest freezers. 
So, this year and plus the EMS and lighting business is looking at a 
10% to 15% contribution also. So, we are looking at a 25% to 30% or 
even maybe up to 35% coming from other businesses, and the 
remaining 60%, 65% coming from AC. 
 
Akhil Shah: And also, if you can throw some light on whether these components 
like cross fans, heat exchangers, and copper tubing. Are these used for 
captive consumption or we sell it outside as well? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: So far, majorly captive consumption, but I mean, almost 80%, 85% is 
for captive consumption. But we are getting more opportunities, and 
we're exploring that also. So if it works, we will start supplying more 
of these components as well. Of course, the plant in Chennai is only 
for a component sale s. It is not for a captive. Similarly, the plant 
coming up in Sanand also is going to be for sale s and not for captive 
consumption. 
 
Akhil Shah: Okay. I'll fall back in the queue. Thanks. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take the next question from Kunal Tokas. Kunal you 
can unmute and ask. 
 
Kunal Tokas: Thank you for being here. Just have a few questions. First is that given 
the early onset of monsoon and you have stated that this year might be 
soft and so against you. Do you think that not now, but brands may go 
===== PAGE 12 of 29 =====
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
H2 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
June 04, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 28 
 
slow with respect to the next season when they start putting orders in 
Q3 or Q4, and you will also have new capacity coming up in? And 
with the confluence of these two factors, there might be some unused 
capacity for the next year? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Capacity is coming up in Q3. We are not expecting full capacity to get 
utilised in this year anyhow. But the capacity that we are setting up, I 
believe, will have some contribution this year, but a major chunk of 
the contribution will start coming from next year. So we have to see 
about that plus how the weather behaves and how the market moves is 
something that we'll have to wait and watch. Too early to comment as 
of now. I think we' ll have to wait till probably September or at least 
August to understand how things stand. 
 
Kunal Tokas: And in the last con call, you have mentioned that you will be doing 
around ₹250 crores in CapEx in FY '26 and '27. Can you give a 
general breakup of where the majority of this CapEx will go towards? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: So roughly to give you a rough breakup, about ₹50 crores is going to 
go in compressors. ₹50 crores to ₹60 crores is already been invested in 
the freezer business. ₹50 crores, we are investing roughly in AC. AC, 
I mean capacity addition and also increase in backward integration. 
About ₹20 crores has gone towards the component business. And the 
remaining ₹30 crores has gone towards , I mean, out of remaining ₹30 
crores, about ₹15 crores is going towards washing machine. And I 
mean, the remaining ₹15 crores, I will have to check the breakup, but 
it'll mostly go for backward integration, but that is a rough breakup. 
 
Kunal Tokas: All right. And just a final accounting question. This year, we kno w 
your tax rate go up, because of deferred tax charge, and also there is a 
large jump in deferred tax liabilities on the balance sheet. Can you 
please explain what led to this? And what we can expect in the future? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: So the entire freezer plant, I mean, because it became operational in 
Q4 was capitalised in Q4. And that is why the depreciation calculation 
as per income tax and company's law was different, which is why the 
provision came into being. And going forward, it will continue to be at 
the standard 30% odd, but this year was an exception. Also, it is not an 
actual cash outflow in our books. It is just a provisioning for cash 
outflow. So that is what it is. 
 
Kunal Tokas: Got it. All right. Thank you very much and have a good day. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Thank you so much. 
===== PAGE 13 of 29 =====
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
H2 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
June 04, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 28 
 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take the next question from Manan Madlani. Manan, 
you can ask please. 
 
Manan Madlani: Hi, thanks for the opportunity. Can you share the utili sation rate for 
individual products for the current year? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: So AC last year, towards the end of the year, we were almost again at 
70%, 80% utili sation overall. And this year, with the increased 
capacity, we are expecting a 40% to 50% utili sation in the AC 
business. Freezer business with the current capacity, like I mentioned 
earlier, we are about 60%, give or take a few percent is what we are 
expecting 60% to 70% for freezer business this year for refrigeration 
category. 
 
Lighting category, we are consistently operating at 70%, 80%. This 
year, we are increasing the capacity a little bit. And so that will also 
still continue to be at about 70% in terms of utilisation. 
 
Manan Madlani: So when you say refrigeration, it includes freezer and dispensers both? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Dispensers, correct, correct. Yes. 
 
Manan Madlani: Okay. And earlier, we guided around 2% to 2.5% PAT margin. So this 
is after the change of depreciation method? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Yes. It was after the change of depreciation method, but what we 
didn't account for was the additional provisioning. 
 
Manan Madlani: Yes, that is for FY '25. I'm asking for FY '26, '27? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Correct. That continues. 
 
Manan Madlani: Okay. This is considering our share of refrigeration and any other 
higher margin, for example, washing machine will increase? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: That washing machine, I think is a similar margin product as AC. And 
compressor, we are still evaluating where exactly, what exactly will be 
the margin profile and that is yet to see.  Initially, if the government 
does not extend BIS post , so government last year extended BIS by 
one year for compressors till end of March or April next year.  So if 
government does not increase that limit, then we believe we're getting 
better margins and compressors will be easier. But if influx of import 
is also available, then compressor margins will be lower initially. But 
===== PAGE 14 of 29 =====
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
H2 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
June 04, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 28 
 
if the influx stops, then margins will improve, because we will have an 
upper hand because we can supply locally. 
 
Manan Madlani: Okay. Just a clarification. On the compressor  side, you mentioned 
earlier, if I'm not wrong 7% to 8% EBITDA margin with , if we invest 
another ₹50 Cr or something, then that margin could go upwards? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Correct. Correct. That's correct. 
 
Manan Madlani: Okay. And what's the cost of borrowing currently? Because it seems 
something odd, because we paid ₹25 Cr for this year and average debt 
is somewhere around ₹150 Cr, ₹160 Cr. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Correct. So because we discount our invoices, cost of debt is about 
8.75% to 9%. But because we are d iscounting invoices, factoring 
invoices, supplying customer invoices, which is why it adds to the 
interest cost. 
 
Manan Madlani: Okay. Just last question. So just first a clarification. Did you mention 
almost utilising our commercial ref capacity in FY '26? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: I mentioned 60% to 70% utilisation in '26. 
 
Manan Madlani: Okay. So given we are utili sing 60%, 70% utilisation, why we are not 
committing more than 9% EBITDA margin for the current year itself? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Because the ODU will still increase. ODU sitting at 7%, 8% is still 
going to increase in number. So for 10% or 12% or 15% of the 
business to offset at 25% or 30% or 40% of business revenue is a little 
difficult. We'll have to ultimately manage balance and see where it 
goes. But yes, it will, so freezer will have a positive impact. 
 
Manan Madlani: What was the revenue for freezer in Q4? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: I think about ₹6 crores, ₹7 crores. I don't have the exact number, but I 
think about ₹6 crores, ₹7 crores. 
 
Manan Madlani: And this both anchor clients, so basically, our products going to Africa 
region or basically export through India region? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: No, India. 
 
Manan Madlani: Currently, no export? 
 
===== PAGE 15 of 29 =====
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
H2 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
June 04, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 28 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Currently, no export. All India regions. So the anchor customer that 
we have are also for India region. 
 
Manan Madlani: And this applies to water dispenser as well or that product is 
exporting? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Water dispenser, we have exported some quantities, but major 
numbers are still coming from domestic. 
 
Manan Madlani: Okay. And water dispenser and commercial ref, are there any 
overlapping in terms of customer or both are different? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Different, so far different. But there will be overlap in the future, but 
so far that... 
 
Manan Madlani: Okay, thank you so much. I will join back in the queue. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We will take the next question from Bhuvaneswaran.  
Bhuvaneswaran, you can unmute and ask. 
 
Bhuvaneswaran: I have a question. In FY '23, we've grown 68% top line and 100% in 
PAT. In FY '24, we've grown about 58% in revenue and 25% in PAT. 
But now we are g rowing only under 35% to 40%. Can I know what is 
the reason of slowdown, what you are expecting from above? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: So there are two, three things. One is, of course, growing on a smaller 
base is one thing. Second is and the base is becoming bigger. The 
second part is we are hitting capacity constraints. And if we don't have 
capacity to manufacture unlike , I mean, we need the infrastructure, 
without the infrastructure, manufacturing becomes a challenge. 
 
The third is, of course, also once you reach a certain percentage in the 
market, then our growth also gets linked to the growth of the market, 
and getting abnormally high growth regardless of how the market 
grows also will become difficult. So it's a combination of factors.  But 
yes, we are prepping so that growth rates can be aggressive in the 
future, but anticipating the exact growth rate s will depend on how 
products pan out as we go forward. 
 
So the guidance that we are giving you is, of course, based on a 
conservative estimate that we will be able to achieve that, and we want 
to try and be close to what we commit to you. 
===== PAGE 16 of 29 =====
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
H2 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
June 04, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 28 
 
 
Bhuvaneswaran: Okay. I understand . A nother question. We have a CapEx -intensive 
business, but our ROE remains in single -digit. Are we expecting any 
other QIPs or what you think about the ROE? We are on track of in 
double-digit or when will be in double-digit? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: I think next FY, we should be in double -digit. Actually, a lot of 
investment that we are doing now are yet to start giving results or 
sufficient results because they are in the early phases. By next year, 
these projects will be in an active running state. And that is why we 
believe ROE will improve. The only thing that you have to keep in 
mind is if you calculate ROE on the actively utili sed assets or the 
actively utilised equity amount, I think it will be much better. 
 
But since we on the one side, the expectation is to grow. If you want 
to grow, you need to continuously keep investing, this is 
manufacturing. And if you want to keep investing, your ROE always 
seems to be lower because the ROE is being calculated on the total 
amount deployed and not the active or the earning equity amount. So 
that factor needs to come in. Of course, if you consider that, we are 
already in double-digits. 
 
Bhuvaneswaran: So our fixed assets and results are increasing past two years. But we 
are not seeing in asset turnover, that's only I'm asking, you told that 
we need higher capacity. Now you are telling that we cannot utili se 
full capacity. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Sorry, there's some confusion. I'm saying that the capacity that we 
have invested in last year will only be fully functional and in well 
utilised manner, maybe in the next FY. So from investment in capacity 
to full utilisation is a two to three year cycle. 
 
So you have to consider the fact that money deployed, let's say, last 
year, we invested about ₹150 crores in investment. Out of that, there 
will be a significant, let's say, ₹100 crores is in new product 
categories. And in new product categories, they will start giving 
results this year and next year. 
 
So if you remove that ₹100 crores from the equity table and then 
calculate ROE, it will already be in double -digits. But if you want to 
consider that ₹100 crores, then you need to also consider the revenue 
that is expected out of the investments done with that money. 
 
===== PAGE 17 of 29 =====
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
H2 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
June 04, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 28 
 
Bhuvaneswaran: Understand, thank you. Last question. Due to under the CapEx, we are 
expecting any preferential allotments of QIP for the two next years? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: We have not finali sed yet. Once we finali se, we will definitely share 
with you. 
 
Bhuvaneswaran: Okay. Can you give the guidance for FY '27 also? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: A little early, but maybe by the half of the year, we will be able to 
give you a better guidance, a more accurate guidance. 
 
Bhuvaneswaran: Thank you. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take the next question from Tanay Shah.  Tanay, you 
may unmute and ask. 
 
Tanay Shah: Yeah, hi. Sorry if I've missed something earlier as I joined the call a 
little late, but I just wanted to understand what is your take on demand 
so far? And I heard you saying that April and May has been fairly 
decent. But given the industry has seen a double -digit decline across 
the board, across regions and unseasonal rains, how are we seeing 
demand faring up for us in the first two months? I heard you saying 
that June has been soft, but what about the first two months? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: First two months were good. First two months were on track. Only 
June is, I mean, so far softer until unless things change by next week 
or something. But what is more interesting is to see what happens in 
Q2 and Q3. If Q2 and Q3 are better than what they normally are, then 
I think the overall year will still be good. But if Q2 and Q3 also turn 
out to be not so good for the AC industry, then I think the industry 
will probably look at number, which is less than last year by a few 
percentage points, I mean, maybe by 2%, 3% or 4%. 
 
But I don't think the overall industry will degrow by more than that. 
That is the understanding that I have. But I think we have to wait and 
see. 
 
Tanay Shah: Sure, and my second question is I saw in your presentation wherein 
you said you're entering compressors. So have you tied up with any 
tech partner? And firstly, sorry if these compressors are for 
commercial refrigeration, right? 
 
===== PAGE 18 of 29 =====
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
H2 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
June 04, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 28 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Correct. These compressors are for refrigeration, in general. These are 
for both the domestic refrigerators and commercial refrigerators. That 
is one. And the second thing is that we have tied up with two 
companies in China. One is Jiaxipera and one is Huayi for compressor 
manufacturing locally. And so Huayi is the largest manufacturer of 
refrigeration compressor across the world . And Hua yi and Jiaxipera 
are part of the same group with the holding company being Huayi. 
 
So, we've tied up with both of them, and we are the ir exclusive 
manufacturing partners for India. They've already been supplying 
almost 4 million, 4.5 million compressors before the expiry of their 
BIS to the Indian market and to some of the large players in India in 
refrigeration and Commercial Refrigeration segment. So we hope that 
we'll be able to revi ve that business in the next couple of years. So 
compressor can be a good line going forward for us. 
 
Tanay Shah: Sure. So this will actually sort of be a sort of diversification away 
from RAC towards refrigeration, and this is a market which their BIS 
certification has been expired and that gives us a leg in to kind of be 
their domestic partner and so that 4.5 million kind of compressor 
market for them? And also, if you can give me some colo ur on, are 
they sharing technology with us? Like would it be solely sort of 
assembly for us out here in terms of... 
 
Sukrit Bharati: So we have a technology agreement also, but the idea is to locali se 
more and more in India as we go forward because locali sation is a lot 
of investment, one. And second is it also takes time. So we don't want 
to start expanding in backward integration heavily till we have an 
established pipeline of customers. 
 
Tanay Shah: Sure. So roughly, to take 1 million capacity, roughly requires ₹25 
crores to ₹30 crores of CapEx for refrigeration? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Correct. 
 
Tanay Shah: Great. Okay, got that. Okay, thanks. I will come back. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take the next question from Abhay Jain.  Abhay, you 
can unmute and ask. 
 
Abhay Jain: Hi, I have two questions. The first one is what is the share of Voltas 
from your total revenue? 
===== PAGE 19 of 29 =====
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
H2 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
June 04, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 28 
 
 
Sukrit Bharati: So last year, I believe share of Voltas would be roughly between 65% 
and 70%. 
 
Abhay Jain: Okay. The second question is, can you name us your RAC clients 
apart from Voltas? And do you have any plans to add more clients? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: I already answered that. So far, full product we are only supplying to 
our existing customer. But in case, we have more capacity than 
requirement, we will definitely start supplying to other customers also. 
 
Abhay Jain: Great, thank you so much. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take a follow-up question from Garvit Goyal. Garvit, 
you can unmute and ask. 
 
Garvit Goyal: Hi, thanks for the follow -up. You mentioned ₹1,000 Cr for this year , 
₹100 Cr plus, minus.  Can you give the breakup segment wise, like 
how much will be the ACs and washing machines and water 
dispenser? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: So like I said, refrigeration, we are expecting about ₹100 crores, ₹150 
crores. Lighting and EMS also another ₹150-odd crores, so it is about 
₹300 crores. We are looking at component business and new products, 
which are right now at an early stage to be about ₹50 crores. So that's 
₹350 crores and the rest coming from AC. So anywhere around ₹650 
crores to come from AC. 
 
Garvit Goyal: Got it. And secondly, on the tax rate. What kind of tax rate do we 
expect for this year? Like FY '25 was very higher and the reason you 
have mentioned in the opening remarks. So what is the expectation for 
next year? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: This year will be 30%, 32% I mean not more than that. 
 
Garvit Goyal: Lastly, on the listing part, like you mentioned, we are seeking 
approval from BSE and it is expected in the next week. So by when 
can we expect the listing of the shares, like... 
 
Sukrit Bharati: So once we get approval, it's just a couple of days or one day of 
activity just to do a corporate action. 
 
===== PAGE 20 of 29 =====
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
H2 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
June 04, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 28 
 
Garvit Goyal: So that means by next week we can expect because you are very 
positive on that side right? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: We are positive, yes. 
 
Garvit Goyal: Thank you. Thank you very much. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We will take the next follow -up from Ranu Deep.  Ranu 
Deep, you can unmute and ask. 
 
Ranu Deep: Yeah, thank you for the follow -up. Sukrit, have we finali sed our 
marquee client in the washing machine space? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: We have. 
 
Ranu Deep: Okay. I mean, are you in a state to disclose the name? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: No, not. Sorry. 
 
Ranu Deep: Sure, my next one was on the Export segment. I recall, I think you had 
mentioned that water freezer is some, we are looking at this product as 
an inroad into the export market and then slowly we'll kind of scale 
that up. Can you share like how are we progressing in the export 
space? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: So right now, the product line and the local customers are just 
stabilising and the range that we have launched for India is a higher 
spec range. For export market, we are in the process of developing a 
lower spec range because Africa is a larger market for this. And once 
that range is developed, then we will start pushing for export. 
 
But so far, we are getting good traction in the local market. So we will 
-- I mean, we don't want to spread ourselves too thin. We will first 
cater to the local market and then in the meantime, keep the product 
ready for export, and then start pushing for export as we go forward. 
 
Ranu Deep: Sure. And one last question. Are we looking at getting into any PE 
into the firm where now that we  have hit the ₹700 crore s top line 
mark, I recall you mentioned that PE VC firms look into any 
companies only after the scale of ₹500 crores to ₹1,000 crores is kind 
of touched. So are we thinking of next round getting in your marquee 
PE funds? 
===== PAGE 21 of 29 =====
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
H2 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
June 04, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 28 
 
 
Sukrit Bharati: We hope we can get good funds. But as of now, we've not decided on 
a fundraise. But when we do, we will definitely look at large PEs or 
mutual funds to come in. 
 
Ranu Deep: Sure, appreciate all the responses. Thank you so much. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Sriram 
Ramadas. Sriram, you can unmute and ask. 
 
Sriram Ramadas: I don't know if you have mentioned this before, you're going for a 
large expansion in IDU, ODU. This CapEx is already tied up? Or are 
you yet to look for clients? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: We are in active discussion, but not tied up yet. 
 
Sriram Ramadas: Okay. And this is mostly Voltas, right? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Voltas will continue to grow. We are hoping that we can continue to 
grow our volumes with Voltas. But let's see how much of the capacity 
we get orders from them. And the remaining then we will look at 
blocking with other customers. 
 
Sriram Ramadas: Cool, cool. And second question, you're going for manufacturing 
components of those ACs in-house, some of them. So what percentage 
of that value of that AC is that component s going to be in terms of 
cost? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: So like you mentioned before, IDU, we are almost at about 75% to 
80% in -house manufacturing of components. So the total value 
addition of the product in IDU, 75% to 80% is in -house. And for 
ODU, about 60% is in -house. ODU, once we expand our EMS next 
year, which we are scheduled to do, then ODU will also increase to 
about 70%, 75%. 
 
Beyond that, what is left is compressor, some motors and probably 
some brass parts and miscellaneous items like packaging and fasteners 
and all of these, rest everything will be manufactured in-house. 
 
Sriram Ramadas: That's great to know. So most of the high  value items. That includes 
PCB as well, right? You're going to do it in-house? 
 
===== PAGE 22 of 29 =====
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
H2 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
June 04, 2025 
 
Page 21 of 28 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Correct. So that is on the road map for next year, next financial year. 
 
Sriram Ramadas: Great. Last question. How do you think you can compete with the 
Chinese when they're dumping products? You mentioned exports, so 
I'm just curious. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: No. So products where value addition of 70%, 75%, 80% is in -house. 
In such cases, for us to compete with China is becoming still more 
possible. There are two gaps when we're doing business with China. 
One is , of course, their product market fit for that category or that 
region, sorry. If for that region, they have a perfect product perfectly 
priced, then it becomes more difficult for us to meet it. We cannot try 
and sell the Indian specification to an international market and expect 
that it works. We have to first make align our product with the local 
market. That is point number one. 
 
Point number two is that once we do that and if the value addition in 
that product 70%, 80% is in -house, then overall, we become 
competitive to sell in the market in terms of price. So both things need 
to be done. We are working on it. But as of now, I mean, it's a long 
process, but we have definitely started working towards that process. 
 
Sriram Ramadas: Okay. Last question. You've got a ₹100 crore meaning you got a PLI 
approval. When do you expect that to be recogni sed slowly in the 
books? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: So we had already a ₹50 crores sanction of PLI and that got enhanced 
to ₹100 crores. So far, last year, we accrued about ₹6 crores of the PLI 
benefit. And this year, we are expecting to accrue ₹15 crores to ₹20 
crores of the PLI benefit. 
 
Sriram Ramadas: Okay. And this will be reflected in EBITDA margins? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Correct. 
 
Sriram Ramadas: Okay. Thank you very much and your communication has been very 
clear since day one, appreciate it. Thanks. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. W e will take the follow -up question from Akhil Shah.  
Akhil, you can unmute and ask. 
 
===== PAGE 23 of 29 =====
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
H2 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
June 04, 2025 
 
Page 22 of 28 
 
Akhil Shah: Hi, thanks for the follow -up opportunity.  So again, a couple of 
questions from my side. The first question is regarding the EPS 
business. So why is it in VPPL and not in VOEPL? 
 
And my second question is on the balance owner of the compressor 
subsidiary? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Right. So VPPL is, of course, 100% owned step -down subsidiary of 
VOEPL. But the reason why we are moving component business to 
VPPL is because we want to keep all the component business in one, 
and we want to keep a separate focus for that. And we want to ensure 
that the profitability and cash flow of that business becomes 
sustainable, because we don't want to mix product business and 
component business when we are dealing with customers and 
specifically smaller plants.  Also the component plants are smaller 
plants, which need to be operated with that level of efficiency and cost 
structure. That is why VPPL has come into existence, point number 
one. 
 
Point number two, V CPL, of course, right now, 65% is owned by 
VOEPL, which we are increasing to 90%. We've already passed that 
resolution in the Board. It will take whatever time to do the 
documentation. 10% is currently with me, but we are also expecting 
about 8% to 10% coming in as investment from the partners that we 
have for technology in the compressor business. And because we 
wanted to make them also part of the business, we have carved out a 
subsidiary to do that. 
 
Akhil Shah: Okay. Thank you. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: We'll take the next follow-up question from Siddhanth. Siddhanth, you 
can unmute and ask. 
 
Siddhanth: Hi, l ike you mentioned, like the guidance of ₹1,000 odd crores and 
8.5% of operating profit margins for the current financial year. This 
includes the sub PLI benefit also or... 
 
Sukrit Bharati: No, no, it does. Because I mean, somewhere subsidies, we have to 
consider as part of our overall OpEx in terms of our raw material 
because somewhere it is budgeted in the costing also. So whatever 
guidance we are getting is inclusive of benefits. 
 
===== PAGE 24 of 29 =====
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
H2 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
June 04, 2025 
 
Page 23 of 28 
 
Siddhanth: So that means if I just remove like ₹15 odd crores, which you 
mentioned, then we are looking somewhere close ₹70 odd crores of 
operating profit for the entire year? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: I mean, it's a little difficult to actually pinpoint like that. So what we 
are doing is, of course, we're keeping some PLI benefit is, of course, a 
buffer that we have in case of  any margin shrinkages, which 
compensates for that. But it is also factored in the pricing. So 
operating margin, you cannot consider stand -alone because the 
benefits that we have are also known to customers in the market. So 
somewhere they get factored in. So net, we're looking at about 8.5%. 
 
Siddhanth: 8.5%. Okay. Thank you. And regarding this tech tie -up, which we 
have with the Chinese players, what sort of cost have we incurred for 
the same? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: No, we've not paid any sum to them for the technology, we have only 
paid for the equipment that we have purchased. 
 
Siddhanth: So there is no like revenue share? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: No, no. So right now, the components that we buy from them are 
going to come from them anyhow. So they will make their money in 
components. They are right now losing market in India , because of 
lack of presence. They want to retain market, so that is a win for them. 
And we want to, of course, make our way into that segment s. That is a 
win for us. So right now, it is a win-win for both. 
 
Siddhanth: Okay. And once we like start the compressor business, we'll be using 
this in our in-house refrigeration also? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Of course, yes. 
 
Siddhanth: So then is it fair to say that the margins will go up like towards 15% 
from the current 12%? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: So compressor value in commercial refrigeration is relatively low. So 
overall compressor is only about 10% of the overall value. So if there 
is even a 1% change in that, I mean, even there is a 10% margin 
addition, overall c ontribution is only 1%. But we want to leave that 
margin with the compressor unit and not consider it part of the freezer 
unit. 
 
===== PAGE 25 of 29 =====
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
H2 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
June 04, 2025 
 
Page 24 of 28 
 
Siddhanth: Okay. So we are talking about somewhere between ₹1,500 realisation 
per unit for compressor? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Correct, correct, correct. Yes. 
 
Siddhanth: And what will be our reali sation per unit for water dispensers and the 
lighting product? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Water dispenser is about ₹5,000. Lighting varies, but the lamp 
equivalent quantity that we have given you, the reali sation is about 
₹30. 
 
Siddhanth: ₹30. Thank you so much and all the best. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: We'll take the next question from Shubham Gupta.  Shubham, you can 
unmute and ask. 
 
Shubham Gupta: Hi, Mr. Bharati.  So first question is, co uld you please enumerate on 
the names of anchor customers the company has been talking about 
lately? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: We would want to refrain from using the names, but they are both 
multinational customers that we have. So, a good strong customer 
base. 
 
Shubham Gupta: Okay. So do we expect after signing this when the delivery starts 
finally to them. So, do we expect our quantities, the volumes to go up 
rapidly and the share of Voltas in our total revenue to shrink? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: I already explained the breakup. So we are, of course, I mean, we 
definitely are working towards increasing our overall business with 
Voltas. But yes, the overall share of AC will definitely come down as 
a percentage in the total top line of the company. 
 
Shubham Gupta: Understood. And in financial year '26, the guidance you gave. So 
could you also throw some light on the product -wise breakup of 
revenue and EBITDA? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Okay. So this also, I mentioned about ₹100 crores, ₹150 crores from 
refrigeration, ₹150 crores from EMS and lighting, ₹50 crores from 
components and the newer verticals and the rest from AC. 
 
===== PAGE 26 of 29 =====
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
H2 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
June 04, 2025 
 
Page 25 of 28 
 
Shubham Gupta: And on the EBITDA margin side, product wise as well? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: I don't have the exact numbers, but the rough guidance in AC, of 
course, is a blended margin of about 7%, 8% in AC , freezer business, 
roughly 10% to 12%, refrigeration business 10% to 12%, and lighting 
business about 12% to 14%. 
 
Shubham Gupta: Okay. Thank you. That's all from my side. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you.  We'll take the next follow -up question from Manan 
Madlani. Manan, you can unmute and ask. 
 
Manan Madlani: Yeah, thanks for the opportunity.  So my question is, again, regarding 
the compressor. Correct me if I'm wrong, did you mention there is no 
revenue sharing with our technology partner for the compressor? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: There is, of course, no revenue sharing. The only thing is that the 
components that we buy from them will already include their revenue. 
I mean, it is, of course, revenue to them. 
 
Manan Madlani: Okay. Yes, that's fair enough. Now assuming the BIS will stay, and 
we are having a 2.8 million, that's somewhere around 15% of overall 
market capacity we are having, right? So what sort of plan going 
ahead? Do we plan to increase this capacity to, let's say 4 million or 
4.5 million or any number in next two to three years? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: So this is for refrigeration market. Refrigeration market is roughly 20 
million today in India, 20 million to 22 million as far as compressor is 
concerned, the compressor that we are manufacturing. The addressable 
market for us is about 20 million, 22 million. Out of this market, 12 
million to 14 million is currently being imported, and the remaining 6 
million, 7 million is being made locally by mostly Korean companies 
and one Indian brand. The remaining 12% to 14% continues to be 
imported. 
 
So we definitely have a scope to increase capacities, but that depends 
on how the government behaves whether the government extends or 
does not extend BIS next year. If the government does not extend BIS 
next year and we get good volume bookings, then we will look at 
expanding and adding another line. If the government extends it by 
another year, then we will have to wait for another year before we 
expand. So if our expansion will happen, we definitely want to 
===== PAGE 27 of 29 =====
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
H2 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
June 04, 2025 
 
Page 26 of 28 
 
expand. But if the expansion happens in '26 -'27 or '27-'28 will depend 
on the extension of BIS. 
 
Manan Madlani: Okay. And what will be the cash outflow in terms of investment for 
next year and FY '27, you mentioned ₹250 crores of CapEx. But in 
terms of cash outflow? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: In terms of cash outflow for? 
 
Manan Madlani: CapEx? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: So I mean, whatever CapEx we do will be a cash outflow, sorry? 
 
Manan Madlani: So we have already invested ₹50 crores. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: We have invested about ₹150 crores, and we're looking at about ₹100 
crores odd number this year also. 
 
Manan Madlani: Okay. And for FY '27? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: We are yet to finali se that figure. We will share it with you probably 
in due course. 
 
Manan Madlani: Okay. And one last question. So our gross margins in FY '24 were 
somewhere around 13.6%, this year it was 13.2%, what would be that 
number for current year? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Similar, maybe plus/minus 0.5%, depends on the product mix and how 
much price pressure and the buying situation of components , and I 
mean, a lot of smaller factors, but similar ranges. 
 
Manan Madlani: Okay. Thank you so much and I wish you all the best. Thank you. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. W e'll take the next question from Bhuvaneswaran.  
Bhuvaneswaran, you can unmute and ask. 
 
Bhuvaneswaran: Thank you for the follow -up. The promoter holding, your holding has 
been decreased by 3 percentage by quarter. What is on takeout on 
that? 
 
===== PAGE 28 of 29 =====
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
H2 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
June 04, 2025 
 
Page 27 of 28 
 
Sukrit Bharati: The warrants got converted to shares. We have not sold any shares 
that the reduction in promoter holdings is because of increase in the 
total number of shares in the company. 
 
Bhuvaneswaran: Okay. Another question. Our competitors has higher market cap and 
growing at the stage of 50% to 60%. But we are in this market cap and 
growing 30% to 40%. This makes investors less attractive to Virtuoso. 
What is your take on that? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: See everybody has their own growth curves. And every company has 
a journey where certain years you have to lay your foundation , and 
then use that foundation to grow in the next few years. So I believe we 
are also in a sta ge where we are growing our product base. We are 
increasing our capacities. And hopefully, we see better growth in the 
years ahead. 
 
Also, another factor that you have to consider in some segments last 
few years, there was lesser competition. Now competition also is 
increasing. We were also replacing China import in certain products. 
which happened very quickly. Now once that import is completed, I 
mean the replacement is complete, then the growth depends on the 
overall growth in the local market. 
 
So there are multiple factors at play. It is very difficult to say one is 
better than the other or not. But we are optimistic that we'll continue 
growing. And having a stronger foundation, I believe is more 
important for us than just a growth number. 
 
Bhuvaneswaran: Thank you. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: We'll take the next follow -up from Kunal Tokas.  Kunal, you can 
unmute and ask. 
 
Kunal Tokas: Okay. Just two quick clarifications. First is, you said the compressor 
could have a margin of 7% to 8%, which can go even higher if the BIS 
is not extended. So what would the approximate cost differential be 
between, say importing from China and making it here? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: With the stages that we are doing now, I believe about 3% to 5%. 
 
Kunal Tokas: 3% to 5%. And your guidance for the PAT margin for this year, was it 
3%? 
===== PAGE 29 of 29 =====
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) 
H2 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call 
June 04, 2025 
 
Page 28 of 28 
 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Between 2.5% and 3%, yes. 
 
Kunal Tokas: All right. Thank you very much. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. W e'll take the last question from the line of Siddhanth.  
Siddhanth, you can unmute and ask. 
 
Siddhanth: Yeah, one last question. After the conversion of the pref and warrants, 
we are looking at a total paid-up share capital of ₹3 Cr? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Yes, ₹2.95 Cr, I think number close to that. 
 
Siddhanth: Yes. Like ₹73 lakhs plus the current of ₹2.3 Cr, right? 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Correct. The entire ₹73 lakhs did not go through at that time. I think 
the current number is ₹29.5 or ₹29.6 Cr. 
 
Siddhanth: ₹29.6 Cr. Okay. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Since that was the last question, I would request, if you 
have any closing comments. 
 
Sukrit Bharati: Thank you all once again for joining and taking the time. We look 
forward to connecting with you soon again. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Thank you to all the participants for joining the call, and 
thank you to the management. This brings us to the end of today's call. 
Thank you. You may all end the call. 