[page 1]
 
Corporate and Regd. Office 
Awfis Space Solutions Limited 
C-28-29, Kissan Bhawan, Qutab Institutional Area, New Delhi – 110016 
www.awfis.com | Email: info@awfis.com | Phone: 011- 69000657 
 
CIN: L74999DL2014PLC274236 
Date: May 07, 2026 
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(“NSE”) 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, C-1 Block G, Bandra Kurla 
Complex Bandra [E], Mumbai – 400051 
To, 
BSE Limited (“BSE”) 
Listing Department 
Corporate Relationship Department  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai – 400001  
NSE Scrip Symbol: AWFIS BSE Scrip Code: 544181 
ISIN: INE108V01019 ISIN: INE108V01019 
 
Subject: Press Release - Awfis expands its footprint in Chennai, Unveils ~ 114,000 sq. ft. of Premium 
Workspace 
 
Dear Sir(s)/Madam(s), 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, enclosed herewith is the press release  dated May 07, 2026, titled Awfis expands its footprint 
in Chennai, Unveils ~ 114,000 sq. ft. of Premium Workspace.  
 
The contents of the press release give full details. 
 
The above information will also be available on the website of the Company at  
https://www.awfis.com/investor-relations/initial-public-offer/compnayAnnouncement. 
 
We request you to kindly take this on your record. 
 
Thanking You. 
 
For Awfis Space Solutions Limited 
 
 
 
 
Shweta Gupta 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
M. No. F8573 
Address: C-28-29, Kissan Bhawan,  
Qutab Institutional Area, New Delhi – 110016 
 
Encl: as above 
awfis 
[page 2]
 
Awfis expands its footprint in Chennai, Unveils ~ 114,000 sq. ft. of Premium 
Workspace  
 
National, 07th May, 2026 : Awfis Space Solutions Limited (Awfis), India's largest flexible 
workspace solutions provider, has announced the launch of two new centres in Chennai. The 
centre at Olympia Crystal, Guindy , spans approximately 56,360 sq. ft. across four floors, while 
the centre at DLF Cyber City offers 5 7,802 sq. ft. of chargeable area  and is also an Awfis Gold 
centre. With these additions, Awfis’ total footprint in Chennai has expanded to 28 centres, 
covering ~875,000 sq. ft., further strengthening its presence in one of South India's key 
commercial markets. 
 
Olympia Crystal is a premium commercial building located in Guindy, Chennai's prominent IT 
corridor, offering state-of-the-art infrastructure and connectivity. Furthermore, DLF Cyber City 
is situated in the heart of Chennai's western IT corridor , a world-class integrated campus that 
enables a walk-to-work culture with premium infrastructure. Both these centres are located in 
Grade A developments, providing businesses with strategic access to the city's key 
commercial districts, major transportation hubs, and proximity to Chennai's thriving 
technology ecosystem. 
 
The new centre design focuses on efficiency, functionality, and consistent user experience, 
making it an ideal choice for enterprises and professionals. Chennai's flexible office sector has 
witnessed unprecedented expansion, with a remarkable 5.6x growth t rajectory that has 
brought the city's total flexible office stock to approximately 8.5 m illion square feet. as of early 
2026. The landscape has shifted toward enterprise adoption, with Global Capability Centres 
(GCCs) accounting for 51% of the demand in 2025, as large corporations increasingly embrace 
managed offices to keep capital expenditure low and flexibility high, moving away from long-
term traditional leases. 
 
Commenting on the launch, Amit Ramani, CMD, Awfis Space Solutions Limited , said, "The 
Chennai market exemplifies the future of enterprise workspace strategy in India. We are  
witnessing a fundamental reimagining of how organizations think about real estate: as a 
strategic enabler of business agility. The expansion in Olympia Crystal, Guindy , and DLF Cyber 
City, Manapakkam, represents our commitment to creating future- ready environments in the 
city's most accessible and prestigious business districts, giving our clients the operational 
flexibility they need as markets evolve." 
 
Awfis’ expansion continues to grow  by strong underlying demand from enterprise clients and 
global capability centres (GCCs), along with increasing adoption of flexible workspace models 
across industries. The company has seen consistent growth in its network, with over 200 centres 
across 18 cities, serving a diversified client base of more than 3, 400 + organizations. This scale 
is complemented by healthy occupancy levels and a rising share of large enterprise clients, 
reflecting deeper client relationships and growing multi-city mandates. 
awfis 
[page 3]
 
 
The company has also been strengthening its integrated service offerings, including design, 
build, and allied services, enabling it to support clients across the full workspace lifecycle. This 
broader platform approach, combined with a growing presence in premium centres, positions 
the company to capture long-term demand from both domestic enterprises and global firms 
looking to expand in India. 
 
About Awfis Space Solutions Limited  
Awfis Space Solutions Ltd. (‘Awfis’) is India’s largest and first listed flexible workspace solutions 
provider of modern workspaces. The company enables small and large corporates to 
seamlessly book and utilise workspaces as per their requirement and conve nience. The 
comprehensive suite of solutions includes Flex Space Solutions (Coworking and Enterprise 
Solutions), Design & Build, and Allied Services, enhancing customer service. With a strong 
presence in 18 cities and 2 00+ centres, Awfis serves 3400+ clients across diverse industries, 
ensuring scalable and adaptable workspace solutions for businesses of all sizes. The figures 
include operational and fit -out centres and seats. For more information, please log on to 
www.awfis.com. In addition, connect with us on Facebook, Instagram, YouTube, and LinkedIn. 
 
Safe Harbour Statement 
Statements in this document relating to future status, events, or circumstances, including but 
not limited to statements about plans and objectives, the progress and results of research and 
development, potential product characteristics and uses, product sales potential and target 
dates for product launch are forward-looking statements based on estimates and the 
anticipated effects of future events on current and developing circumstances Such statements 
are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties and ar e not necessarily predictive of future 
results. Actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in the forward- looking 
statements. The company assumes no obligation to update forward- looking statements to 
reflect actual results, changed assumptions, or other factors.  
 
 
 
Vidya Morajkar 
AVP - Corporate Communication 
M - 9819457848  
E- vidya.morajkar@awfis.com 
Avni Gupta 
Sr. Manager - PR 
M - 9910940006 
E - avni.gupta@awfis.com 
 
 
 
 
 
For Media queries, please contact. 
awfis 
