
===== PAGE 1 =====
 
1 CARE Ratings Ltd. 
 
Press Release  
Modison Limited 
December 30, 2025  
 
Facilities/Instruments Amount (₹ crore) Rating1 Rating Action 
Long-term bank facilities 115.00 
 (Enhanced from 90.00) CARE A; Stable Reaffirmed 
Long-term / Short-term bank facilities 25.00 CARE A; Stable / CARE A1 Assigned 
Short-term bank facilities 17.50 CARE A1 Reaffirmed 
Details of instruments/facilities in Annexure-1. 
 
Rationale and key rating drivers 
Reaffirmation of ratings to bank facilities of Modison Limited (Modison) factors in its growth in scale of operations and profitability 
in FY25 (FY refers to period from April 01 to March 31) and H1FY26 (H1 refers to period from April 01 to September 30) considering 
rising input prices and better absorption of fixed costs. However, due to rising input prices, there has been substantial inc rease 
in debt in form of higher working capital borrowings. CARE Ratings Limited (CareEdge Ratings) notes that despite increase in 
debt, its leverage and debt coverage indicators remained at comfortable level, which is expected to improve going forward. 
 
Ratings continue to derive strength from its experienced promoters, strong market position in India in manufacturing electrical 
contacts and reputed customer and supplier base. Ratings further derive strength from its moderate scale of operations, 
comfortable capital structure and debt coverage indicators, and adequate liquidity position. 
 
However, rating strengths continue to remain constrained by elongated working capital cycle and profitability susceptible to 
fluctuations in raw material prices and foreign exchange rates. 
 
Rating sensitivities: Factors likely to lead to rating actions 
Positive factors 
• Improvement in profit before interest, lease rentals, depreciation and tax (PBILDT) margin to over 15% on a 
sustained basis and return on capital employed (ROCE) of 18%. 
• Operating cycle below 90 days on a sustained basis. 
 
Negative factors  
• Deterioration in PBILDT margin below 7% on a sustained basis. 
• Deterioration in overall gearing above 0.30x and total debt to PBILDT (TD/PBILDT) above 1.50x on a sustained 
basis. 
 
Analytical approach: Standalone 
 
Outlook: Stable 
Stable outlook reflects CareEdge Ratings’ expectation that the company will continue to benefit from its established and reputed 
customer base and sustain its financial risk profile in the medium term. 
Detailed description of key rating drivers: 
 
Key strengths 
Strong business profile  
Modison is a leading manufacturer of silver/copper/tungsten based electrical contacts for high, medium and low voltage (HV, MV 
& LV) switchgears, serving domestic and international markets. Modison has an integrated presence, encompassing silver refining, 
production of electrical contact materials, and manufacturing of finished contacts. LV (including MV) and HV contribute ~80% 
and 20% respectively to the company’s net sales. 
 
Established customer and supplier base  
Modison has an established customer base, catering to some of the top switchgear manufacturers in India. Top five customers 
account for ~45% of total operating income (TOI). Further, Modison procures its key raw materials such as silver, copper and 
tungsten from reputed suppliers. Top five suppliers account for ~60-65% of purchases.  
 
 
1Complete definition of ratings assigned are available at www.careratings.com and other CARE Ratings Limited’s publications.  
===== PAGE 2 =====
 
2 CARE Ratings Ltd. 
 
Press Release  
The company’s high dependence on customers and suppliers leads to concentration risk. However, long -term relationship with 
them helps mitigate risks to a large extent.  
 
Growing-yet-moderate scale of operations  
In FY25, the company’s TOI grew by ~21% to ₹491.64 crore (PY: ₹404.79 crore), largely driven by improved sales realisations 
considering rising input prices, mainly silver. The company reported TOI of ₹282.83 crore in H1FY26, a growth of ~17% on y-o-
y basis. Going forward, growth will be mainly driven by improved sales realisations in the LV segment and higher demand in the 
HV segment. 
 
Comfortable capital structure and debt coverage indicators despite increase in debt levels 
Modison’s debt profile consist of working capital borrowings and minimal term debt. Capital structure moderated but continued to 
remain comfortable with overall gearing of 0.34x as on March 31, 2025 (PY: 0.16x) , due to higher utilisation of working capital 
limits. This further moderated in H1FY26 to meet the incremental working capital required in light of significant increase in key 
input prices, mainly silver prices. Modison has availed additional working capital limits for the same.  
 
Debt coverage indicators deteriorated but continued to remain comfortable with total debt to gross cash accruals (TD/GCA) and  
interest coverage of 2.16x and 7.83x respectively in FY25 (PY: 1.12x and 11.04x respectively).  TD/PBILDT moderated but stood 
comfortable at 1.56x in FY25 (PY: 0.98x).  Going forward, CareEdge Ratings expects company to maintain its comfortable debt 
coverage indicators supported by improvement in profitability in the near term. 
 
Experienced promoters and long track record of operations  
Modison was established by Girdharilal Modi in 1965 as a trading unit. A decade later in 1975, the first manufacturing facility was 
set up in Mumbai for refining of silver. In 1978, the promoter started manufacturing of electrical contacts. Girdharilal Mod i has 
over four decades of experience in the electrical equipment industry and has been instrumental in establishing the company as  
one of the leading electrical contacts manufacturing companies in India. He is supported by Jay Kumar Modi (son), Rajkumar 
Modi (relative) and Murli Nikam (CEO). Promoters are well -supported by a qualified team of professionals with significant 
experience in their respective fields. 
 
Key weaknesses 
Fluctuating profitability with raw material price volatility and forex rates  
Over the years, PBILDT margin has remained fluctuating primarily due to volatile input prices and competitive pressure in the  
global market. In FY25, PBILDT margin improved to 9.51% (PY: 7.96%) and further improved to 10.80% in H1FY26, primarily 
driven by improvement in scale of operations leading to better absorption of fixed costs. 
  
Modison is exposed to the inherent risk of price fluctuations in its major raw materials, particularly silver, which accounts for ~75 
80% of raw material purchases. The company follows an order-backed procurement policy, which mitigates volatility risk to some 
extent. Also, Modison hedges part of its inventory, depending on market dynamics. However, the company does not have a 
defined hedging policy. The company is also exposed to fluctuations in forex rates with ~15% of net sales from exports and ~7% 
of purchases from imports. Modison follows natural hedging and also enters forex forward contracts to mitigate foreign currency 
risk.  
 
The profit after tax (PAT) margin remained stable at 5.02% in FY25 (PY: 5.27%). Profitability margins remain monitorable with  
fluctuations in silver prices and forex rates. 
 
Elongated working capital cycle  
The company’s operations remain working capital intensive with gross current asset of 161 days and operating cycle of 139 days 
in FY25 (PY: 158 days and 128 days respectively). Most of the working capital is blocked in inventory, as Modison needs to 
maintain sufficient inventory for continuous manufacturing requirements. Modison generally gives a credit period of ~60 to 90 
days to its customers. Considering the reputed customer profile, credit risk remains low.  
 
With higher inventory holding period, higher collection period and minimal creditors’ period, the operating cycle is elongate d. 
Currently, working capital requirements are funded through a mix of internal accruals and working capital limits from banks. 
 
 
 
 
===== PAGE 3 =====
 
3 CARE Ratings Ltd. 
 
Press Release  
Liquidity: Adequate 
The company’s liquidity position continues to remain adequate as marked by annual GCA of ₹38-40 crore against low repayment 
obligations of less than ₹0.25 crore. Average maximum utilisation of fund-based limits and non-fund-based limits stood at ~85% 
and ~15% respectively for 12 -months ended October 31, 2025 , which has increased to support its increasing working capital 
requirements. Cash flow from operations remained negative and free cash and bank balance stood at modest levels in FY25. 
 
Assumptions/Covenants – Not applicable 
 
Environment, social, and governance (ESG) risks – Not applicable 
 
Applicable criteria 
Definition of Default 
Liquidity Analysis of Non-financial sector entities 
Rating Outlook and Rating Watch 
Manufacturing Companies 
Financial Ratios – Non financial Sector 
Short Term Instruments 
 
About the company and industry 
Industry classification 
Macroeconomic indicator Sector Industry Basic industry 
Industrials Capital Goods  Electrical Equipment  Other Electrical Equipment  
 
Established by Girdharilal Modi, Modison (CIN No: L51900MH1983PLC029783) is engaged in manufacturing electrical contacts for 
LV, MV and HV switchgears. Modison’s manufacturing facility is in Vapi, Gujarat.  
Its group company, Modison Copper Private Limited (MCPL; rated CARE BBB+; Stable/ CARE A3+) was established in 1995 and 
is engaged in manufacturing copper alloy products catering to industries such as switchgear (used in HV electrical contacts),  
automotive and railways among others. 
 
Brief Financials (₹ crore) March 31, 2024 (A) March 31, 2025 (A) H1FY26 (UA) 
Total operating income 404.79 491.64 282.83 
PBILDT* 32.22 46.74 30.55 
Profit after tax (PAT) 21.34 24.68 16.45 
Overall gearing (x) 0.16 0.34 0.38 
Interest coverage (x) 11.04 7.83 8.26 
A: Audited; UA: Unaudited; Note: these are latest available financial results 
*PBILDT: Profit before interest, lease rentals, depreciation and tax 
 
Status of non-cooperation with previous CRA: Not applicable 
 
Any other information: Not applicable 
 
Rating history for last three years: Annexure-2 
 
Detailed explanation of covenants of rated instrument / facility: Annexure-3 
 
Complexity level of instruments rated: Annexure-4 
 
Lender details: Annexure-5 
 
  
===== PAGE 4 =====
 
4 CARE Ratings Ltd. 
 
Press Release  
Annexure-1: Details of instruments/facilities   
Name of the 
Instrument ISIN 
Date of 
Issuance 
(DD-MM-
YYYY) 
Coupon 
Rate (%) 
Maturity 
Date (DD-
MM-YYYY) 
Size of the 
Issue 
(₹ crore) 
Rating 
Assigned and 
Rating 
Outlook 
Fund-based - LT-
Cash Credit  - - - 115.00 CARE A; Stable 
Fund-based/Non-
fund-based-LT/ST  - - - 25.00 CARE A; Stable 
/ CARE A1 
Non-fund-based - 
ST-BG/LC  - - - 17.50 CARE A1 
 
Annexure-2: Rating history for last three years 
Sr. No. 
Name of the 
Instrument/Bank 
Facilities 
Current Ratings  Rating History 
Type  
Amount 
Outstanding 
(₹ crore)  
Rating  
Date(s) 
and 
Rating(s) 
assigned 
in 2025-
2026 
Date(s) 
and 
Rating(s) 
assigned 
in 2024-
2025 
Date(s) 
and 
Rating(s) 
assigned 
in 2023-
2024 
Date(s) 
and 
Rating(s) 
assigned in 
2022-2023 
1 Fund-based - LT-
Term Loan LT - - - - - 
1)Withdrawn  
(24-Mar-23) 
 
2)CARE A; 
Negative  
(17-Feb-23) 
 
3)CARE A; 
Stable  
(07-Apr-22) 
2 Fund-based - LT-
Cash Credit LT 115.00 
CARE 
A; 
Stable 
- 
1)CARE A; 
Stable  
(30-Dec-
24) 
1)CARE A; 
Stable  
(05-Jan-
24) 
1)CARE A; 
Negative  
(24-Mar-23) 
 
2)CARE A; 
Negative  
(17-Feb-23) 
 
3)CARE A; 
Stable  
(07-Apr-22) 
3 Non-fund-based - 
ST-BG/LC ST 17.50 CARE 
A1 - 
1)CARE 
A1  
(30-Dec-
24) 
1)CARE 
A1  
(05-Jan-
24) 
1)CARE A1  
(24-Mar-23) 
 
2)CARE A1  
(17-Feb-23) 
 
3)CARE A1  
(07-Apr-22) 
4 Fund-based/Non-
fund-based-LT/ST LT/ST 25.00 
CARE 
A; 
Stable / 
CARE 
A1 
    
LT: Long term; ST: Short term; LT/ST: Long term/Short term 
 
===== PAGE 5 =====
 
5 CARE Ratings Ltd. 
 
Press Release  
Annexure-3: Detailed explanation of covenants of rated instruments/facilities – Not applicable 
Annexure-4: Complexity level of instruments rated 
Sr. No. Name of the Instrument Complexity Level 
1 Fund-based - LT-Cash Credit Simple 
2 Fund-based/Non-fund-based-LT/ST Simple 
3 Non-fund-based - ST-BG/LC Simple 
 
Annexure-5: Lender details 
To view lender-wise details of bank facilities please click here 
 
Note on complexity levels of rated instruments: CareEdge Ratings has classified instruments rated by it based on 
complexity. Investors/market intermediaries/regulators or others are welcome to write to care@careedge.in for clarifications. 
 
  
===== PAGE 6 =====
 
6 CARE Ratings Ltd. 
 
Press Release  
Contact us 
 
Media Contact      
   
Mradul Mishra 
Director 
CARE Ratings Limited 
Phone: +91-22-6754 3596 
E-mail: mradul.mishra@careedge.in 
 
Relationship Contact  
 
Ankur Sachdeva 
Senior Director 
CARE Ratings Limited 
Phone: 912267543444 
E-mail: Ankur.sachdeva@careedge.in 
 
 
 
 
Analytical Contacts 
 
Akhil Goyal 
Director 
CARE Ratings Limited 
Phone: 022-67543590 
E-mail: akhil.goyal@careedge.in 
 
Ashish Kashalkar 
Associate Director 
CARE Ratings Limited 
Phone: 9102040009009 
E-mail: Ashish.Kashalkar@careedge.in 
 
Aashvi Shah 
Lead Analyst 
CARE Ratings Limited 
E-mail: Aashvi.Shah@careedge.in 
 
 
About us:  
Established in 1993, CareEdge Ratings is one of the leading credit rating agencies in India. Registered under the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India, it has been acknowledged as an External Credit Assessment Institution by the Reserve Bank of India. 
With an equitable position in the Indian capital market, CareEdge Ratings provides a wide array of credit rating services that help 
corporates raise capital and enable investors to make informed decisions. With an established track record of rating companie s 
over almost three decades, CareEdge Ratings follows a robust and transparent rating process that leverages its domain and 
analytical expertise, backed by the methodologies congruent with the international best practices. CareEdge Ratings has playe d 
a pivo tal role in developing bank debt and capital market instruments, including commercial papers, corporate bonds and 
debentures, and structured credit. For more information: www.careratings.com 
 
Disclaimer: 
This disclaimer pertains to the ratings issued and content published by CARE Ratings Limited (“CareEdge Ratings”). Ratings ar e opinions on the likelihood of timely 
payment of the obligations under the rated instrument and are not recommendations to sanctio n, renew, disburse, or recall the concerned bank facilities or to buy, 
sell, or hold any security. Any opinions expressed herein are in good faith and are subject to change without notice. The rat ing reflects the opinions as on the date of 
the rating. A rating does not convey suitability or price for the investor. The rating agency does not conduct an audit on the rated entity or an independent verification 
of any information it receives and/or relies on for the rating exercise. CareEdge Ratings has based i ts ratings/outlook on the information obtained from reliable and 
credible sources. CareEdge Ratings does not, however, guarantee the accuracy, adequacy, or completeness of any information an d is not responsible for any errors 
or omissions and the results obtained from the use of such information. The users of the rating should rely on their own judgment and may take professional  advice 
while using the rating in any way. CareEdge Ratings shall not be liable for any losses that user may incur or any financial liability whatsoever to the user of the rating. 
The use or access of the rating does not create a client relationship between CareEdge Ratings and the user.  
CAREEDGE RATINGS DISCLAIMS WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR OTHER WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY 
APPLICABLE LAWS, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, ERROR -FREE, NON -INFRINGEMENT, NON -INTERRUPTION, 
SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR INTENDED USAGE.  
Most entities whose bank facilities/instruments are rated by CareEdge Ratings have paid a credit rating fee, based on the amount and type of bank facilities/instruments. 
CareEdge Ratings or its subsidiaries/associates may also be involved with other commercial transactions with the entity. Care Edge Ratings does not act as a fiduciary 
by providing the rating. The ratings are intended for use only within the jurisdiction of India. The ratings of CareEdge Ratings do not factor in any rating-related trigger 
clauses as per the terms of the facilities/instruments, which may involv e acceleration of payments in case of rating downgrades. However, if any such clauses are 
introduced and triggered, the ratings may see volatility and sharp downgrades. CareEdge Ratings has established policies and procedures as required under applicable 
laws and regulations which are available on its website. 
 
Privacy Policy applies. For Privacy Policy please refer to https://www.careratings.com/privacy_policy 
 
© 2025, CARE Ratings Limited. All Rights Reserved.  
This content is being published for the purpose of dissemination of information. Any use or reference to the contents herein on an “as-is” basis is permitted with due 
acknowledgement to CARE Ratings. Reproduction or retransmission in whole or in part is pr ohibited except with prior written consent from CARE Ratings.  
 
For detailed Rating Report and subscription information,  
please visit www.careratings.com 