SOURCE: inputs/concalls/Concall_Feb_2026_Transcript.pdf
PAGES: 16


===== PAGE 1 =====
 
 Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“MAN Industries India Limited Q3 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
February 09, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. RAMESH CHANDRA MANSUKHANI – CHAIRMAN 
MR. NIKHIL MANSUKHANI– MANAGING DIRECTOR  
MR. SANDEEP KUMAR GARG – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. RAHUL RAWAT – COMPANY SECRETARY 
MR. VIJAY GYANCHANDANI – DEPUTY GENERAL MANAGER 
 
MODERATOR: MR. RONAK OSTHWAL – ARIHANT CAPITAL MARKETS LTD 


===== PAGE 2 =====
 MAN Industries India Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
 Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the M AN Industries India Limited Q3 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Arihant Capital Markets Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’, then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. R onak Osthwal from Ari hant Capital. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Ronak Osthwal: Thank you. Good evening and welcome , everyone. On behalf of Ari hant Capital L imited, we 
invite you to MAN Industries India Limited Quarter 3 and 9-month FY '26 Earnings Conference 
Call. 
From the management side, we have Dr. Ramesh Chandra Mansukhani - Chairman; Mr. Nikhil 
Mansukhani - Managing Director; Mr. Sandeep Kumar  - Chief Financial Officer ; Mr. Rahul 
Rawat - Company Secretary and Mr. Vijay Gyanchandani – DGM, Investor Relations. 
So without any further delay, I will now hand over the call to the Management for their opening 
remarks. Over to you, sir. 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI: Yes. Good evening, everyone. I warmly welcome you all to our Q3 and 9-month FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call. 
Let us start with the key business highlights for the quarter: 
We are pleased to report the highest ever quarterly EBITDA and PAT margin in the company's 
history, reflecting our sustained focus on product mix optimization, strong operational 
discipline, and effective cost management. Export markets continue to perform well, supported 
by healthy order inflows and inquiries, particularly from MENA regions, Southeast Asia, CIS 
countries, Africa, and Asia-Pacific. 
Exports remain a key growth driver, accounting for 83% of the order book. This underscores the 
growing global confidence in our technical capabilities, execution track record, and ability to 
deliver complex, large-diameter pipe solutions. Within the export mix, LSAW pipes constitute 
80%, which is an increasing contribution from our value -added offerings, such as specialized 
coating and bends. 
On the domestic front, the early green shootouts are visible, with gradual recovery reflected in 
selective order wins during the quarter from oil and gas companies and EPC players. 
Additionally, the recent union budget announcement on the revival of J al Jeevan Mission, with 

===== PAGE 3 =====
 MAN Industries India Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
 Page 3 of 16 
proposed spending of approximately INR 67,000 crores, is expected to be significantly increase 
Central Government's expenditure on drinking water and sanitation in the next fiscal year. 
However, the pace of execution and grants to states remain key monitorables. Overall, we expect 
the domestic market to see a meaningful recovery in FY '27. As on date, our executable order 
book stands at approximately INR 4,000 crores, providing execution visibility over the next 6 -
12 months. With strong momentum continuing in the current quarter, we expect Q4 FY '26 to 
be among the best quarters in the company's history for its core business. Accordingly, we retired 
our original FY '26 revenue guidance of INR 3,600-INR 3,700 crores, and upgraded our margin 
guidance to 13%-14%, compared to the initial margin guidance of 11%-12%. 
Now, coming to the status of our strategic expansion: 
The company's strategic capacity expansion initiatives in Saudi Arabia and Jammu are 
progressing well, with key civil works and major equipment installations substantially 
completed. The Saudi facility is advancing as planned, and is expected to be completed b y Q1 
FY '27, and the Jammu facility also remains on track. Both projects will significantly strengthen 
our geographical reach, capacity and ability to participate in high -value contracts, ensuring 
diversified growth in the coming years. 
With that, I now hand over to our CFO  – Mr. Sandeep Kumar Garg, to review the financials. 
Over to you, Sandeep. 
Sandeep Kumar Garg: Thank you, sir. Good evening, everyone. I thank you all for joining the discussion for our Q3 
and 9-month FY '26 Financial Performance. 
Let us start with the key financial highlights: 
First, I will start with the consolidation results: 
Total income for Q3 FY '26 stood at INR 838.7 crores, a growth of 13.7% Y-o-Y basis, and 
2.9% on Q-o-Q basis. EBITDA grew by approximately 61.4% Y-o-Y to INR 136 crores, with 
margin expanding by 480 basis points, Y-o-Y to 16.2%, the highest ever in our history. Profit 
after tax grew by 61% Y-o-Y to INR 55 crores. 
In 9-month performance: 
Total income stood at INR 2,427 crores, up 4.5% Y-o-Y. EBITDA grew by approximately 47% 
Y-o-Y to INR 318 crores, reflecting sustained margin expansion across product lines. PAT stood 
at INR 120 crores, growing approximately 41% Y-o-Y, with cash profit increasing by 
approximately 47% Y-o-Y at INR 175.9 crores. On the balance sheet front, we continue to 
operate with a strong balance sheet. As on 31st December 2025, we have a net cash position of 
INR 38 crores. Overall, these results reflect strength of our business model, execution 
excellence, and strategic initiatives that are driving sustained profitable growth. 

===== PAGE 4 =====
 MAN Industries India Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
 Page 4 of 16 
Many of you must be thinking about sharp increase in our other expenses, Y-o-Y and Q-o-Q. 
The sharp increase in other expenses in Q 3 FY '26 are primarily driven by higher freight and 
logistic costs associated with fulfilling a significant portion of company's executed order under 
DDP, which is Delivered Duty Paid. 
With this, we would now open the floor for question-and-answer session. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We w ill now begin with the question -and-answer session. The first 
question comes from the line of Divyansh Thakur from Finterest Capital. Please go ahead. 
Divyansh Thakur: Good afternoon, sir.  Congratulations on a great set of numbers. S ir, you have upgraded the 
EBITDA margin guidance, isn't the upgrade also applicable for FY '27? Are we going to see 
13%-14% EBITDA margin? 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI: Yes, Divyansh. Thank you for your question. Yes, we should be trying to sustain 13 %-14% 
EBITDA margin for FY '27 as well. 
Sandeep Kumar Garg: At consolidated. 
Divyansh Thakur: And sir, any changes to the PAT margin for FY '27 as EBITDA margins have changed? 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI: They will be doing better. 
Sandeep Kumar Garg: They will increase in line with the EBITDA. 
Divyansh Thakur: Thank you so much, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Viraj Mahadevia from MoneyGrow. Please 
go ahead. 
Viraj Mahadevia: Hi. Congratulations on the fantastic numbers, especially the EBITDA margin up grade. Just a 
question regarding your current expansions. How much money is left to be spent between the 
Jammu and the Saudi facilities as yet? 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI: Approximately 75% is already spent out. The current is around 25% and then the trials and 
everything. 
Viraj Mahadevia: So maybe about INR 400 crores is pending to be spent? 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI: Yes, give or take. Around 25% would be INR 350-INR 400 crores. 
Viraj Mahadevia: Understood. And will this all be completed in Q4 or will it spill over to Q1 as well? 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI: Q1 for the Saudi and Jammu, I think, by Q2. 

===== PAGE 5 =====
 MAN Industries India Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
 Page 5 of 16 
Viraj Mahadevia: Q2. So by Q1 and Q2 next year and all of this will be spent? 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI : Q1 next year for the Saudi and Jammu. 
Viraj Mahadevia: Understood. And in terms of your current bid pipeline, what is the value of the bid pipeline? 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI: Around INR 11,500 crores currently. 
Viraj Mahadevia: INR 8,500 crores? 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI: INR 11,500 crores. 
Viraj Mahadevia: Thank you. All the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Fenil from Choice Institut ional Equities. 
Please go ahead. 
Fenil: Hi. Congratulations for the great result. I want to understand the revenue or cash flow from the 
real estate segment. So  what is the management on the cash flow or the revenue from the real 
estate segment? 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI: Yes. So real estate segment , Merino Shelters is now going to launch the project. It  is under 
RERA approval. And we should be launching it, which we gave to Paradise Group. And they 
should be launching it sometime in March 1st week. And this would generate an overall topline 
of around INR 600-INR 700 crores. This will come back into the company over the next 6 -7 
years. And there is no cost affiliated to this. This is purely the money coming back into the 
company. 
Fenil: And what will be the margin from this business? 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI: There is no cost to this. 
Fenil: So INR 600-INR 700 crores is our net profit, I can say. 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI: Yes. Net means not PAT. 
Fenil: Yes, but there will be no any cost. So we can consider like that. 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI: Correct. 
Fenil: And any guidance on a consolidated debt or what  is our average cost by end of quarter  and the 
interest cost? And what will be the range we can expect in the coming period? 
Sandeep Kumar Garg: The average borrowing cost is around in the range of 8%, between 8% and 8.5%. 

===== PAGE 6 =====
 MAN Industries India Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
 Page 6 of 16 
Fenil: And the range will sustain or? 
Sandeep Kumar Garg: No, it will remain in the same. 
Fenil: Great. That is all from my side. If I will get anything else, I will again come in the queue. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Darshil Jhaveri from Crown Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Hello. Good afternoon. Thank you so much for taking my question.  Firstly, congratulations on 
a great set of results. Hopefully, I am audible. 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI: Yes, we can hear you. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Yes. Hi. So just wanted to know like in terms of  our FY '27, what is the guidance that we can 
expect? Because Jammu is operating partially and Saudi is also operating partially, right? So 
what can that contribution be like? 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI: Darshil, we would be looking at approximately 25%-30% growth in FY '27 from FY '26. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Fair enough, sir. And just margins I wanted to ask because, in the last 2 quarters, we have done 
nearly 15% margin. So we are still guiding for like a bit lower than that, right, 13%-14%. So just 
wanted to know, like, are we being conservative or we feel that there are some one-offs in these 
that because of some project that we were able to churn the higher percentage. So going forward, 
we will be able to , I don't know, is this 15% also sustainable because we  have done it in 2 
quarters. Just wanted to ask about that. 
Sandeep Kumar Garg: Yes. See, looking at the console levels and currently , the order book and also Saudi, the way it 
is, the order book in Saudi, which looks positive, we feel that the EBITDA levels, we  will be 
able to manage between 13 % and 15%. And we would  rather be a little conservative and over  
perform, right. Everyone likes that. So we would rather be in the range of 11 %-13% and then 
try and deliver above 13%. But I think this is sustainable level currently for us. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Fair enough. Yes, that is good to know. And sir , just wanted to know, sir, like, next year, both 
of these projects will come online.  So will we have a higher depreciation, right? That cost we 
know, but what about the finance cost? Because we would be capitalizing some amount of 
finance costs, right  as the plant is still underway. So could you just quantify that, sir? What 
would be our expected finance cost? 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI: The finance cost at the console that is why you can see a difference between standalone and 
console, because the interest is being consolidated. That is why the standalone numbers are 
higher. As regards to, what was your second question on that, sorry, Darshil? 

===== PAGE 7 =====
 MAN Industries India Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
 Page 7 of 16 
Darshil Jhaveri: No, yes, just, so what I had thought of was that till the plant is not commercialized, we don't put 
it in P&L. Correct me if I  am wrong. I thought that would be going into some capital work in 
progress and not in our  balance sheet or in our P&L?  So just wanted to confirm that , so we 
account for all the extra finance cost in our P&L right now or is it in balance sheet? Because I 
thought that in FY '27, it would come in our P&L? 
Sandeep Kumar Garg: Practically, till the project gets its COD, all the costs are capitalized and after the COD will 
happen, it will go to the P&L. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Yes, so that is what I am saying. So there will be additional costs happening in FY '27, right? So 
what would that be? 
Sandeep Kumar Garg: That cost will increase depending on the loan. 
Darshil Jhaveri: I may be take it just offline. That is it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Rohan Baranwal from Trinetra Investment 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rohan Baranwal: Hello, sir. Can you please confirm the trial completion for the Saudi Dam mam plant, and also 
what would be the timeline for trial and the first year utilization assumption for the same, sir? 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI: So we would be completing in Q1 with the trials as well in Quarter 1 FY '27. And we are looking 
at around 50%-60% utilization in the year 1. 
Rohan Baranwal: And on the number side, can you quantify what would be the revenue recognition that you would 
be doing for the first year, like operation of the plant? 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI: INR 1,500 and INR 2,000 crores depending on the steel price and everything, it will be between 
INR 1,500 and INR 2,000 crores. 
Rohan Baranwal: Got it. And sir, can you provide us some details on the working capital side? What kind of 
incremental funding we would need on the inventory side or compared to the measures you have 
taken right now, sir? 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI: Majorly, it is from the non-fund-based side. And that would be approximately between the peak 
load if we are executing INR 1,500-INR 2,000 crores would be around INR 750-INR 900 crores 
of non-fund-based basically for LCs and BGs. 
Rohan Baranwal: Got it, sir. Thank you very much. That is it from my side, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of S atyan Wadhwa from Profusion 
Investment Advisor. Please go ahead. 

===== PAGE 8 =====
 MAN Industries India Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
 Page 8 of 16 
Satyan Wadhwa: Hi, very encouraging to hear margins are going to be higher. Just wanted to know what would 
be your expected revenue from Saudi and Jammu in FY '28 when they  are both operating at 
maybe 75%-80% utilization? What should we be expecting from that? 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI: So for FY '28, Saudi, we would be doing anywhere between INR 2,000-INR 2,500 crores, right. 
Satyan Wadhwa: And Jammu? 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI: Jammu, we would be at around INR 500 plus crores, INR 500-INR 600 crores. 
Satyan Wadhwa: Great. And margins in Jammu should be around 17%-18%, right? 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI: Yes. 
Satyan Wadhwa: And how does, if you don't mind, how does the whole duty drawback or GST benefit work? So 
do you charge GST but not book it as a cost? 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI: No. You book it and then you do all of it and then, one second, CFO will explain. 
Sandeep Kumar Garg: GST is never a cost because whatever GST paid on the input is taken as an input. Whatever we 
buy, GST input is available and same is available for export also. And for export, we get refund 
of the GST based on the export. You are talking about Jammu or our pipe business? 
Satyan Wadhwa: In Jammu, you get GST benefit for 3 times your capital expenditure, right? So that I assume 
would be on about INR 450-INR 500 crores extra land. Is that correct 
Sandeep Kumar Garg: Yes. 
Satyan Wadhwa: In your presentation, you said, right, 3X of investment in plant and machinery would be paid 
back in 10 years tenure in the form of GST credit? 
Sandeep Kumar Garg: Pay the GST. 
Satyan Wadhwa: Understand the mechanism of how this is paid back? 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI: No. We have to pay the GST, recover and pay the GST and then, we have to apply with that 
document to the government for a grant to get it repaid. 
Satyan Wadhwa: This will come, I guess, back to you like a year in a year. Like after a year, it starts to come back 
after your first year or so? 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI: Correct. So we have to account for it. We have to pay the tax for it. And then, we make this and 
we send it to the government and you get it every quarter. 

===== PAGE 9 =====
 MAN Industries India Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
 Page 9 of 16 
Satyan Wadhwa: Perfect. And the second question on this was 6% subsidy on interest. So do you, like say, if it is 
9% interest rate you get 6 back so it is net free or is it only 6% interest that you have to pay? 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI: 3.5% payback rate, yes. 
Satyan Wadhwa: So you get a 6% subsidy. So you only pay 3% on a 9% sort of interest rate, right? Correct? 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI: On the borrowing. 
Sandeep Kumar Garg: On the borrowing. 
Satyan Wadhwa: Right. Perfect. So you can run this for the next 5-7 years if you wanted to in terms of just cheap 
money, right? So just try to understand like housekeeping? 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI: Make the arbitrage on it, yes. 
Satyan Wadhwa: Yes. Perfect, great. Thank you and all the best. 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Kanan Sonpal from Capri Global Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Riken: Hi, sir. This is Riken here from Capri Global Family Office. First of all, congratulations on good 
performance as well as consistency on the margin front. Sir, firstly, I wanted to understand you 
sort of indicated that you will be able to maintain your clear guidance for this year which does 
imply almost 40% bare minimum kind of a growth that you see in the Quarter 4. Is it that you 
are seeing some large export order execution which is driving the kind of growth in Quarter 4 or 
what is it that is driving the growth in Quarter 4 if you can help understand? 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI: It is obviously execution of the existing orders in hand and most of them are for exports and plus 
these orders also which we got were always taken at a better margin and our execution has been 
very good, so we are trying to save certain percentage and that all is reflecting in the EBITDA. 
Riken: Got it. That is the first question. Second question is in terms of your margin trajectory from here 
on, if you could outline one or two headwinds and tailwinds that you see going into the next 
year? 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI: So see, currently with the order book and Saudi coming operational, we see we will be able to 
maintain between this 13 % to 15% EBITDA. We don't find any challenge in doing that , but 
looking at the commodities and the way commodities have really run up , going forward, every 
order cannot be, but I think it is safe to say for now that we will be at 13%-15% EBITDA which 
is somewhere we were working on in the last few years and we should be consistently able to 
achieve that. 

===== PAGE 10 =====
 MAN Industries India Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
 Page 10 of 16 
Riken: Got it, sir. And lastly, if you could not related to the quarters numbers, but you did indicate some 
kind of partnership or approval with Aramco in your press release sometime back. If you could 
outline what kind of opportunities can this offer us in the longer run? 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI: So this opportunities with Aramco with the current oil and gas business which the plant is being 
put up so there is an off -take agreement which would be in place once the plant is up . Early 
approvals and preference of being the local player to get more business and in the long term also 
there are a lot of other products which they are very keen and we are developing together and 
maybe in the long run, we get the opportunity to set up something specifically for Aramco and 
they would again have an off-take with us. So it is quite premature for me to tell exactly what it 
is, but we are working on it, it is pretty much work in progress, but it would give a big advantage 
to the company of being present there first preference of moving and getting margins in place. 
Rekin: Just a follow up. Does the domestic India business also benefit in any form from this kind of tie-
ups? 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI: Not really. 
Rekin: That is it from my side. Thank you so much and all the best. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Viraj Mahadevia from MoneyGrow. Please 
go ahead. 
Viraj Mahadevia: Hi, Viraj here again. In the past you indicated a topline potential of INR 6,500 crores for FY '27. 
Assuming you are sticking to your guidance for the press release of INR 3,700 crores and a 
growth of 50% that would imply a topline of about INR 4,800 crores for FY '27. Can you clarify 
on that please? 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI: Viraj, I think we will be able to achieve INR 5,500-INR 6,000 crores in FY '27 and those were 
the guidelines. But again it was, please understand that the guidelines of the turnover particularly 
the numbers cannot be hold on to like tight because the steel prices and commodity prices have 
really fluctuated over the last year and a half . And we have to look at the overall outlook and 
also the production numbers as well. So give or take if the prices of the steel by there, we will 
be able to achieve more than 50%-55% growth. On the conservative level, 30%-35% growth is 
like conservat ive and realistic. But our internal goal is at 50% -55% which our budgets and 
everything is set. 
Viraj Mahadevia: That is great. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Disha from Sapphire Capital. Please go 
ahead. 

===== PAGE 11 =====
 MAN Industries India Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
 Page 11 of 16 
Disha: Congratulations on good set of results, sir. Sir, you are mentioning you have INR 4,000 Cr order 
book currently. Was this the exit rate for this year, how we are targeting and I think you 
mentioned we have bid pipeline of INR 7,500 crores. So what will be the bill ratio? 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI: So bill is INR 11,500, not INR 7,500, INR 11,500. The bid ratio is 20%-30% is the average price 
of the wins. Currently, the order book is INR 4,000 crores. This year we would be as committed; 
we would be growing about 15%-20% standalone from last year. Last year standalone was INR 
3,130 crores without Merino. So, this year, we will grow around 15%-20% on the standalone 
basis. Yes, anything else, Disha? 
Disha: Yes, this Saudi and Jammu plant at optimal utilization, what sort of revenues are we targeting? 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI: So yes, now when it comes to the absolute optimization at around 75%-85% peak, which we can 
achieve approximately from Jammu and Saudi put together around INR 4,000-INR 4,500 crores, 
maybe even INR 5,000 crores. 
Disha: All right. Thank you so much. That is it from my side. All the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Sandeep Mathe ivanan from MoneyGrow 
Asset. Please go ahead. 
Sandeep Mathivanan: Thanks for the opportunit y. The question is related to like margin expansion which took place 
in this quarter. So is the improvement primarily driven by change in product mix or is it some 
temporary effect due to increase in commodity price? Thank you. 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI: No, it is not. This is basically value addition in the products, the businesses that we  have taken 
and also the internal systems which we have improved, which is overall giving us the betterment 
in the EBITDA. 
Sandeep Mathivanan: So sir, if you have the data, can you share like what percentage of the growth is driven by pricing 
and what percentage is driven by volume? 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI: Sorry. Pricing and what percentage by? 
Sandeep Mathivanan: Volume. 
Sandeep Kumar Garg: Sorry. Your voice is cracking. You are not audible. 
Sandeep Mathivanan: What percentage of projected growth is driven by pricing and volume? 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI: And volume? 
Sandeep Mathivanan: Yes. 

===== PAGE 12 =====
 MAN Industries India Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
 Page 12 of 16 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI: We can share the data with you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Nikhil Singh from Equivision Consulting. 
Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Singh: Hello. 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI: Hi. 
Nikhil Singh: Thank you for taking my question. So you have been guiding 20%-25% growth from the year's 
start. But when I see your quarter numbers, I don't see that kind of growth in Q1, Q2, Q3.  So 
what makes you so confident that you would be able to achieve those numbers in Q4? 
Sandeep Kumar Garg: We have a confirmed order. We have a shipment scheduled. But Q4, we are going to achieve a 
higher number, which will help us reaching our guided figure. 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI: Also, Nikhil, one very important thing. Our business cannot be looked on quarter-on-quarter. 
Our business is always looked at a holistic basis.  And we are very confident because we have 
our shipments lined out. Our production is already ongoing and quite a lot of it is already done. 
And we are shipping those products out. So we are more than confident to achieve the guidelines 
which are given by us. 
Nikhil Singh: One more question on your Saudi plant. As you have said that you do around INR 2,000 crores 
from Saudi plant in FY '27, what are your plans for FY '28 and beyond? Since Saudi is seeing a 
lot of demand for line pipes in their energy transition and their desalination plants. So what are 
your plans on expanding those Saudi plants beyond FY '27? 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI: So FY '27 guidance was between INR 1,500-INR 2,000 crores. FY '28 is between INR 2,000-
INR 2,500 crores. And we are confident between FY '29, it would probably go around INR 
2,500-INR 3,000 crores. So these are obviously, like we said, these are our expectation and 
estimation. Some orders which are in line pipe, which negotiations are going on , some Aramco 
orders which will come by FY '27 second half. So these are expected numbers. If there are some 
big order and we get it and we are able to churn it around, even the numbers can go up. Also, 
these numbers are fluctuating around 15%-20% depending on the commodities price. So that is 
what we are expecting. 
Nikhil Singh: Thank you. Thank you so much for answering my questions. That is it from my side. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Divyansh Thakur from Finte rest Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Divyansh Thakur: Sir, thanks for taking my question again. I wanted to ask that in the last call also you mentioned 
that from the Jammu plant it will be around INR 500 crores in the Fiscal Year ‘27. So are we not 

===== PAGE 13 =====
 MAN Industries India Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
 Page 13 of 16 
going to see a ramp up in FY '28? And you also gave a guidance of around INR 7,000 crores of 
revenue. Would you like to revise that? Thank you so much. 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI: Our guidance, as per the topline we will be able to achieve by 2028. But also the commodity 
prices also depend on that, right. So if the commodity prices are 20%-25%, it will be easier for 
us to achieve those guidelines versus if the commodity prices drop, obviously the volume has to 
go much higher to achieve the same numbers. So this is an expected guideline of what currently 
we are expecting the steel to be at and everything and the commodities to be at. 
Divyansh Thakur: Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Viraj Mahadevia from MoneyGrow. Please 
go ahead. 
Viraj Mahadevia: Hi Nikhil, quick question. Would you be able to give us a sense of the funds coming in from 
Merino, the real estate over the next few years? Is it more back-ended towards 2029-30? Or will 
we see some of it come earlier? And also, will those funds be prioritized for debt pay down? 
And when do you think you will become net debt free without any further expansion? 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI: The Merino revenues will start in FY '27 itself. We are expecting between INR 70-100 crores 
FY '27. And this will continue for around 6 -7 years approximately. The total revenue will be 
between INR 600-700 crores. There is no expense out, so this is all income which is coming into 
the company. This all money and the free cash flows will be used for reducing the debt portions 
in the company. And we see by 2030 , the numbers of debt are dramatically down. Some debt 
we won't pay on purpose because of the Jammu with the 6% interest benefit.  We would pay it 
down as per the dates given and not prepay it. But the rest of the debt we would like to use our 
free cash flow and everything for repaying the debt. And some other, if CAPEX planned out at 
a later stage, we will keep you posted. 
Viraj Mahadevia: Great. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Darshil Jhaveri from Crown Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Hello. Thank you so much for taking my question again. So sorry, this might be a bit of a 
repeated question. But I am just having some problems reconciling the numbers. So we are 
saying in the standalone business, we will have around 20%-25% growth. So that would maybe 
take us from INR 3,600-INR 4.500 on the upper end.  Jammu, we are thinking of around INR 
500 crores? 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI: I said 25%-30% growth on FY '27 on consolidated numbers. And I said internal guideline is 50-
55% with what we are seeing the numbers currently with Saudi and everything. But 25 %-30% 

===== PAGE 14 =====
 MAN Industries India Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
 Page 14 of 16 
is just a guideline that we are saying. But internal numbers are 50-55% which is on consolidated 
level, which is Saudi, which is India, and which is partially for Jammu as well for some quarters. 
Darshil Jhaveri: I get it. Because Saudi itself would be around INR 1,500 crores, right? That  is what we are 
targeting. I am not saying it  is a guidance that will be firmly holding. But around INR 1,500 
crores is the target that we have from Saudi itself, right? So that itself would increase our revenue 
by more than 30%, right , without even any growth in standalone or Jammu coming into play ? 
So that is why I just wanted to ask about that, sir.  So standalone, I am assuming we will have 
some growth. And Jammu is again a target and not going to catch hold of it. Just for our purposes 
that maybe this is the potential that we can reach. So Saudi is around INR 1,500. So Jammu from 
FY '27, what are we expecting, sir? 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI: We are expecting approximately INR 300 crores. 
Darshil Jhaveri: INR 300 crores, right. Fair enough, sir. That is it from my side. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Pun it Chokhani, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Punit Chokhani: Thank you for taking my question. I actually had two questions. One, when you say INR 2,000 
crores of revenue coming from Saudi, what percentage utilization are you factoring in?  And 
second question is if you can throw some light on how large is the Saudi market in terms of 
tonnage? Potentially, just want to get a sense of how large can a business like this be, say, 5 
years from now? 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI: So the consumption is almost 50% at INR 1,500-INR 2,000 crores. It  is at approximately of 
50%-55% level in Saudi. And the Saudi market, looking at the current Saudi market and our 
current capacity, we would be able to, probably if the market is very good and with the value -
added business of coating and everything, we would be maybe able to scale it up to 
approximately INR 4,500-INR 5,000 crores. 
Punit Chokhani: This is based on the commitments that you have as on date and what you see in terms of order 
pipeline, right? I just want to get a sense? 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI: It doesn't happen as per that. Basically, you have to see what kind of size, thickness of pipes 
comes. A lot of times, there is a single size and you run it across the year. Then you get a much 
better yield and output versus if you do multiple sizes, your tonnage drops. So your consumption 
is high, but your revenue is not because you  are not able to remove the same kind of tonnage 
which you would have removed in a different size.  So it is all variable. But that is what we do, 
that we see which best works for the size and output and also value, right? You want to get the 
best price and best EBITDA out of certain businesses. 

===== PAGE 15 =====
 MAN Industries India Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
 Page 15 of 16 
Punit Chokhani: Of course. Just one more question , in relation to M erino Shelters, which is the real estate 
business, you said about INR 600-INR 700 crores is what you expect to get over the next 3 -4 
years, right? How much percentage share is that of the total revenue that  is collected by your 
partner? 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI: 30% of the revenue which is going to come in, of the total revenue, is to Man Industries (Merino 
Shelters basically). 
Punit Chokhani: So INR 600-INR 700 crores is 30% of total collection, just to understand that, right? 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI: INR 600-INR 700 crores is 30% to the total collection. 
Punit Chokhani: Yes, great. Thank you. That is all from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Harsh Jain, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Harsh Jain: Hello. Good afternoon. So my question is on the line of the delay of the workflow. So why there 
is a delay in both the plants, Jammu as well as Saudi Arabia? So it would be operational in Q4, 
but now it will be in Q2 of FY '27. So can you please give me an update on that? 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI: So Saudi is pretty much on time. We are already doing the trials and everything. That is why we 
are confident of Q1 production.  Jammu is slightly delayed due to the war and the natural 
calamities of the flooding and everything which happened this year. So due to that, a lot of 
manpower, power, everyone came back  and then it took us quite a bit of time to restart and 
rebuild all the activities. And that is the main reason why it is running slightly delayed. 
Harsh Jain: Understood. And also, now your bid book is around INR 10,500 or INR 11,500. So earlier it was 
around INR 15,000 crores. So there is a lot of discrepancies. Can you throw me light on this? 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI: These are bid books. Basically, we keep bidding a lot of projects and the bid book actually 
changes very often, like we might be bidding hundreds of projects. And when the bids go away, 
certain we get, certain someone else get, certain we don't qualify. So when we say bid book is 
also if for taxation or duty reasons, we are not able to supply in that region. All those put together 
go into the bid book.  So that is why it is varying. And actually, if you see next month also, it 
will vary because every month we are bidding so many projects worldwide. 
Harsh Jain: Yes, sir. Understood. That is it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI: Thank you. Thank you everyone for the conference. 

===== PAGE 16 =====
 MAN Industries India Limited 
February 09, 2026 
 
 Page 16 of 16 
Sandeep Kumar Garg: Thanks all the participants in attending the call and showing confidence in our business and our 
results. Thank you very much. 
NIKHIL MANSUKHANI: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Arihant Capital Markets Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
