SOURCE: inputs/peer-concalls/WELCORP-Concall_Jul_2026_Transcript.pdf
PAGES: 27


===== PAGE 1 =====
 
  Page 1 of 27 
 
 
 
Welspun Corp Limited  
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
July 27, 2026 
 
 
 
       
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VIPUL MATHUR – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – WELSPUN CORP 
LIMITED 
 MR. PERCY BIRDY – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
WELSPUN CORP LIMITED 
 MR. YASHOVARDHAN AGARWAL – DIRECTOR – 
SINTEX 
 MR. GOUTAM CHAKRABORTY – HEAD, INVESTOR 
RELATION – WELSPUN CORP LIMITED 
 MR. HARSH RUNGTA – GROUP HEAD, INVESTOR 
RELATIONS – WELSPUN WORLD 
 
MODERATOR MR. SAILESH RAJA – 360 ONE CAPITAL MARKET 
RESEARCH 
 


===== PAGE 2 =====
          Welspun Corp Limited 
 July 27, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 27 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Welspun Corp Limited Q1 FY27 Earnings 
Conference Call, hosted by 360 ONE Capital Market Research. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions at 
the end of today's presentation. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touch -tone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
 I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Sailesh Raja from 360 ONE Capital Market 
Research. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sailesh Raja: Yes. Thank you, Manav, and welcome, everyone, to the call. We would like to thank Welspun 
Corp team for gi ving 360 ONE Capital the opportunity to host this interaction today. Without 
taking much time, I would now like to invite Mr. Goutam to introduce the management. Over to 
you, Goutam. 
Goutam Chakraborty: Thank you, Sailesh, and good afternoon, everyone. Wel come to Q1 FY27 Earnings Call of 
Welspun Corp Limited. On this forum today, we have Mr. Vipul Mathur, Managing Director 
and CEO; Mr. Percy Birdy, Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Yashovardhan Agarwal, Director, 
Sintex; and also Mr. Harsh Rungta, Group Head, In vestor Relations, Welspun World. You all 
must have gone through the results and the investor presentation of the company, which are 
available on the stock exchanges and also on our website. 
 During the discussion, we may be making references to this presentation. So I request you all to 
please refer to the safe harbor statement, which is there in our presentation. We'll start the forum 
with the opening remarks by Mr. Mathur. And post that, we'll open the floor for the Q&A. 
 With that, let me hand over the floor to Mr. Mathur. Over to you, sir. 
Vipul Mathur: Thank you, Goutam. And good afternoon to everyone. I welcome you all to our Q1 FY27 
Earnings Conference Call. As Goutam mentioned, we have already published a detailed investor 
deck along with our results, which were released on Friday afternoon, which I'm sure you would 
have got a chance to go through. 
 So I would like to -- today, I would like to keep my opening remarks very brief so as to leave 
more time to your questions and discussions. Just would like to highlight some of the key aspects 
to set the tone of this conversation. 
 First, financial. Our financial performance remained robust. We have delivered the highest ever 
quarterly EBITDA of INR756 crores, a 35% growth on a Y -on-Y basis. ROCE has remain ed 
well above 20% on an annualized basis. 
 Our net cash position also has further improved to INR2,336 crores, and our order book is 
approximately INR25,750 crores, almost $2.7 billion, the strongest in the company's history, 
and it provides a robust growth visibility and underscores our exceeding footprint in the global 
pipeline infrastructure market. 

===== PAGE 3 =====
          Welspun Corp Limited 
 July 27, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 27 
 
 On the demand side of it, I would like to briefly touch upon the geographies in which we operate 
in. First, I would like to brief you upon U.S.A., then Saud i and then India. So as far as the U.S. 
market is concerned, the demand remains very, very buoyant. As you know, we have booked 
well through FY28, and we are already seeing clarity emerging on FY29 as well. As we speak, 
there are multiple projects which ar e being pursued and followed and are under discussion. If 
we are successful, this could take us to FY29 as well. 
 So the U.S. market with its demand drivers remains the pivot for the growth for the company, 
and it is looking extremely nice. As regards KSA market, the Saudi market, the visibility in the 
Saudi market is very encouraging. We see -- we foresee a very strong demand building up in the 
region. 
 On the back of the oil and gas and the water infrastructure investments and the reconstruction 
opportunities, which are likely to come up in the Middle East. Also, the recent events which 
have happened geopolitically are further reinforcing this demand, and we are seeing a very small 
-- a very large traction coming up for the line pipe demand in weeks, months or years to come. 
 As regards to India, the demand -- the domestic demand in India has comparatively been muted 
this quarter. We see that fundamentally, the things under Jal Jeevan Mission are slow owing to 
the fund constraint and industry overcapacity. We expect these challenges to continue and persist 
over a longer period of time. 
 We are not seeing any great movement happening into the industry where we are seeing that the 
funds flow will happen and the demand is going to catapult back. So we have reca librated our 
approach in line with the current market conditions, and we have completely shifted our focus 
mostly to export. 
 Even if you would see that on the ductile iron side, where we have a large capacity in place and 
there is a large capacity or an overcapacity in India, we have slightly scaled it down, and we are 
now recalibrating it with respect to the pig iron, and we are probably one of the largest exporters 
of pig in this quarter and probably in the subsequent quarters. 
 Our strategy has been very clear that where we would like to move, where there is money, where 
there is profit, we are not thinking in terms of recalibrating our positions. And accordingly, this 
is a change which we did in the last quarter. 
 But given that we have a diversified portfolio, a global footprint, this continues to be our strong 
-- this continues to be our key strength. It insulates us from one geography or segment -specific 
headwinds and make our earnings profile far more resilient. This is what it distinguished between 
us and the other players. 
 Our geographical expansion of our multi-geography presence is -- comes to help in such times. 
As regards WSSL, the Welspun Specialty Steel Limited, the company remains on track and 
progressing as planned. 

===== PAGE 4 =====
          Welspun Corp Limited 
 July 27, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 27 
 
 The Thermal and Nuclear Energy, Defense, Aerospace, Oil & Gas, Petrochemicals continue to 
stimulate the demand for stainless steel bar and seamless pipe. In addition, a strong emphasis on 
domestic manufacturing, the Make in India initiative is also driving demand. 
 As you know, we are the only integrated player in the field, having our own steelmaking 
capacity, our own rolling capacity and our own pipe making capacity. I think so this puts us into 
a much favorable position in days to come when we would be talking about when the I ndia 
would be progressing towards more value -added products like applications in the nuclear area 
also. 
 We are seeing a strong traction coming up in that particular direction, the nuclear and the power 
sector. And we are absolutely prepared to cater to th at demand. So from structurally, from the 
availability point of view and from the research and development and developments of some 
very, very niche grade, I think that the company has done exceedingly well and is preparing 
itself for a long haul of growth in days to come. 
 Coming to the Sintex, it is -- as we see that the Indian domestic market is muted. It is because 
of that. The Sintex is also impacted because of that because the trickle of the fund is not 
happening to the ground, and that is where they are also impacted. 
 But we are using this time. We are preparing ourselves for the long haul. This time is going to 
change. We are preparing -- at this point in time, we are expanding our customer base, our dealer 
network, our distribution network, our inf luencer network on a quarter -on-quarter basis is 
expanding. 
 We are investing heavily in that particular fundamental base. We are going ahead with all that 
our announced capex so that we are absolutely prepared when the market rebounds back. We 
believe that it will be a matter of time that the market is going to rebound. And at that point in 
time, with our Sintex portfolio, which is an iconic portfolio in our growth, is going to have the 
maximum benefits coming out of that. 
 At that point in time, when the market rebounds, we do not want to be caught into a cycle that 
we do not have this or we do not have that. So basically, we are preparing ourselves for the tanks. 
We are preparing ourselves for all type of pipe. We are preparing for all type of fittings. We are 
preparing ourselves for the OPVC. 
 And all that work structurally and fundamentally what is required and is the need of the hour, 
which will gravitate to a future growth of this company is being done at this point in time. So 
it's a time well being used at this point in time, and I am very sure that this is going to be one of 
-- we would see one of the stellar performances coming up from Sintex in subsequent months or 
quarters or years to come as the market improves. 
 In terms of our ongoing capex in KSA and Little Rock, I just wanted to update that both the 
projects with Saudi and in America, where we have invested heavily for our growth. They are 
going absolutely fine. There have been some minor disturbances because of this issue, the 

===== PAGE 5 =====
          Welspun Corp Limited 
 July 27, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 27 
 
geopolitical issues, but we were very lucky that none of our capital equipments got impacted 
because of that. 
 We are looking -- we are absolutely on track, and we are -- for both the locations, let's say, for 
our project in Saudi as well as in Little Rock, we are more t han confident that both the projects 
will be absolutely on track, up and running by the end of this year. 
 We would see the full impact of their performance coming up in FY 2028. The markets are 
looking very buoyant in both the economies, both the geograph ies. We would be ready by the 
end of this year. We would be able to capitalize upon the emerging demand in both these 
markets, and that will get reflected in our FY 2028 projections, earnings and profitability. 
 Last but not the least, our ESG performance continues to strengthen the foundation for resilient 
growth and sustained value creation. We are -- as a responsible conglomerate, we are clearly 
focused on our ESG goals. On a year-on-year basis, our DJSI rating, ESG ratings have only been 
going up. We have taken multiple steps, multiple steps in terms of further improving our ratings. 
 And we believe that this is the core fundamental, which also has to be focused along with your 
operations and the market, which is going to create a sustainable value for a ll the stakeholders 
and the shareholders in time to come. 
 With this, I would like to -- I would like the moderator to open the floor for the question. As I 
said, I would like to keep my opening today very, very brief so that we could spend a lot more 
time in terms of answering all your questions-and-answers what you might have. 
 So back to the moderator, please, for opening the floor for any question and answer, please. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have a first 
question from the line of Shaurya Shah from Equirus Securities. 
Shaurya Shah: So first of all, just wanted to ask on the Saudi region. So some other Indian players, larger guys, 
organized players are also putting up capacities in the Saudi region. So I wanted to know whether 
are we seeing an increase in competitive intensity in this region given that demand scenario for 
both line pipes and DI pipes seems to be very strong there. That's my first question? 
Vipul Mathur: Shaurya, good morning. I think so that's a fair question you're asking. Number 1, we also see 
that the competitive landscape is increasing in Saudi. I have reasons to believe that it is going to 
take some time before these will really start coming on -- their capacities would start coming on 
to the ground or impacting. 
 But having said that, I don't think so that there is a cause of any undue concern for a simple 
reason that the market size and the cake itself is so very big enough that I'm sure that everyone 
would have a reasonable amount of bookings or reasonable amount of market size to themselves. 

===== PAGE 6 =====
          Welspun Corp Limited 
 July 27, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 27 
 
 Let's not forget that, a, we have been on the ground for more than 15 years. I think so that gives 
us a fairly distinct advantage in comparison to the others. Number 1. In terms of our 
understanding of the market, in terms of our customer relationship to the market, I think so we 
are much -- we are better placed in comparison to the others. I'm not saying that others will not 
gain any momentum or they will not gain market share. 
 But I think so the market size is big enough to accommodate every one of them. Of course, with 
us being in a leading position, it will have -- we will definitely have our share. And I'm sure that 
others who are also investing in due course of time as and when their capacities will come up on 
the table, I'm sure that they will also get benefited out of that. 
Shaurya Shah: Great. Understood, sir. And any update regarding the anti-dumping investigation that was going 
on for DI pipes in Saudi? So any further progress there? 
Vipul Mathur: No, there is a significant progress, which is happening. Of course, we are -- I mean, it is 
absolutely happening in the right direction. And it is statute by law that once we have the 
domestic capacities coming up, the import -- the cheaper imports have to stop. I think so this is 
what the Saudi law is. 
 And I think so things are moving in that particular direction. And I am sure that by the time our 
capacities will come in, by that time, this investigation and other adm inistrative procedures, 
which are also going on in parallel should also get over, which means that it will purely be a 
domestic play in times to come when we are ready. 
Shaurya Shah: Okay. Great. Just one last question. So despite the aggressive capex, the  leverage profile 
continues to remain very strong for Welspun. So just wanted to know where do we expect to 
land in terms of, let's say, the peak net debt by FY27 and FY28, if you could just give some brief 
numbers there? 
Vipul Mathur: Shaurya, we have ver y clearly stipulated and maintained our position consistently that we 
operate under particular guardrails. If you see my investor presentation, we have very clearly 
said our guardrails would be that in terms of ROCE, we will maintain a ROCE of more than 
20%. 
 And the second guardrail, which we are very, very particular about is our debt to EBITDA and 
which is going to be less than 1. So at no point in time, we are going to exceed that. The good 
part is that all these capex is, what we are doing, they are -- despite that, we are still in a very 
strong cash -- net cash position. 
 I think so this is what is the situation going to be moving forward as well. There is a sufficient 
free cash flow that all the businesses are throwing. So I don't see our profile gett ing changed, 
and we don't see our balance sheet getting leveraged. Rather, it will only be becoming more 
healthier in days to come. 

===== PAGE 7 =====
          Welspun Corp Limited 
 July 27, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 27 
 
Shaurya Shah: And just -- yes, sir, just if I could question one last question. So could you provide the breakup 
of the India and U.S. business volumes, if possible? 
Vipul Mathur: We would -- that you please kindly take offline. As a process, we don't disclose that on the call. 
But if you have something specific, I think so you can reach out to Goutam and Percy. I think 
so they could be happy to share that, please. I hope you understood. 
Moderator: We have our next question from the line of Nitin Arora from Axis Mutual Fund. 
Nitin Arora: Sir, just one question on this... 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt you, Nitin. Can you please use your handset? 
Nitin Arora: Yes, I'm on my handset. Am I audible now? 
Moderator: Yes. 
Nitin Arora: Okay. Sir, just one question on this associate company for what you have proposed of taking a 
26% stake for manufacturing and dealing in GGBS, which is the  Blast Furnace Slag. Can you 
tell us what is the rationale behind it and why we are entering into this business, if you can throw 
some light? 
Vipul Mathur: Nitin, I think so that's a very fair point you are raising. See, at the end of the day, we are very 
clear that we have to create wealth out of the waste. We have been generating slag. We have 
been selling the slag. -- to various people. All what we are not trying to do is to slightly structure 
it. We are not doing any capital investment for that. 
 The capital investment is being done by some third party in our premises. We have only taken a 
sort of a small equity stake into that, mandatory equity stake into that particular company. It's at 
a very notional value just so as to have a full proper control on that. The whole objective is that 
we were generating slag earlier. We will continue to generate slag. 
 We were selling the slab -- slag earlier. We will continue to sell the slag. But now that slag will 
be converted from waste to wealth in our premises thr ough a third party in which we have an 
equity stake. That will help environmentally to us, number 1. And number 2, it will also bring 
in additional revenue to us with no capex being done. 
Nitin Arora: So the total capital allocation would not increase from here to -- from this? 
Vipul Mathur: No, no. It is just a notional stakeholding we have in that. We are not doing any capital investment 
into that. 
Nitin Arora: Great. Great to hear that. Second, on your opening remarks, the way you articulated demand that 
you are even seeing visibility for FY29. Any thought process of where you're thinking now on 
capex for FY29? Because I'm sure the way I'm able to read your opening comment, it looks like 
rather you are expecting more capex from the Saudi and other areas. 

===== PAGE 8 =====
          Welspun Corp Limited 
 July 27, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 27 
 
 So can you -- we don't want an exact number, but if that can articulate to what kind of a capex 
you are envisaging going into FY29? Is there a need to upsize the capex from here is I wanted 
to know? And second, given the very strong cash generation, which I think the management has 
been guiding over the last 3 years, any inorganic opportunity you see in your business? So just 
these 2 questions, sir. 
Vipul Mathur: Nitin, in terms of capex, I think so we have disclosed that what are the capex which we are doing 
in our Saudi business and in our U.S. business. That capex cycle started almost 1 year back. 
Almost we are done with almost 60% -- 60%, 65% of our capex. The balance capex will get 
exhausted in this particular year. All that numbers are in public disclosure, number 1. 
 Number 2, beyond that, we have -- we are not committing for any other capex at this point in 
time. It is not time to use -- to have the maximum mileage and the benefit out of the capex, what 
are being done. So to your question, is there a ny incremental capex over and above what we 
have announced? The answer is no, number 1. 
 Number 2, to your question about the cash generation and inorganic, I think so these are good 
questions to have. These -- first, as I have always said, we would first like the money to come in 
our bank. 
 And then these are good problems to have, let the money be in the bank. I think so we have a 
very, very fair independent and a very incredible Board, and I'm sure that we will -- they will be 
in a position to guide as t o what needs to be done. At this point in time, there is nothing on the 
table just to report. 
Moderator: We have our next question from the line of Parth Bhavsar from Investec. 
Parth Bhavsar: Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, I have a few ques tions. The first one related to 
demand. So there are a couple of projects that were announced and which are announced new. 
One is like India, Saudi subsea gas pipeline and the other one is Keystone XL project. So wanted 
to get a sense if the tendering has started for these projects? 
Vipul Mathur: Parth, I honest -- I'm not aware of anything called India Saudi pipeline project, to be honest. 
Pardon me for ignorance on that. I have not seen anything like that or it might have missed my 
attention. Generally, i t does not, but must have missed out. Maybe you might be referring to 
India Oman pipeline or something. 
 That would be -- that we have seen was being a point of discussion. I think so this is -- if that is 
what the question is, I think so it's in the early stages. This pipeline has been in discussion for a 
fairly long time. 
 There are challenges. It is not an easy project to do. But I'm sure given the geopolitical situation, 
what right now we are facing, I'm sure that this -- it might see some light at the end of the tunnel, 
but it is still far off, number 1. Number 2, you are talking about the KXL. I hope you're referring 
to the North American pipeline. 

===== PAGE 9 =====
          Welspun Corp Limited 
 July 27, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 27 
 
 I think so in North America, there are a couple of things which are being discussed. Nothing in 
particular called KXL, but there are a lot of different pipelines in different avatars are being 
discussed. And that is what I said in the opening remarks that such discussions are giving us a 
sort of a visibility that the FY29 demand also could be robust. 
Parth Bhavsar: Sir, would it be possible to name a few big projects? 
Vipul Mathur: Those -- see, the projects generally do not have name in America, if you know. Generally, they 
are -- those projects are being discussed with the midstream companies. They are discussed in 
strict confidence. Generally, these projects only get a name when they are FID -ed. That -- we 
also come to know the name of the projects at that point in time that what all we have been 
discussing and the name of the project is XYZ. 
 Honestly speaking, I do not have a visibility on the name of the projects what we are discussing. 
All what we are discussing with various midstream companies, multiple projects and which is 
giving us a sort of a traction and a comfort that FY29 demand looks fairly robust in the U.S. 
market as well. 
Parth Bhavsar: Got it. Got it. Sir, a few bookkeeping questions. In terms of our order book, INR25,750 crores, 
would it be possible to give a U.S.- India split? 
Vipul Mathur: We can do that. I think so offline, you can ta ke up with Percy and Goutam, they should be in a 
position to give that split. I would not have readily available with me. But definitely, Parth, you 
can definitely have respond that, please. 
Parth Bhavsar: Got it. And sir, in terms of our KSA capacities, so just to like get the time lines right, KSA was 
supposed to come up in Q2, right? Is it being pushed to end of Q4 or is the time line still Q2 
FY27? 
Vipul Mathur: No, I think what we mentioned earlier was Q2. Look, given this geopolitical situation, there had 
been some minor hiccups here and there, but that it has not slipped out. Nothing much have 
slipped. I think so we should still be seeing progress -- we are talking about two facilities and 
these two facilities should progressively be coming up in the -- by the quarter 3 in any case. 
Parth Bhavsar: Okay. And then similarly, sir, ERW and LSAW in U.S.A. would be in Q4? 
Vipul Mathur: ERW in U.S.A. is up and running. It has already come on stream. It is up and running. We are -
- we have commissioned it. We have successfully done all the trials. Right now, we -- the mill 
has completely stabilized. And now at this point in time, we have orders and we are about to 
start execution of certain orders out of that particular mill. 
 That is with respect to HFIW. With respect to our LSAW plant, we said that in any case, it will 
be coming by the end of the year. In FY27, it will be there. We are more than confident that by 
the end of the year, that capacity will also be up and running. So pretty much on track. Pretty 
much on schedule. 

===== PAGE 10 =====
          Welspun Corp Limited 
 July 27, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 27 
 
Parth Bhavsar: Got it. And sir, just last question to get a sense on KSA. Sir, how are the order inflows or inquiries 
for our facilities in KSA? 
Vipul Mathur: There's a lot of discussions, which we have seen, which have started. Earlier, we were all talking 
that this market will exponentially grow because of the recent situations which have emerged. 
Now those discussions are moving into the next phase where the engagements are happening. 
Then it will move on to the next phase where the tend ers would happen, and then it will get to 
the fourth phase where award will happen. 
 So that is the process. That is the life cycle under which it happens. I think so it has moved from 
Phase 1 to Phase 2, which is a very, very encouraging situation. And it  is also reinforcing the 
fact that what we have been saying that there is going to be an exponential demand buoyancy, 
which is going to come up in that particular market. These discussions are clearly reflecting that. 
Parth Bhavsar: Got it. And sir, just if I can squeeze in one more… 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt you Parth. May I please request you to rejoin the queue? 
Parth Bhavsar: Yes. Thank you. 
Moderator: We have our next question from the line of Sneha from Nuvama. 
Sneha: Congratulations on super strong set of results. Just a couple of questions from my end. Firstly, 
on your margins, this particular quarter, we have seen phenomenal jump in margins. How 
sustainable these margins are? And the order book, which you already have in place, what is the 
kind of EBITDA per tons on the U.S. side are we certain of for both '27 and '28? 
Vipul Mathur: So, Sneha good afternoon to you. Let's say, to your first question with respect to margin, I think 
the way we track, we are not tracking to margins. See, margin is a factor of raw material pricing 
versus the profitability of what you do and typically the product mix in that particular quarter. 
 We stand by to the absolute EBITDA numbers for which we give the guidance, number 1. 
Margins are various -- it has many variab le factors around that. So I would rather not like to 
comment on the margin side of it, but I stand committed to the EBITDA absolute numbers, what 
we have committed to that, number 1. 
 Number 2, with respect to the order book, I think it's almost like close to INR26,000, $2.7 billion 
in order book. And which is a very, very strong order book. As I said, that we will be in a position 
to give you the split between India and the U.S. I think that's what your question is. I think so 
offline, our earlier participant also asked for that. 
 Mr. Percy and Goutam will be in a much better position to give you in absolute detail about that, 
that what is that split looking like. But it is heavily loaded towards U.S. at this point in time, to 
be fair. 

===== PAGE 11 =====
          Welspun Corp Limited 
 July 27, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 27 
 
Sneha: But what I meant was on that particular order book, what sort of EBITDA per ton visibility do 
we have? We understand that you have a healthy order book from the U.S. part. So what sort of 
margins are we making EBITDA per ton on those businesses? And also in terms of or der book 
split, could you give us that what portion of this order book is driven by the data center theme 
that even we are participating in? 
Vipul Mathur: Right. So EBITDA per ton is in U.S., we historically have given a clear guidance that EBITDA 
per ton in the U.S. are close to $300 per ton. Today, it's slightly -- it's an exceptional scenario 
we are into. So the EBITDA per ton definitely are much higher than what we have given a 
guidance. 
 But you need to -- on a sustainable basis, what you need to consider is that the guidance for U.S. 
is almost $300 per ton. Today, it's slightly more, number 1. Number 2, coming to the split part 
of it about the data center. Right now, the split between the data centers and the LNG going to 
the Gulf Coast for export. 
 I think so the ratios are close to 80% or 20%. 80% is still going towards -- or 75% is still going 
to the Gulf Coast for export, 25% is the split, which might be going to the data center. I might 
be slightly vary here and there by a few percentage points, bu t the shift now in the subsequent 
bookings, what will happen, we would see that this shift increasing more towards data centers 
and reducing towards the export side of it. 
 So this is a shift we are seeing out there. And -- but for us, what really matters is that now earlier 
we were completely -- or the market was completely dependent on LNG export. Now there's an 
alternate consumption pattern or consumption center, which has emerged, which is data center 
and which is growing on a quarter -on-quarter basis. So that's a very healthy and a very 
welcoming sign in an economy which is growing and opening up new avenues for us and our 
investments there. 
Sneha: Understood. And lastly, on the order book side, how much of this order book would be pertaining 
to FY29? Do we have something coming up even there now? 
Vipul Mathur: Right now, no. Right now, what we have is mostly till FY28, we would be done pretty much of 
that. What I mentioned earlier to the earlier call -- in the earlier questions, we are seeing a good 
traction for FY29. We are seeing a lot of projects being discussed. Our teams are engaged with 
multiple midstream companies out there, and they are evaluating multiple options. 
 It's a long way out, to be honest. FY29 is a long way out, but the engagements ha ve already 
started. And that gives us the confidence that it might be sooner rather than later, we may have 
a visibility -- clear visibility emerging for FY29 as well. 
Moderator: We have our next question from the line of Dhananjai from Alchemy Capital. 
Dhananjai: Sir, most of my questions are answered. Just one question… 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt you, Dhananjai. Can you please use your handset? 

===== PAGE 12 =====
          Welspun Corp Limited 
 July 27, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 27 
 
Dhananjai: I am on my handset. Is it better? 
Vipul Mathur: Dhananjai is a very soft-spoken person. So we could see that. -- can you hear me now? 
Dhananjai: Sir, can you hear me now? 
Vipul Mathur: Yes, yes. 
Dhananjai: So sir, most of my questions are answered. Just one question. Sir, in Saudi Arabia, there's so 
much demand. There was an asset available. Did we look at that, which was available to be sold? 
Moderator: Dhananjai, I don't know which asset are you referring to, please? 
Dhananjai: The one which another Indian company had also acquired. 
Vipul Mathur: Okay, okay. No, we -- see, we continuously scout around for asset. See, you have to understand 
Welspun is a high -quality standard mill, right? For us, our reputation is paramount. And that 
comes through a very, very high-quality product what we give to our customers worldwide. 
 We -- I'm sure our technical  team would have evaluated that. And I'm sure that they did not 
found it very encouraging in terms of to support that. So to your point, at some point in time, we 
did have a look at it. But in our framework of a quality framework, it probably was not fitti ng 
in. So that's the reason we did not wanted to go ahead on that. 
Dhananjai: And but wasn't it attractively priced also then like early payback also on the acquisition? 
Vipul Mathur: We are talking here of a very, very heavy engineering product used for v ery precision sector. 
You please understand that these pipes are carrying oil, these pipes are carrying gas and every 
pipe is very, very critical. You have to have a 100% comfort and confidence on every piece of 
pipe what you produce, right? 
 So it is not -- we are not talking commodity here. We have a reputation to live up to. We are a 
global scale company. We have built this reputation on quality and impeccable quality over a 
period of time. 
 We would not have felt comfortable with the asset class or with  the quality. I'm not saying it 
would have been bad or it is not good. I'm not saying that. Don't get me wrong, but it would not 
be fitting into Welspun standards. So probably we would have overlooked that. 
 So we are not driving through that it is attractive valuations and all that stuff. That's not the way 
we look at the companies. We look at from -- purely from a qualitative point of view and our 
global positioning and our leadership positioning. 
Dhananjai: Congrats again for good set of numbers. 
Vipul Mathur: Thank you Dhananjai. 

===== PAGE 13 =====
          Welspun Corp Limited 
 July 27, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 27 
 
Moderator: We have a next question from the line of Rakesh from Nine Rivers Capital. 
Rakesh: Thank you very much for the detailed annual report that has come out for the industry across the 
globe. Majority of my questions are answered. Sir, just 2 questions. First, with respect to the on 
the profitability in this quarter, when we look at the volume growth volume growth versus the 
EBIT growth for the business has come very strongly, north of 30% growth. Can we -- is that 
understanding correct in this quarter, the project of a higher margin. That's why the growth is 
high and in the coming quarter, the growth will normalize? 
Vipul Mathur: Rakesh, I think so if you see, I have always been a propagant that -- see, we are a project-based 
company, right? It is -- and we are geographically positioned at 2 or 3 locations. the product 
mix, the requirement, the deliveries, they keep on changing. I have always been a propagant that 
this company need not to be looked on a quarter-on-quarter basis. 
 I think so this is a company to be looked on a year -on-year basis. You have to have -- that 
believes that whatever is the guidance given, whatever is the -- have we been able to deliver as 
what we have promised. 
 I think so it is very difficult to tra ck this company on a quarter -on-quarter basis because you 
really do not know what is going to be the product mix, what is the steel arrival schedule, what 
is your production, what is your dispatch, what is your invoicing, what is this and that. So it 
becomes extremely difficult to track it on a quarter -- and please understand, these are -- all these 
projects, what we execute are large-scale projects. 
 They go over multiple quarters. So to qualify it on a quarter-on-quarter basis, I find it extremely 
difficult. However, I wish I may try to do that. I am unable to do justice. So please understand 
my position and kindly look at this company on a year -on-year basis. And if you have any 
questions, any doubt or any point around that, I will be more than happy to address that, please. 
Moderator: We have our next question from the line of Vikash Singh from ICICI Securities. 
Vikash Singh: First of all, congratulations on a very good set of numbers. Sir, my question is slightly on a long-
term perspective. As we have seen that nowadays, the major oil-producing countries like Middle 
East or U.S. prefer the localized production, and that's why we are putting plants in Saudi as 
well. 
 Going forward, Indian capacities has always been more towards in the export segment. So just 
wanted to understand going in the next 3 or 4 years forward, do we see further Indian capacities 
getting shifted to other geographies? And if not, then what are the other pockets where we can 
actually utilize these capacities as the Saudi will get mor e capacities and more demand would 
shift in-house versus the imports? 
Vipul Mathur: Vikash, very good afternoon and good to hear from you. It's always good to have so deep 
thought-rooted questions. Greatly appreciated. See, I will not be in a position to comment on as 
to what others or what other Indian conglomerates will do. But one thing you have to keep in 

===== PAGE 14 =====
          Welspun Corp Limited 
 July 27, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 27 
 
mind, see, putting up a greenfield project into unknown territories is not an easy cake walk, 
please. It is very difficult. 
 The local laws, the local regulations, the local culture, the local dynamics, I think so it takes its 
own time. It has its own. Why we have been slightly ahead of successful, if I may say so, because 
we were present in both the geographies, let us say, in America as well in Saudi for the last 15, 
16 years. We have been on the ground. It is not that we had a supplier relationship, but we were 
only producing in India and supplying there. 
 We were physically present on the ground. We understand the nuances much better than others 
would have it. Not that others will not be able to do it, but they will find it very, very difficult. 
So setting up greenfield or brownfield projects in such economies is not an easy thing, number 
1. Number 2, India is -- has a very high concentration. 
 That's a fair point you are making. Now whether with this concentration and most of the facility 
or capacities which are there in India were more inward looking. They were more servicing the 
domestic requirement. 
 Now the domestic requirement definitely is receding at this point in time. At least there is a little 
lack of visibility and the spend which is going to happen there. So India market is slightly muted. 
I'm sure that everyone would be trying for export at this point in time, I believe that. 
 But you also  have to understand that as it is difficult to set up a greenfield or a brownfield 
capacity, also you have to understand that getting approvals and accreditations is also a 
challenge. If you really have to work with the Tier 1 producers of the world, there  is a process 
of approvals and accreditations. 
 There is a very high quality standards, which are required, absolutely to a scale, which are very, 
very difficult to achieve. So that is also -- so there are deterrents to get into that. It is a time -
consuming process. 
 So -- and this is where Welspun is slightly blessed because with all our approvals and 
accreditions, which are global in nature and with the Tier 1s we already have, that is giving us a 
sort of a head start over the others and our geographical presence into the other markets is giving 
a head start. I'm sure others will also be trying to do that. I wish them all the success, but it is 
not as easy as what we contemplate at this point in time. 
Vikash Singh: Noted, sir. Sir, my second question pertains to our cash utilization. As we like to maintain our 
ROCE at 20% or above, cash is becoming a problem because we already have a pretty high cash 
position, and I believe that it is going to increase only further. So deployment of this cash, any 
thought process on that, if you could share with us would be really helpful? 
Vipul Mathur: Vikash, first and foremost, today, we all recognize cash is king. I think so there is nothing called 
-- there is no ambiguity around that. So it is a good problem to hav e, first and foremost. But I 

===== PAGE 15 =====
          Welspun Corp Limited 
 July 27, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 27 
 
completely understand that in a way, it is also counterproductive. We are very clear that its 
deployment has to be figured out. 
 Now whether it is by virtue of dividend, buyback, investment, all things -- all those things are 
very well understood at our end, number 1. But we strongly believe that right now, we still have 
-- we have a decent amount of cash, but we are still into the capex cycle. 
 But we also believe that in the subsequent quarters, there will be a more cash flow which will 
be coming in. We will be sitting by the end of the year at a substantial amount of cash. And I'm 
sure that at that -- by that point in time, we will have figured out an answer. There are multiple 
things which are being discussed. And I only want to assure one thing. See, at the end of the day, 
what the capital allocation is going to be extremely, extremely judicious. 
 We are very, very clear. And if you see for the last 2 years, we have very clearly given our 
guardrails. Our guardrails are that we will go into our proven geographies, core geographies and 
core products only. Number two, we will only invest where the ROCEs are more than 20%. 
 Number 3, that at no point in time, we would see our net debt to EBITDA going up beyond -- it 
has to be under 1%. So these are the guardrails which our Board has set for us. Under that only, 
and we will do any capital allocation. And trust you me, believe me that it will be very, very 
judicious. You will not -- no investor will feel ever disappointed because of that. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Nishant Vass from 360 ONE Asset Management. 
Nishant Vass: Just one question digging into the U.S. North American data center potential. I think there is a 
lot of discussion even in the U.S. that they a re going to fall short of the natural gas generation 
capacity for the data center side, like close to 100 gigawatts has been kind of under development, 
but approved list is much smaller. 
 I think you're obviously talking to a lot of midstream guys and they are doing what they can like 
the likes of Bridge Atmos Energy, they're trying to do whatever they can. The fact that you have 
capacity coming on stream, you're in the unique position. 
 Is it possible for you to kind of be nominated directly from some of these customers for some of 
the larger programs coming up? Because I think the window for some of these programs to get 
initiated is probably less than 12 months. 
 If that is the case, you mentioned you have no new plans of capex, but I'm just trying to thi nk 
from your management advantage, if your capacity gets completely booked for, say, potentially 
'29 as well, what's the lead time for a new plan? Like I'm just trying to think that from your 
vantage point. 
Vipul Mathur: Nishant thank you. Nishant, I think that's a very great question. See, first and foremost, to set up 
any plant in America is for someone like us who is present there, who is already on the ground, 
it's at least an 18 - to 24-month process, first and foremost. If someone intends to even do a 
greenfield part of it, I do not know what time it will take because everything is on fire in America. 

===== PAGE 16 =====
          Welspun Corp Limited 
 July 27, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 27 
 
 So is there a threat of any new capacities coming up? And if someone would like to explore, 
good luck to them. But I don't think so that it is something which someone need to even venture 
about because things are not as what we see from here. Number 2, we also believe that there is 
a tipping point. 
 You could -- we could see a demand -- we are seeing a very structural demand for the next 5 to 
7 years' time, right? Out of which we have only booked for 2 years' time and maybe potentially 
we can -- as the things will progress, we can book in a year or so. Even if we start thinking 
beyond adding our more capacity, which we don't want to do that, I think it is b eyond a tipping 
point because overcapacity is also detrimental to into a market which is growing. 
 So we do not believe -- I think right now, we believe in the U.S., the type of capacities what we 
have and the type of capacities our competitive landscape i s having. I think so with that, it has 
reached to a point that there probably is no need to add any capacity. 
 Because if we really want to see the momentum, if we really want to see the margins being 
maintained, I think so the best way would be to maintai n the capacity levels at this level itself. 
And we believe that, I think so this is a sort of a general sense I'm getting. And in any case, any 
newcomer putting up a plant is next to impossible, it is not possible. 
 And even if somebody venture, he's going to bleed that. So I think -- so from a capacity point of 
view, everyone seems to have reached to a certain optimization level. Let's not forget that we 
are also a project business. This is also a cyclical business. All what we are seeing is a 5, 7 years 
of a sustained growth. But then if you have an overcapacity, then that also comes and bites you 
back when the sun is not shining that -- the sun is not as shiner as it is now. 
 So we are very clear that at this point in time, we have done what we would need to do. We have 
positioned ourselves. We want to maintain our leadership position, which we have. We want to 
have a particular market share, which we have. We will continue to maintain our market share. 
That's what we have invested for. Beyond that, we are  not looking at anything at this point in 
time. 
Nishant Vass: So can we then assess the fact that I'm not comparing it like -to-like, but there was obviously a 
similar shortage on the data center build-out from memory. And I think if gas becomes, let's say, 
a roadblock for growth in memory, could you -- is there a pricing lever which you can extract 
from the customers that you talked about margins? 
 I think then there is a much larger headroom for margin expansion in the U.S. if some of the 
things that we ta lked about data center build -out happens for you guys. Is that understanding 
correct? 
Vipul Mathur: That's a fair understanding. I think so the margin profile has been increasing. It has been what it 
was 2 years back and what is it for now and what is it going to be in future. I think so the margin 
profile incrementally has been better. And please understand on the other side of the table are 
intelligent buyers. They completely understand that. 

===== PAGE 17 =====
          Welspun Corp Limited 
 July 27, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 27 
 
 I think so the name of the game is all about how quickly they can -- how quickly they can be 
into the particular market and how quickly they can be served. And that is one of the USP what 
Welspun bring up on the table. 
 And that has helped them to be quicker into the market. And at the same time, they have 
rewarded us with a margin expansion. So it's a 2-way process. It is very, very open, transparent, 
and that is the strength of that particular market. 
Moderator: We have our next question from the line of Netra Deshpande from Mirae Asset Sharekhan. 
Netra Deshpande: Congratulations on the great set of numbers and the new record level of global order book. My 
first question is pertaining with the DI pipes. As you have flagged about the funding constraints 
under this Jal Jeevan mission impacting the domestic marketing de mand. So which is like the 
strategic pivot shifting towards pig iron exports more this time. So can you quantify the current 
exports against and what would be the sustainability about this strategy as a margin level? 
Vipul Mathur: So Ms. Deshpande, you are  right. I think so the domestic demand for DI, which was under Jal 
Jeevan mission is under severe pressure. And we see that it is going to be there for a significant 
longer period of time. We were expecting that things in H2 should improve. But the way I think 
so the priorities are changing for various reasons, I mean, I completely respect that, looks like 
that this is going to be a sort of a sustainable pain for a sustainable period of time. 
 So all what we are trying to do is recalibrating our complete strategy. While we will continue to 
focus on our DIP business, there is still a market. We are still a large player of DI player in the 
DI market. We will continue to focus the domestic market. We will -- we have an advantageous 
position on servicing the export market. 
 But both the domestic and export market, apart from that, it will also give us an opportunity to 
do some big exports, and that's what we have opted for. At the end of the day, the bottom line 
remains that we remain -- despite the challenges which are there into the domestic market, we 
still need to be very profitable. 
 So that's the strategy which we have calibrated our change to. I think so this is the right strategy, 
a domestic presence, export focus and a blend of pig iron coming into play. And I think so these 
3 things put together will continue to give us the margin profile what we are looking at. 
Netra Deshpande: Okay. Okay. Noted, sir. And sir, my last question is about the one-off deal that is of EPIC. So I 
just would like to ask about t his post partial Epic stake sale, what would be the residual 
shareholding in EPIC as any other monetization which is planned as this is a one -off deal. So 
that has shown a good amount of exceptional gain this time in this quarter? 
Vipul Mathur: So Ms. Desh pande, our EPIC is a strategic asset for us, right? While we have been slightly 
diluting our positions here and there, recently being 4%, 4.5%. But after that also, we have more 
than 22% of the share, 22% shareholding out there. We are still the largest sh areholder, and we 
will continue to be the largest shareholder, number one. 

===== PAGE 18 =====
          Welspun Corp Limited 
 July 27, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 27 
 
 It is a very strategic fit for us because it offers EPIC and our 100% sub, which is coming up in 
Saudi. I think so these 2 companies put together brings a sort of a very unique por tfolio on the 
table, which is unparalleled. 
 So our -- we will continue to invest in EPIC. We have no further intentions of diluting it. This 
3% or 4% dilution, what we have done was done with a very specific purpose, with a very 
strategic intention and th rowing that money. Bringing it out from the Saudi market and 
employing it in the Saudi market only. 
 So it is not that we are bringing that money home or we are taking it anywhere else. We are only 
divesting and investing into the Saudi market so that our portfolio, the comprehensive portfolio 
between EPIC and the Welspun becomes such a formidable portfolio, and that becomes the key 
driver for our growth in years to come. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Ritesh Shah from Investec. 
Ritesh Shah: Sir, first question is, why is it we are not increasing our full year guidance? Because specifically, 
when we look at midstream owner operators, I think all of them are actually doing well. They 
have also increased their guidance for the full year. Any specific reason to be conservative? 
Vipul Mathur: Ritesh very good afternoon to you. I think so -- I mean, that's our philosophy. A what we don't 
want to revise our guidance is. We have given at the start of the year. We are into a project-based 
business. Will you -- anyone anticipated this war will continue like this? Nobody, right? Will it 
sustain to this particular period? Nobody. I think so there are events which keeps on changing 
over a period of time on which you have no visibility to. 
 So I think so it's not prudent on our part to keep on changing the guidance. What is important is 
to give a realistic guidance number 1. And work hard in terms of achieving that or exceeding 
that. If you see the track record in the last 4 years, whatever guidances we ha ve given, we have 
always met them, if not exceeded them, right? And in those period of 12 months, so many things 
geopolitically keeps on changing, which we have no control on. 
 So I think as a philosophy, we believe in giving a realistic guidance, not crea ting a 
disappointment, rather bringing truthful thing on the table and keep our investors happy saying 
that this is what the bare minimum they are going to see. If we are able to do better, nobody is 
going to mind that. So I think that's a part of our phil osophy, operating philosophy, which we 
operate in, Ritesh. 
Ritesh Shah: Yes. Sir, if I just flip the question around, saying like probably you are not changing the guidance 
because you already have the order book, which is fixed -- we know the volumes. We know the 
profitability, probably that might be a reason we are not changing it. But sir, if I have to just ask 
you a question, you did point upon FY29, some visibility incrementally emerging. Given the 
situation that we are in, it is quite strong, what is the thresholds when you are seeing no to orders 
right now? 

===== PAGE 19 =====
          Welspun Corp Limited 
 July 27, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 27 
 
 Because I think in one of the prior questions, you did indicate for U.S., we are making more than 
$300, $300 was a normalized average historically. So is it that we are seeing no to orders, have 
our thresholds on ROCE moved up? So you did give a number of 20%, but is 20% number 
higher at this conjuncture? 
Vipul Mathur: See, this was relevant when we were talking of FY28. Right now, when we are talking of FY29, 
their discussions are at a very early stage. Because see, you also have to understand that for me, 
-- we also have to have a very clear-cut substrate strategy, which is the steel strategy. So it is not 
an easy answer to commit immediately for FY29. For any steel suppliers to also commit for 
FY29 assured delivery at a fixed pricing also becomes equally challenging. So it is not a one 
data point discussion. 
 It is a multiple data point discussion. We, our capacity availability; number 2, the steel guys, 
what are they thinking about it and the tot al demand into the market. I think so these 3 points, 
we triangulate that. Basis that what is the right fit for all 3 -- right fit for Welspun is basis that 
we take a decision. 
 We have -- basis that we have taken decisions till FY28. Right now, as we spea k, we are 
triangulating these points coming to a broad consensus for FY29. And the good part is that what 
I've been saying that the good part is that at least the discussions for FY29 has started. 
 But whether -- have we triangulated the strategy, have we reached to a broad consensus, I think 
so it will evolve over a period of time. We are in no rush. We are in no hurry. But we have a 
very clear objective that how can we improve our margin profile as what we have over FY28. 
So that it is with that objective. We are working around that. We have -- have we reached to any 
conclusion? The answer is no. But I'm sure that we will get there sooner rather than later. 
Ritesh Shah: Sir, just one follow -up. When we say INR24,750 crores of order book, is it possible to put a 
value on tonnages over here? 
Vipul Mathur: Value of -- sorry, I didn't get your question? 
Ritesh Shah: On tons, tons. So the reason -- so INR24,750 looks beautiful because of Section 232, steel 
pricing, obviously, is very high in U.S. So if we have to look at it from a -- how should we look 
at it? 
Vipul Mathur: Look at it from an absolute value, this is what is going to happen over the next 2 years' time. 
Why should you go? 
Ritesh Shah: Volume. I'm looking at it from a utilization level standpoint as well. So is it possible to quantify 
it on a volumetric basis? 
Vipul Mathur: Is difficult because it also has other businesses embedded into that also, right? The India business 
is also embedded into that. The futuristic, there's some WSL. So it is difficul t. I'm not saying 
that it cannot be -- it is not quantifiable, but it is difficult. But you have to understand where do 
we stand? 

===== PAGE 20 =====
          Welspun Corp Limited 
 July 27, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 27 
 
 We stand that we gave a guidance that, okay, guys, this year, our turnover is going to be like this 
and our EBITDA margin -- EBITDA is going to be like this. I think so that is what we are 
focused on rather than volumes or the percentage because the more variables you like to bring 
into the play, the more confusion we create. 
 So we want to be very clear, very straight, very upfront so that I and very transparent that this is 
what we are committing. This is what we are delivering. If we can do better, trust to me, you 
will not leave any stone unturned to do things better. I hope you -- that comfort and that 
confidence you will be having on this team and on this management. 
Ritesh Shah: Sure, sir. And sir, just last question quickly. You indicated... 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt you, sir. Request you to rejoin the queue. We have our next question from the 
line of Yash Sedani from Integrity Ventures.  
Yash Sedani: Congrats on great set of numbers, sir. On volumes, I understand you said you shall not look at 
volumes on a quarterly basis. But if I compare this on a quarter -on-quarter basis, we are seeing 
a volume degrowth. So is there  any reason for that or the orders are getting executed in next 
quarter that is the reason for this? 
Vipul Mathur: As I said, Yash, this volume degrowth -- see, volume degrowth or growth is a factor of what you 
are producing in that particular quarter, right? I really do not know that whether it is a degrowth. 
I don't think so it will be a degrowth. But assuming for a minute, it is a degrowth. That's 
specifically validating my point that I do not want to discuss on a quarter-on-quarter basis. 
 We really want to discuss it on a year -on-year basis for a simple reason that you really do not 
know what product mix you are running, what type of sales you are booking. That sort of a 
visibility, that sort of a granular visibility is so very difficult to predict on a  quarter-on-quarter 
basis. 
 On a yearly basis, we know that, okay, this is the volume we are able to do. This is the top line 
revenue we are able to do. And with the steel completely hedged and the margin profile what 
we have, we are able to give a clear cut guidance on the EBITDA number. I think so we would 
like to keep it that way. We would not like to comment on quarter-on-quarter growth or degrowth 
basis, please. 
Yash Sedani: Okay. Got it. The second question would be on basically the domestic business.  So since you 
mentioned domestic business has seen muted demand, but we have seen that Sintex's negative 
margins and margins are increasing negatively. So how are you looking at that number 
specifically? 
Vipul Mathur: No, no, no. See, please do not see Sintex margins as negative. We are -- this is an iconic brand, 
number 1, Yash. Number 2, and this is a B2C play, right? If I'm heavily invested into branding 
and marketing, whether the market is good, bad or ugly, it doesn't matter. There are 3 things 
fundamentally we will do. 

===== PAGE 21 =====
          Welspun Corp Limited 
 July 27, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 27 
 
 Number 1, we will continue to expand our base, which is the distributor, the retailers and the 
influencers. Come what may, number 1. Number 2, we will continue to invest into the capex 
what we have already announced so that we are able to capture on the growth when the growth 
comes in. 
 And number 3, this is a B2C business. You understand that unless until you do not have the 
branding and the marketing expense completely embedded into that, this B2C business don't 
grow. So we don't see this as a seasonal business. We see this as a long-haul business. 
 We are preparing ourselves for the long haul. This is a crown in our jewel. We are more than 
confident about this company. And don't be surprised that when the market conditions improve, 
it would be one of the most successful turnaround story in the country. 
Moderator: We have a next question from the line of Sohan Joshi from ASC Consultants. 
Sohan Joshi: Sir, my first question is with regard to the expansion of East-West pipeline by the Saudi Arabia 
to the Red Sea, so that you can transport the oil surpassing the Strait of Hormuz. Is this discussion 
gaining any momentum? I mean, are you aware of these discussions? 
Vipul Mathur: Sohan, we are, number 1. And what we are hearing and what we are seeing on the ground are 2 
different realities. What we are hearing is much less than what is happening on the ground. 
Definitely, East West is a very active project, which is under discussion. 
 And I think a lot of steps the government of Saudi Arabia and especially Saudi Aramco is taking 
with respect to that. But do not -- we should not look East West only in isolation. East -West is 
only one part of the strategy of what they have been talking. 
 I think so there are multiple lines which they are talking at  this point in time, multiple 
augmentation of capacities is what they are talking. And as I said earlier in the call, earlier, there 
was an internal discussion. Now they have moved to an engagement stage. So there's an 
engagement which is happening with the stakeholders. 
 So that is reinforcing that what is being discussed internally within government and Saudi 
Aramco is now coming up on the table and being discussed with the various suppliers and 
various stakeholders on the table, and that is reinforcing t he trust. So it is East -West for sure. 
And apart from East West also, there are multiple things being talked about or engaged about. 
Sohan Joshi: Okay. My second question is, there are some reports, and of course, it was even highlighted by 
President Trump that some of the data centers in U.S. are getting shifted from the city area to 
the rural area because there were some protests from the citizens and even President Trump 
twitted about it. How are we seeing this affecting our demand? Is it going to increa se since the 
location of the data centers itself has changed? 
Vipul Mathur: See, a data centers typically, to the best of my understanding, they were never coming into the 
cities for the simple reason that the large cities cannot accommodate this type of d ata centers. 

===== PAGE 22 =====
          Welspun Corp Limited 
 July 27, 2026 
 
Page 22 of 27 
 
So these data centers were typically moving towards more on the rural side of it always. They 
were always -- that was always the case. 
 Now there could be 1 or 2 which would have further moved for which this noise would have 
been coming. I'm not privy to that. But at least all the data centers are coming in Midwest and 
in the Arizona region and because what you need there, you require a huge land parcel, number 
1. Number 2, a lot of water; and number 3, a power connection. 
 Now the cities have all the 3 challenges. They don't have too much of a land space. They cannot 
give you that type of water, which is required. And in any case, all the cities are on the grid. And 
the grid infrastructure in America is so fragmented that if they start giving power from the grid 
to the data center, the grid could collapse. 
 So all these 3 factors are deterrent. Everyone in the data centers are aware of it, and that is the 
reason they are all moving to Midwest, Arizona regions and all that stuff. And I think so that 
growth with what we have been talking, what we have been hearing is the growth is much more 
than what we have been hearing about. 
 I think so the way they are coming up on the table, the way their demands are going up. I think 
so what also needs to be seen, Sohan is you -- another data point to track is the turbines, the gas 
turbines. Just to give you an example, 2 years back, the gas turbines, there were hardly -- hardly 
5 or 7 or 10 gas turbines, which were sold in America, right? 
 This year, if you look at it, the order book is for more than 300 gas turbines. And this is the 
demand for the next 4 or 5 years. So if you look at that data point also , it is very clearly giving 
an indication that this business of data centers is going to exponentially grow. 
 And where these turbines fit because these data centers will have their own power plant, each 
power plant would require those turbines. And this number of turbines, incremental exponential 
growth in turbines is also giving a very clear indicator that this journey is a very, very -- it is 
going to happen. 
 And once you have that gas power plant out there, you would need a pipeline to connect to that. 
And that is where we come into play. So today, if you look at it, we have become a sort of an 
integrated part of a data center value chain. That's the way things are panning and shaping out 
in America. I hope that answers and addresses your question, Sohan. 
Moderator: We have a next question from the line of Deep Gandhi from ithoughtPMS. 
Deep Gandhi: Sir, first question is around again on the data center side. So I think one of the previous 
participants, you had mentioned that in terms of the new order inf low, the share of data center 
orders is increasing. So can you quantify that, I mean, in the pipeline or for the incremental 
orders, what share of the orders you are getting is towards data center? And similarly, I mean, 
also on the margins. So are the mar gins higher in the data center order? Or are they broadly 
similar to the oil business? 

===== PAGE 23 =====
          Welspun Corp Limited 
 July 27, 2026 
 
Page 23 of 27 
 
Vipul Mathur: Deep, I think so I have answered both the questions. I'm sure you are listening to this call since 
it start. Both these questions I have already answered. I don't think so there is point repeating 
those answers, please. 
Deep Gandhi: I think you haven't shared in terms of incrementally what percentage of orders you are getting 
from data center. You've given a sense that the share is increasing? 
Vipul Mathur: No, I did say that currently, our portfolio would have something like 75 -25. But I think so in 
times to come, we are seeing more traction and this portfolio might change. That's what I 
answered. 
Deep Gandhi: Okay. Actually, I was looking for a number, if you can share what can be the numbers 2, 3 years 
down the line in terms of future order inflow from data center. That is what I'm trying to 
understand? 
Vipul Mathur: Difficult to predict for us at this point in time because see, at the end of the day, it is  also about 
timing. Now on a given time frame, there is a demand coming for data center and on the same 
time frame, there's a demand coming for an LNG export. I am not the one choosing for that. 
Right? I am the one choosing for my -- what is the right mix for me to produce at that point in 
time with the right margin. I would love to do data centers as much as possible. 
 Why I'm saying data centers need to be seen, they need to be seen as an opportunity, as an 
alternate opportunity, which is coming up on the table. So which is giving us sort of a very long 
visibility about horizon about this line pipe demand for the next 5 to 7 years' time. I was -- I'm 
talking data centers from that context. 
Deep Gandhi: Sure, sir. And sir, second question is, I think a few weeks back, we had INR1,600 crores orders 
for export from India. So can you give us some more sense around which geography are we 
going to export this order to? And I mean, usually, the understanding was India plant was meant 
mostly for domestic use. So I mean, are we seeing any new opportunities where the India plant 
could be used more towards export also? Are we seeing any more such orders in the pipeline? 
Vipul Mathur: India has 3 types of plants. Number 1 is our LSWA plant number 2 is our Spiral plant. Number 
3 is our HFIW plant or the ERW plants and number 4 is the DI plant. What I am talking here is 
the India domestic demand being weak, which means it will impact my DIP, it might impact my 
Spiral. But our LSAW was always export. 
 So the export demand out of India is always going to be robust. It was, it is and it will be. So if 
you see on a year -on-year basis, we export almost 150,000 to 200,000 tons of pipe, which we 
export, which are primarily LSAW, not primarily, which are all 100% of them are. 
 That demand is very strong, that will continue to be strong. We have a large -- see this -- we are 
servicing the export market here in Middle East. We are servicing in the Southeast Asian market. 
And now we are extending our footprint into the Caspian region. 

===== PAGE 24 =====
          Welspun Corp Limited 
 July 27, 2026 
 
Page 24 of 27 
 
 So these are the 3 markets in which our India has been supplying the pipes in the past 5 years, 
and it will continue to do so in the next 5 years for a simple reason that the oil and gas investment 
is happening all over. It is not only happening in Americ a or it is not only happening in Saudi 
Arabia. It is happening all over. So from our India, we are servicing the demand in the Caspian 
and the Middle East and the Southeast Asia region. So that demand is there and will be there. 
Moderator: We have our next question from the line of Parth from Investec. 
Parth: Sir, just one question, which is on approval. So once our new capacity is commissioned in KSA 
and U.S.A., typically, how long does it take to get the approvals from Tier 1 developers, owners? 
Do these projects go through a full fresh technical approval cycle for the new product or facility 
or does our existing track record and company credibility with clients helps to fast track these 
approvals? 
Vipul Mathur:  I think so the latter statement is the most  appropriate statement part. I think so Welspun, 
typically, the quality management systems, what is one bothered about? They are bothered -- 
everyone is concerned about the quality, right? So the quality management system, we have a 
global quality management system. We have one quality policy, policy, wherever in the world 
we operate, it's the same one. 
 So nothing is going to change. Number 2, our relationship with the customer, our past supply 
track record. I think so these are all factors which only completely accelerate. So for us, getting 
-- once we are absolutely installed, erected and commissioned, getting approval is a matter of 
weeks, not months. 
Parth: And that won't be the case for competition, right? 
Vipul Mathur: I don't know. It should not be the case. 
Moderator: We have our next question from the line of Arun Chulani from Freshwater Capital. 
Arun Chulani: Just one quick question. I think I missed it, but which particular pipe is going into these data 
centers, which is the type of pipe? 
Vipul Mathur: Sorry, Arun, can you repeat the question, please? 
Arun Chulani: Sorry. Which type of pipe? Is it stainless steel? Is it HSAW? Is it LSAW, which is the pipe, the 
specific pipe that's being used in these data centers? 
Vipul Mathur: Both, both Spiral as well as LSAW. Two things you have to take care -- Arun, you have to take 
note of. See, data centers are now coming in hinterlands, right? Now they have to cross multiple 
urban areas. And there, the code requirement, the safety code requirements are very  different 
than when you are taking it to the -- from the Permian to the Gulf Coast because that particular 
corridor is not that habitated, right? 

===== PAGE 25 =====
          Welspun Corp Limited 
 July 27, 2026 
 
Page 25 of 27 
 
 So depending on what area it is, how much is the habitation in between, what is the safety code, 
which is in application, that is determining spiral versus LSW. So we are seeing a strong demand 
coming up in the data centers because they pass through -- the pipeline passes through a much 
thicker habitation area. So that's the impression we are getting. But to you r question, whether 
both the pipes are acceptable, the answer is yes. 
Arun Chulani: Got it. And I mean, this is for the U.S., but there was also a large data center announcements in 
India. So I don't think they've fruition as yet, but one would suspect tha t this would also create 
demand. 
Vipul Mathur: It should. It should. But the good part here is, Arun, that there is already a gas grid, which is in 
place, number one. Now I think so to the best of my understanding, these data centers will be 
hooked to this gas grid, the national gas grid. Right? Instead of developing an independent line 
to their data centers, which is the case in the U.S., I don't think so that will be the case here in 
India. There will be a requirement. 
 They will like to go through the national gas grid and which is where the companies like GAIL 
and they participate. And we are seeing that in their forecast, they are indicating that they want 
to add additional 10,000 kilometers of pipeline to complete the gas grid. So this demand, I'm 
sure, will come at an appropriate time. 
Moderator: We have a next question from the line of Ritesh Shah from Investec. 
Ritesh Shah: Sir, I'll just start where we left. Sir, you indicated securing a substrate is something which is a 
challenge, say, for FY29 ord er book. Sir, how are we going about it then? That's first. And 
secondly, are there any regulatory policy challenges that you foresee, which could actually derail 
the train where everything is going right at this juncture? 
Vipul Mathur: So Ritesh, with respect to substrate sourcing, I think so it is a sort of a joint approach we follow. 
When we work with the local steel suppliers, we enjoy a credible relationship with them. And 
there's nothing called speculative. They have their skin in the game. So I don't  -- I never said 
that it is going to be a challenge. I'm saying that it needs to be strategized. All -- as we are 
discussing requirements for -- we just concluded for FY28. 
 Now when we are getting into FY29, we are putting -- jointly putting together a strategy, what 
should be our strategy for FY29, and that means along with the steel guys as well. So I don't 
think so it is a challenge, but there's a work to be done, number 1. 
 Number 2, regulatory policy and challenges. Yes, there are challenges, but those challenges will 
be to the imports. See, one thing is we are very, very clear that in America, there has been -- we 
have seen certain imports still coming in, small diameter or someone had ventured and small 
quantities of large diameters also trickled in. 

===== PAGE 26 =====
          Welspun Corp Limited 
 July 27, 2026 
 
Page 26 of 27 
 
 I think so that will stop. So we are absolutely plugged with to the government to all the regulatory 
authorities and the bodies out there. Earlier, there was no capacity, no capabilities available 
there. But now when in America, all the capacity, the full capabilities are available. 
 So it is only a matter of reinforcing that things has to come to a standstill and for which we are 
gaining a very favorable traction. So I think so the regulatory challenge is more for the importers 
rather than domestic producers. 
Ritesh Shah: Sir, last question. I'll just put a hypothetical scenario of Section 232 and 301 is completely rolled 
back hypothetically tomorrow. How does the nature of operations -- how does the economics 
change for us? 
Vipul Mathur: Two things. Number 1, both 232 is by statute of law. It is not that by statute of precedent. It is 
by statute of law. So it cannot be rolled back, first and foremost. It has survived 2 terms of 2 
different parties. So I see no reason whatsoever that this is going to roll back. For a simple 
understanding that in U.S., they completely understand there are 3 or 4 pillars of U.S. economy, 
automobiles, oil and gas, steel, tech. These are 3 or 4 pillars they completely understand. They 
are -- there is a bipartisan support around all these 4 things. 
 I think so they are formulating and they have formulated an ecosystem that anything and 
everything has to be around that. So with the bipartisan support, which they have in the Senate 
and the Congress and through legislation, it is impossible to roll back something like this. Things 
which can be -- things which have an impact are the stack up duties here and there. 
 So they are marginal in nature. So they are not going to move the needle. But if that 232, which 
is the cornerstone, whic h is 50%, that is not going to go away anywhere for sure. Do we have 
any questions left? 
Moderator: No, sir. This was the last question. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question of the day, 
and I now hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Vipul Mathur: Yes. Thank you, gentlemen. Thank you all for participating in this call. I think so we tried to 
answer most of your questions. I still feel that if there are any further clarity which are required, 
you can definitely reach out to Mr. Percy and Mr. Goutam to get those answers. 
 But fundamentally, what I'm trying to tell you, gentlemen, that, a, the company -- your company 
is on a very, very strong wicket. I think so this -- our performance is a testimony to th at. Our 
future order book is also -- gives you a clear visibility as to what is going to happen over next 
10 to 12 quarters' time and maybe even more. 
 The market -- we are seeing the tailwinds in the market. We are present into those markets where 
the tailwinds are there. It is definitely going to offset some setbacks what we might have in the 
Indian domestic market, but they are going to be largely offsetted by miles into the geographies 
what we are present. 

===== PAGE 27 =====
          Welspun Corp Limited 
 July 27, 2026 
 
Page 27 of 27 
 
 And I'm sure that the best of the company is yet to come. So continue to have your trust, continue 
to have your faith, and we look forward for all your support what you have given us till date. 
Thank you very much for joining us and all the very best. Good day to you. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. On behalf of 360 ONE Capital Market Research, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Vipul Mathur: Thank you. 
