SOURCE: inputs/peer-concalls/RATNAMANI-Concall_May_2026_Transcript.pdf
PAGES: 20


===== PAGE 1 =====
 
RMTL/SEC/POST-TRANS.CON-CALL/Q4/2026-27                                                  May 20, 2026   
BSE Ltd. 
Corporate Relationship Department 
1st  Floor, New Trading Ring, 
Rotunda Building, P. J. Tower,  
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai – 400 001  
Company Code : 520111 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
“Exchange Plaza”, 5th Floor,  
Bandra – Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E),  
Mumbai - 400 051 
Company  Code : RATNAMANI 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Investor Conference Call  post Audited Financial Results 
(Standalone and Consolidated) of the Company for th e quarter and year ended 
on March 31, 2026 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
We, vide our letter dated May 13, 2026, had intimat ed to the Stock Exchanges about the 
schedule of the Investor Conference Call on Monday,  May 18, 2026 post Audited Financial 
Results (Standalone and Consolidated) of the Compan y for the fourth quarter and year ended on 
March 31, 2026 and future outlook of the Company’s business. 
 
The Conference Call recordings have already been uploaded on the website of the Company and 
a link was provided vide our letter dated May 18, 2026.   
 
We, now enclose a copy of the Transcript of the Inv estor Conference Call which took place as 
scheduled. The said transcript is also being upload ed on the Company’s website at 
www.ratnamani.com .   
 
The Company has referred to publicly available docu ments / information for discussions during 
the interaction in the Conference Call and no Unpub lished Price Sensitive Information were 
intended to share during the Conference Call.  
 
Kindly take the above on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For, RATNAMANI METALS & TUBES LIMITED 
 
 
 
ANIL MALOO 
COMPANY SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
 
Encl.: As above  
 

===== PAGE 2 =====
Page 1 of 19  
 
 
“Ratnamani Metals & Tubes Limited  
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 18, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
 
MANAGEMENT : M R. MANOJ SANGHVI –  CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER –  
RATNAMANI METALS & TUBES LIMITED  
 M R. VIMAL KATTA –  CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER –  
RATNAMANI METALS & TUBES LIMITED  
 
MODERATOR : M R. SAHIL SANGHVI –  MONARCH NETWORTH 
CAPITAL  
 
 


===== PAGE 3 =====
  Ratnamani Metals & Tubes Limited 
  May 18, 2026 
Page 2 of 19  
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Ratnamani Metals & Tubes Limited Q4 
FY26 Earnings Call hosted by Monarch Networth Capital Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sahil Sanghvi from Monarch Networth Capital. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Sahil Sanghvi:  Thank you. Good evening to everyone. On behalf of M onarch Networth Capital, we welcome 
you all to the 4Q FY26 Earnings Conference Call of Ratnamani Metals & Tubes. We are 
delighted to host the management of Ratnamani. And from their side, we have Mr. Manoj 
Sanghvi, the Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Vimal Katta, the Chief Financial Officer. 
So, without taking much time, I'll hand over the call to Mr. Manoj Sanghvi for opening remarks. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Manoj Sanghvi: Yes. Thank you, Sahil. Good evening, everyone. I wa rmly welcome you all and thank you for 
joining us for our performance update for the quarter ended on 31st March 2026. The company 
operated in a challenging business environment during the quarter with continued muted demand 
conditions and adverse geopolitical developments in the Middle East, impacting order booking, 
project execution and overall market sentiment. Des pite these headwinds, the company 
demonstrated strong operational resilience and successfully navigated the evolving situation. 
On a stand-alone basis, our sales for Q4 stood at INR893 crores as against the base of INR1,575 
crores in Q4 of the previous year, which was also t he highest ever quarterly sales in the 
company's history. For the full year as well, stand -alone performance remained impacted by 
subdued demand conditions impacting order inflows a nd resulted in lower capacity utilization. 
The Stainless-Steel division performed broadly in line with the previous year, while the decline 
in overall sales was primarily driven by lower volumes in Carbon Steel division. 
Despite lower volumes, our continued focus on opera tional efficiency, cost optimization and 
improved product mix with higher value-added produc ts ensured that there was no negative 
impact on the EBITDA margins in percentage terms, b oth for the quarter and for the year. We 
also continue to focus on expanding our market thro ugh new geographical areas and product 
application. 
During the year, company further strengthened its portfolio and manufacturing capabilities with 
18-meter spiral welded pipes and expansion of API 5CT product range. I'm also happy to share 
that company continues to remain debt-free on a stand-alone basis. 
The order book has continued to be around INR2,000 crores during the previous year and as on 
1st May 2026 was around INR2,160 crores, while expo rt contributing around INR700 crores, 
providing good revenue visibility for the coming periods. 

===== PAGE 4 =====
  Ratnamani Metals & Tubes Limited 
  May 18, 2026 
Page 3 of 19  
 
Now moving on to our subsidiaries. Ravi Technoforge  continued its strong presence and 
achieved a revenue of INR105 crores during the quar ter, representing a growth of 28% over 
corresponding quarter of last year. For the full ye ar, revenue grew by 33% to INR377 crores. 
Growth was driven by both exports and domestic mark ets, while EBITDA margins improved 
from 10% to 12% due to operational efficiencies.  
Our expansion projects at Ravi Technoforge are proc essing well and will further enhance 
capacity, automation and precision capabilities. Th ese upgrades will also help us step into new 
customer segments.  
Our subsidiary, Ratnamani Finow Spooling Solutions also continued its strong momentum. The 
company achieved a revenue of INR72 crores during t he quarter, registering around 60% over 
the corresponding growth -- 60% over the corresponding quarter of last year. 
FY 2026 was the first full year of operations for R FSS, during which it achieved a revenue of 
INR390 crores. RFSS continues to witness healthy or der inflows and improving execution 
efficiencies. The new manufacturing facility being set up by the company is progressing well 
and is expected to start contributing revenues from the second half of the current financial year. 
On a consolidated basis, our Q4 sales stood at INR1 ,085 crores as against INR1,715 crores in 
the corresponding quarter of the previous year. For  the full year, consolidated sales stood at 
INR4,494 crores compared to INR5,186 crores in FY ' 25. At the consolidated level, the strong 
performance of Ravi Technoforge and RFSS significan tly supported overall group profitability 
with the bearing rings and pipe spooling business emerging as key growth drivers. 
Despite lower revenues, the group-maintained profit ability margin and absolute EBITDA and 
net profit broadly in line with the previous year. Based on the current year's performance, the 
future outlook and the present challenging times, c onservation of resources till things settle 
down, the Board has decided to recommend a lower di vidend of INR10 per share, which will 
still be 500% on the face value. 
Although order booking remained moderate during the  quarter due to delayed project cycles 
arising from current global situation, inquiry levels have started showing signs of improvement 
across key markets. With expected improved demand visibility going forward, strong subsidiary 
momentum, contribution from ongoing expansion proje cts and the positive long-term industry 
outlook, we remain confident of strengthening our m arket position and delivering sustainable 
growth in the years ahead.  
Thank you once again for your continued trust and c onfidence in the company. I'm happy to 
answer questions now. Thanks. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from 
the line of Dhananjai Bagrodia with Alchemy. Please go ahead. Dhananjai, please go ahead with 
your question, and kindly unmute yourself, in case if you are on mute. Since there is no response 
from the participant, we'll move to the next partic ipant. The next question comes from the line 
of Sailesh Raja with 360 ONE Capital Market. Please go ahead. 

===== PAGE 5 =====
  Ratnamani Metals & Tubes Limited 
  May 18, 2026 
Page 4 of 19  
 
Sailesh Raja: Hello? 
Moderator: Yes Sailesh. Please go ahead. 
Sailesh Raja: Yes. So, there is excess capacity available in dome stic stainless-steel pipe industry, while 
demand also remains weak, which is getting reflecte d in our order backlog numbers. So 
historically, this segment has not witnessed meaningful pricing pressure, but the dynamics now 
it is completely different. Almost every carbon ste el company has entered into stainless-steel 
space. 
Sir, do you believe that there is a structural chan ge underway in the profitability per metric in 
stainless steel? And also, this is also very capital-intensive business with historically, very good 
margins also. But if margins begin to decline structurally, where do you see the best deployment 
opportunity for Ratnamani incremental? 
For example, if we generate INR100 incremental cash  flow, so how much we'll deploy it in 
LSAW, HSAW, bearing and pipe spooling business? Bec ause if you see in the current capex 
cycle, we are spending only INR50 crores, yes pertaining to stainless-steel out of INR770 crores, 
the capacity that we are creating in India. So, cou ld you please talk about the Stainless-steel 
division? 
Manoj Sanghvi: So just to correct, give you the correct perspectiv e. The stainless-steel volume in the last fiscal 
year actually went up, not down, but the prices were down. So, we were more or less flattish on 
the revenue. 
Sailesh Raja: Okay. 
Manoj Sanghvi: Yes. Yes, a lot of carbon steel players plus other players, the competition intensity in stainless 
steel or carbon steel is increasing. However, most of the capacity is for the pierced seamless 
products. So which market as it is, Ratnamani is not catering to. So, our -- still our focus remains 
on high value-added extruded products, where only one new player is supposed to come. I don't 
know by when, but it will take some time before the  new capacities in the extruded segment 
comes. 
Sailesh Raja: Okay. Okay.  
Manoj Sanghvi: Yes. 
Sailesh Raja: So, in the near future, is there any capex plan in stainless-steel division or focus will be fully? 
Manoj Sanghvi: Debottlenecking capex is going on. We are investing  -- we are already doing instrumentation 
tubes in straight length. Now we are executing a few orders in the coil form, and we will continue 
to increase the capacity over there. We are plannin g for a new tube mill on the welded side. 
Since it is -- all the capex put together is not si gnificant, it is not -- or it is part of our routin e 
capex. So, it is not highlighted separately. 
Sailesh Raja: Okay. Thank you, sir. Sir, on the line pipe side, that opportunity appears very promising in both 
domestic as well as exports market. There are multi ple pipeline projects being discussed in 

===== PAGE 6 =====
  Ratnamani Metals & Tubes Limited 
  May 18, 2026 
Page 5 of 19  
 
Saudi, including the sea pipeline opportunity from Middle East to India. So as mentioned, there 
could be a sizable opportunity in stainless steel i n the Middle East preconstruction activity 
gathers pace. 
So ADNOC is also talking about doubling the exports . So how do you see the business 
opportunity evolving for us, both in Stainless-stee l, Carbon Steel division for us over the next 
one, two years? 
Manoj Sanghvi: No. With the current situation internationally, definitely, once this is over, we don't know today 
by when it will be over or by when things will be normal. But yes, definitely, not only in Middle 
East, but domestic as well as other parts of the world, we will see a push in carbon steel pipes as 
well as stainless-steel tubes and pipes because ref ineries, petrochemical plants, whatever is 
damaged, plus the new expansion once the oil is tra nsported from, say, the point of originating 
to wherever it goes. 
So, the refining capex petrochemical plants, also w e will see capex. And we feel that, yes, in 
two months, three months from now, we'll see -- if things normalize, we'll see the demand. Of 
course, many projects are announced, but detailed w orking of that will be done. So, in another 
three months, six months, we will see those demand -- those kind of demand for both stainless 
steel and carbon steel pipes coming in. 
Sailesh Raja: Yes. Okay, sir. Thank you, sir. All the best. 
Manoj Sanghvi: Thank you.   
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Divyansh Gupta with Latent PMS. Please go ahead. 
Divyansh Gupta: Hi, sir.  I have actually a question for each of the business verticals. Starting with the spool pipes 
business. So, is the understanding correct that the spool pipe assembly that we give is more of a 
onetime in the nuclear plant? And if yes, then the question is that how are we seeing the order 
book build out? Where is the order book -- where are the orders coming from? 
And what is giving us confidence to expand our capacity given that even if someone says, I want 
to do a nuclear plant today, the requirement of the pipe might come, let's say, two or three years 
down the line when the actual fitment of nut and bolt is expected to happen? 
Manoj Sanghvi: Yes. Thank you. So, your first question was whether it is a one-time requirement. No, it is not a 
onetime requirement. Now -- and with the current si tuation globally and the amount of data 
centers being announced, not only in India, but els ewhere, the demand for power will go up. 
Only thermal or only renewable will not be able to suffice the future power requirement. 
Saying that, we feel that not only in India and wit h the vision of our honorable Prime Minister 
by 2047, where he wants to have, say, 100 gigawatts  of nuclear plant, not only in India, but 
internationally, also a lot of nuclear power projec ts have been announced so us being at the 
moment, the only nuclear approved facility from Ind ia for Nuclear Power Corporation of India 
Limited, plus internationally also, now we've been approved to supply for projects in Egypt, 
Turkey, Hungary. So, we see that there is good potential for RFSS to grow from here. 

===== PAGE 7 =====
  Ratnamani Metals & Tubes Limited 
  May 18, 2026 
Page 6 of 19  
 
Divyansh Gupta: Got it. And when you say it is not a one-time product, so then, let's say, how -- at what frequency 
is the product replaced? The life of the spool pipe is let say? 
Manoj Sanghvi: So, any nuclear power plant, greenfield new project , say, for 1 gigawatt, 4,000 to 5,000 tons of 
pipe spools are required. Now currently, considering what the number of plants India is planning 
plus the other geographies what they are planning, this plant will be booked itself for the new 
nuclear power plants. 
Divyansh Gupta: Got it. Understood. Understood. On RTL, the question was that what is the percentage of either 
exports or deemed exports? And does the tariff equalization now in the U.S. brings any tailwind 
or any contracts which were delayed because of tari ffs starting back -- coming back on the 
discussion table? And how should we see the business ramp-up happening? 
Manoj Sanghvi: So, we have the data for physical exports, which is between 35% to 40% for Ravi Technoforge. 
Deemed export, we don't have the exact data, but 50 % of what we supply to the domestic 
manufacturers, SKF, Schaeffler or the other bearing  manufacturers. I think 40% to 50% of that 
is exported by them. 
Divyansh Gupta: Got it. So about 60%, 60% to 65% at least is gettin g exported. And they get exported to -- so 
yes, the U.S. tariff and which geographies are they getting exported to? 
Manoj Sanghvi: Europe, U.S., also rest of the world. 
Divyansh Gupta: And is there a broad mix that you can give? 
Manoj Sanghvi: No. See, we would not have that data in detail, but our customers would definitely, yes. 
Divyansh Gupta: Understood. Coming to the Middle East plant that we  were planning to set up, I see the date is 
still March of 2027. So, if you can give updates on  two aspects. Does the current war leads to -
- has led to any delays or, let's say, reevaluation of time lines? And where are we currently after 
the initial certificate that we got to -- or the ap proval that we got that, okay, we can start doing 
the greenfield -- start doing the capex activity in Middle East? 
Manoj Sanghvi: Yes. So, considering that things will normalize say, in another month or so, we still are confident 
that we'll be able to finish the project, especially the trials within March 2027. The current status, 
if I say the design and engineering is complete. It has been submitted to authorities for approval. 
Once it is approved, the contractor will be finaliz ed for construction and simultaneously, we'll 
be ordering all the machinery. 
Divyansh Gupta: Understood. Sorry, yes. 
Manoj Sanghvi: Yes. 
Divyansh Gupta: Sorry, continue. 
Manoj Sanghvi: Yes. So, we are also waiting at the moment for things to normalize, so we can award the contracts 
for construction. So as of now, we still remain con fident that the project can be finished within 
March 2027. If there is any spillage, it can be of three months. 

===== PAGE 8 =====
  Ratnamani Metals & Tubes Limited 
  May 18, 2026 
Page 7 of 19  
 
Divyansh Gupta: Got it. And coming to the stand-alone entity, which  is the fourth business vertical, the order 
today, if you can split it between CS and SS? Second question is, given that, let's say, given the 
government financials are under strain, I'm guessin g the Jal Jeevan Nigam is under stress and 
similarly, the oil and gas is also under strain. So , what is the traction we are getting in CGD? 
Because at least the article says that CGD is seein g a lot of traction. And you mentioned that 
inquiries are coming. So where are these inquiries coming from? And any particular segment 
where we are seeing a lot of inquiries coming in? 
Vimal Katta: On order book, Manojji, if you permit. 
Manoj Sanghvi: Yes, yes. 
Vimal Katta: I'll just share. As of 1st May, it was INR2,162 crores, out of which INR531 crores was stainless 
steel and INR1,631 crores was carbon steel. And out  of this INR2,162 crores, INR697 crores 
was the export component, okay? 
Divyansh Gupta: Got it. Understood. And on the inquiry part, where are the inquiries coming from? And are we 
seeing any tailwind because of CGD? 
Manoj Sanghvi: So domestic, there are a few inquiries from gas tra nsmission companies. Then there are a few 
inquiries on stainless steel from the refinery segm ent and the petrochemical segment, some 
portion in the renewable energy segment. Also, if we see the thermal power segment, where our 
stainless-steel products go for high-pressure heater tubes and low-pressure heater tubes plus the 
condenser tube. 
So, we are seeing strong demand from there also. Oi l and gas, still, yes, Middle East, we are 
hearing there are a few projects. However, they are going slow because still the shipping system 
or the shipping lines are not willing to or even if  they are willing to -- the cost is too high. So 
once that normalizes, the real picture of demand from Middle East we will know. 
Divyansh Gupta: Understood. Understood. Thanks for answers. I'll join back the queue so that others can ask. 
Manoj Sanghvi: Thank you. 
Divyansh Gupta: Yes. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Tanmay Agarwal with Niveshaay. Please 
go ahead. 
Tanmay Agarwal: Hello, am I audible? 
Manoj Sanghvi: Yes, yes, you are. 
Tanmay Agarwal: Okay. Sir, my first question is with 80 gigawatts o f thermal and renewable power capacity 
expected to be added over the next four to five years, could you help us to size the stainless-steel 
opportunity both in volume and value terms? Specifi cally, what is approximate tonnage of 
stainless-steel tubes required per gigawatt of addi tional capacity? And what share of this 
opportunity is Ratnamani positioned to address? 

===== PAGE 9 =====
  Ratnamani Metals & Tubes Limited 
  May 18, 2026 
Page 8 of 19  
 
Manoj Sanghvi: Can you repeat the first part because your voice was not very clear. 
Tanmay Agarwal: Sure, sir. With 80 gigawatt of thermal and renewable power capacity expected to be added over 
the next four to five years, could you help us to size the stainless-steel tube opportunity, both in 
volume and value terms? 
Manoj Sanghvi: I don't have the exact number at the moment. But for power plant, as I mentioned just before this 
question, that we are major suppliers for the heat exchangers, high pressure, low pressure as well 
as the condenser tubes. So, all put together, the v olumes for the power segment is substantial, 
which before, say, 2025 or 2024, the power demand w as quite less. Our supplies to power 
demand -- the -- power sector had gone down. However, for the next five years, we feel and we 
see that the demand is going to remain quite strong in this segment. 
Tanmay Agarwal: Okay, sir. Sir, my another question is regarding Mi ddle East and O&G demand. Sir, what -- 
given the significant infrastructure disruption tha t had happened in the Middle East due to the 
ongoing conflicts, are you seeing any incremental i nquiry or order inflow in the oil and gas 
segment, either from reconstruction activity or from the accelerated pipeline build-out? 
Manoj Sanghvi: Not yet. We have been hearing various projects. How ever, the actual demand or the actual 
inquiry is not yet seen. Two major factors. One, th e shipping -- because whatever orders we 
have, we are unable to ship still because only few ports we can ship to, and they are able to 
handle limited cargo. Plus, the other ports where we want to send the material.  
However, the vessel is either charging, say, obnoxious amount, which the customer is not willing 
to accept. So, until and unless things settle, of course, on paper, we see a lot of demand. But the 
actual demand on ground, we will only know once things settle down. 
Tanmay Agarwal: Okay, sure, sir. Thank you from my side. 
Manoj Sanghvi: Thank you. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Netra Deshpande with Mirae Asset Sharekhan. Please 
go ahead. 
Netra Deshpande: Yes. Am I audible? 
Manoj Sanghvi: Yes, you are. 
Netra Deshpande: Yes. Thank you so much for opportunity. To start wi th about two questions which I have. Can 
you give me a breakup volume for the CS and SS pipe  for the forward guidance and the 
realization per ton? And what would be the any othe r like new product mix, which is you are 
going to -- any other plans for the capacity expansions and the new product mix, which is going 
to be there for the further year? So, this is my fi rst question. Exact volume breakup for the 
revenue guidance or you can say for the volume and sales for CS and SS. 
Manoj Sanghvi: Yes. So, see, carbon steel, the volumes have gone down, considering that we were shifting some 
capacity the whole year, out of the whole year 9, 1 0 months, there was a shift of capacity from 

===== PAGE 10 =====
  Ratnamani Metals & Tubes Limited 
  May 18, 2026 
Page 9 of 19  
 
one location to another location. So, during the year, if you see, we started production at Orissa. 
So that capacity is back up and running. 
Another modification what we did in Kutch, where we  used to manufacture pipes in the length 
of 12 meters. So now that plant is capable to manufacture pipes up to 18 meters. So, we are back 
to our capacity what it was before last financial y ear. And for stainless steel, there has been 
volume growth, as indicated earlier. However, in th e price terms, we are more or less, say, 5% 
to 10% higher than the previous year. 
Netra Deshpande: Okay. So, realization would be -- for the FY '27 would be -- we can expect 5%, right? 
Manoj Sanghvi: Our budget for the year, say, is close to anywhere -- on a stand-alone basis, anywhere between 
INR4,800 crores to INR5,000 crores. 
Netra Deshpande:  Okay. Okay. 
Manoj Sanghvi: Yes. Yes. 
Netra Deshpande:  And yes, thank you, sir. And with my second questio n about -- as we have seen in the balance 
sheet, we have maintained with the low debt and again the net cash. So, what will be the position 
for the -- like I just would like to get the breakup of net cash position? And what is the target for 
the further -- as given with the capex cycle, what would be the further forward guidance for you 
can say the further debt level position for the next two years? 
Manoj Sanghvi: Yes. We are working on two, three projects. So once  those materialize, we will be able to give 
you the guidance on the cash flows or the cash that  the company has. At the moment, what is 
the amount available, Kattaji, if you can please reply to that? 
Vimal Katta: As on date, also we will be having close to INR800 crores available as free cash with the 
company. And whatever little debt is getting reflec ted in the balance sheet that is basically in 
case of any requirement. So, we have FD-OD faciliti es. So minor utilization might be there. 
Otherwise, company is 100% debt-free as far as regular bank limits are concerned. 
Netra Deshpande:   Okay. Okay. Thank you so much, sir. Thanks. 
Manoj Sanghvi:  Thank you. 
Netra Deshpande: All the best. Yes. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Saurabh Pa twa with Quest Investment Management. 
Please go ahead. 
Saurabh Patwa: Hello. 
Moderator: Please go ahead, sir. 
Saurabh Patwa: Yes. Sir, thanks a lot, sir, for giving this opport unity, sir. Just two, three questions. One is, sir,  
given this year, you had some spillover -- some del ay in dispatch of the products which you 

===== PAGE 11 =====
  Ratnamani Metals & Tubes Limited 
  May 18, 2026 
Page 10  of 19  
 
would already because of the export orders because of the Middle East issues and the order book 
which you have, if this spills over and over time d uring the year, if this normalizes, so will this 
INR4,800 crores to INR5,000 crores of target which you have is including this? Or is this for 
the current year's target and this can have a higher number? 
Manoj Sanghvi: No, it is -- the INR4,800 crores, what we say is considering that things will normalize soon. 
Saurabh Patwa: And last year, dispatches also will happen. 
Manoj Sanghvi: Last year, we had -- say, we were sitting on about INR100 crores to INR150 crores worth of 
material, which was about to be shipped. It could not be shipped because of this conflict. 
Saurabh Patwa: Correct. And sir, secondly, this year, we had a las t 2 quarters, we are having close to 40% kind 
of decline in our volumes despite a growth in stainless-steel. So, assuming this thing normalizes, 
and we get some growth back in this carbon steel, h ow does this impact margins? Because I 
believe stainless-steel is much higher margin. So, will the margins get impacted negatively? 
Manoj Sanghvi: No. The moment things normalizes, we will see a lot of projects, right? So, we will get our share 
of margin of carbon steel product. 
Saurabh Patwa: Okay. Okay. So, the current margins of carbon steel  are depressed? Is this -- or like last year's 
carbon steel margins were slightly depressed compared to historical past? 
Manoj Sanghvi: Yes. Not -- I would say not depressed, depressed, b ut the mix changed, right? Because a lot of 
it was water projects, not oil and gas. Now going f orward, the demand for oil and gas and the 
Jal Jeevan Mission, both will be there. So, if we m anage the product mix well, definitely, we'll 
be able to sustain the margins. 
Saurabh Patwa: So, we should be able to deliver 16% to 18% margins. This is a fair understanding? 
Vimal Katta: See, basically, higher utilization of capacities will result into better absorption of fixed costs. So 
that negative impact of higher contribution coming from line pipes, carbon steel line pipes will 
not be that significant. 1% here and there might be  there. In the longer run, this 16% to 18% 
seems to be sustainable range. 
Saurabh Patwa: Understood, sir. Understood. And sir, just lastly, was there any forex impact positive or negative 
this year compared to last year in this quarter? 
Vimal Katta: Forex, basically because exports have been significant. We have been positive on the receivable 
side. So positive impact has been there. That figur e for the entire year will be closer to INR45 
crores. 
Saurabh Patwa: Okay. 
Vimal Katta: Yes. 
Saurabh Patwa: Okay, sir. Thanks a lot, sir, and all the best. 

===== PAGE 12 =====
  Ratnamani Metals & Tubes Limited 
  May 18, 2026 
Page 11  of 19  
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of  Dhruv Saraf with Bowhead India Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Dhruv Saraf: Good afternoon, sir. Just wanted to understand, you've alluded to the fact that power demand for 
stainless-steel tubes from the power sector remains  to be very buoyant. Sir, but this is also a 
space where piercing technology is gaining wide acc eptance. So, do you see a situation where 
your margins in power will be lower than your margi n that you earned in the past because of 
new acceptance of piercing? Do you see that as a threat to you? 
Manoj Sanghvi: See, yes, I think it is echoing. Hello? 
Moderator: Yes, sir. Please go ahead. 
Manoj Sanghvi: Yes, see, substantial capacities have been added in  stainless-steel seamless segment. Products 
are being accepted. If you say that, I would say, y es, they are being accepted. But at the same 
time, we see failures also happening. Recent fire or heat exchanger failure at one of the refineries 
in Rajasthan was a major failure and the tubes are to be replaced or is to be replaced in a month. 
So piercing technology, yes, it is accepted. 
Short-term, maybe, yes, margins. There will be a pr essure. However, we continue to enter new 
segments like defence, which is increasing for us, aerospace, which is increasing for us. So, we 
will move up the ladder. We'll try to -- that marke t in India is growing. So, it's an opportunity 
for us. Yes, power, we might have a little compromi se on the margins, but I think that 
phenomenon may be temporary. 
Dhruv Saraf: There might be eventually reluctance to accept piercing going forward, let's say, 2, 3 years down 
the line in heat exchanger in power and refineries.  Could there be like a rollback in that side or 
from piercing again? 
Manoj Sanghvi: Many end users have limited the tubes to be manufactured by extruded mother hollows. And we 
see addition or the increase in number of such end users. That's all I can say. 
Dhruv Saraf: Okay. So, there's been an increase in the number of end users who have restricted their demand 
to only extruded. That's what you said, if I'm getting it right. 
Manoj Sanghvi: For tubes, yes. 
Dhruv Saraf: Okay. That will be very helpful. Sir, just one more  question on the export business, especially 
on stainless-steel, sir. So, Europe is coming with this carbon border adjustment mechanism later 
this year. And there is also some factor about reducing the quota of Indian stainless-steel exports 
to the continent. So, do you think it's going to be  a big game changer either positively or 
negatively for your export business, especially in stainless-steel? 
Manoj Sanghvi: Short-term, I don't see any major impact on us. See, finally, there has to be local manufacturing 
or this is to support the local manufacturing. Now the local manufacturing will also adjust the 
price accordingly. And if the demand is more than the supply, the price adjustment will happen 

===== PAGE 13 =====
  Ratnamani Metals & Tubes Limited 
  May 18, 2026 
Page 12  of 19  
 
itself. So short-term, not a major impact. But yes,  long-term, if it continues, we will see local 
manufacturers expanding their capacities. And yes, that is where the impact can come. 
Dhruv Saraf: Understood, sir. Understood. But that would be a 5,  6, 7-year phenomenon, but it's not more of 
a 2, 3year…  
Manoj Sanghvi: Yes. Yes. 
Dhruv Saraf: Sure. Understood, sir. Thank you so much, sir. I'll get back in the queue. 
Manoj Sanghvi: Thank you. 
Vimal Katta: Thank you. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Deepak Sodhi with Sundaram Mutual Fund. Please go 
ahead. 
Deepak Sodhi: Yes, thank you for the opportunity. Am I audible? 
Manoj Sanghvi: Yes, you are. 
Deepak Sodhi: Yes. Hi, sir. Sir, my first question is on pipe spools business. So, if I look at this quarter, we are 
seeing a decline of 63% Q-o-Q because the order book execution is a bit lumpy. But despite this 
63% sales decline on a Q-o-Q basis, your margins has actually gone up by 3% to 4%, right? So, 
what explains this? Is it some inventory gain that we see in this pipe spooling business where 
our lower cost inventory was went into production, Hence, we see an improvement in margin 
despite a 50%, 60% sales decline? 
Vimal Katta: See, basically in Ratnamani, we don't have any pipe spool business, first thing. Second thing, all 
our orders are on fixed price basis and inventory a djustment does not happen because of that 
because inventory is marked against those orders. O nly excess inventory is revalued at the cost 
of market price which is lower. So that... 
Manoj Sanghvi: Kattaji, his question is about pipes spool business, so. 
Vimal Katta: Okay. Okay. But in pipe spool business, the volumes didn't go down. 
Manoj Sanghvi: Yes. So, the pipe spool business volume did not go down. So yes, when did this…  
Deepak Sodhi: Okay. So, you are saying volume did not go down, bu t the realization went up exponentially 
higher. 
Manoj Sanghvi: Yes. See, operational efficiency coming in as the v olume goes up. See, we are -- today, we are 
prepared to manufacture a certain capacity. Now as the utilization increases, the margin 
improvement you are seeing and plus the nature of the order. 
Deepak Sodhi: Okay. And sir, what is our, let's say, growth guidance for this business in FY '27 and also margin 
guidance for pipe spool business? 

===== PAGE 14 =====
  Ratnamani Metals & Tubes Limited 
  May 18, 2026 
Page 13  of 19  
 
Manoj Sanghvi: For spool business, we can see a growth of 20%. 20%, 25% for this particular year. 
Deepak Sodhi: And will you be able to maintain that 30%, 35% margin band? 
Manoj Sanghvi: At the moment, it seems like. However, going forwar d, I think the margins should be in the 
range of 20% to 25%. 
Deepak Sodhi: Okay. And sir, one question I had on your stand-alone pipe business. So, if I look at your order 
book in FY '25 closing, we had a good amount of exp ort order as well as stainless-steel order. 
But if I look at the current closing order book, wh ich ended in March, our stainless-steel order 
book is down and our export order book is also down. So, do you think that 16% to 17% margin 
can be maintained in FY '27? 
 I am aware that you did highlight that the mix wit hin the carbon steel has changed from, let's 
say, water to more oil and gas. So still -- but do you think that 16% to 17% margin can be 
maintained in '27? 
Manoj Sanghvi: Yes. Margins say, 16% plus/minus 1%, definitely, it can be maintained. However, if the conflict 
that we see today extends, say, beyond 3, 4, 5 months, then it will be a totally different scenario. 
Deepak Sodhi: Okay. And sir, when you say that INR4,800 crores, i s it something which you are internally 
factoring? Or is that an aspiration number which we  have, assuming everything comes back to 
normal? 
Manoj Sanghvi: It's assuming that everything will be back to normal in a month's time. 
Deepak Sodhi: Okay. Okay. And sir, lastly, on Ravi Technoforge, I just wanted to know your thoughts because 
in the opening remarks, you said you're looking at new customer segment as your new capex 
comes into operation. So just wanted to understand, means what kind of new customer segment 
are we exploring? And let's say, in FY '27, what is our growth and margin outlook for this Ravi 
Technoforge business? 
Manoj Sanghvi: So same, RTL this year, we can consider a growth of  10% to 15%. However, next year, when 
the new capacity, which we are installing comes int o play, then the new customer and the new 
segment of some auto parts is what we can cater to. 
Deepak Sodhi: Okay. Okay. So, we are toning down our guidance fro m 15% to 20% to 10% to 15% in '27, 
correct? 
Manoj Sanghvi: Yes, yes, 10% to 15%. 
Deepak Sodhi: Okay. Thank you so much, sir. Very helpful. All the best. 
Manoj Sanghvi: Thank you. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Parth Bhavsar with Investec India. Please go ahead. 

===== PAGE 15 =====
  Ratnamani Metals & Tubes Limited 
  May 18, 2026 
Page 14  of 19  
 
Parth Bhavsar: Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, I -- m y first question is related to the spooling 
business. Sir, what is the outstanding order book over here? 
Manoj Sanghvi: Current outstanding order book is…  
Parth Bhavsar: For spooling, yes. 
Manoj Sanghvi: I think it is close to INR550 crores. Kattaji… 
Parth Bhavsar: Okay. So INR550 crores. So, sir, basically, what we are saying is INR4,800 crores to INR5,000 
crores from the stand-alone business, 10% to 15% gr owth for Ravi Technoforge and another 
20% sort of 20%, 25% growth for Finow, right?  
Manoj Sanghvi: Right. 
Parth Bhavsar: Got it. Got it. And sir, like just continuing previous participant's question, you said that margins 
would be stable or you'll be able to hold it becaus e your mix in carbon steel would be on the 
better side. 
But sir, like still like if you look at our order book outstanding for SS, it's quite lower, right? So, 
on a year-on-year basis, I'm assuming that carbon steel profitability per ton or however you see 
it, it will still be lower, right, versus CS? So th at should have a bearing on our -- that should -- 
yes, versus SS, even though your CS share, both rev enue and even the mix goes up, but it will 
still be lower than SS, right, which should have a bearing on our EBITDA margin numbers? 
Manoj Sanghvi: Yes, but a lot of stainless-steel projects are also under bidding. So, we will continue to maintain 
that mix of order book, both for stainless-steel as well as carbon steel. 
Parth Bhavsar: Got it. And sir, what is our capex number for '27 and '28 absolute number? 
Manoj Sanghvi: At the moment, on stand-alone basis, we have one capex, which is for Saudi. 
Parth Bhavsar:  Yes, cold-finished. 
Manoj Sanghvi: Yes, other than that, the routine capex items, I think INR150 crores to INR200 crores. 
Parth Bhavsar:  Okay. Got it. Got it. Perfect, sir. Thank you so much for answering my questions. 
Manoj Sanghvi: Thank you. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Divyansh Gupta with Latent PMS. Please go ahead. 
Divyansh Gupta: Hello. Hi, sir. The question was, does RTL also have an order book kind of a metric or it's more... 
Manoj Sanghvi: They have a schedule kind of a metric. 
Divyansh Gupta: Got it. 

===== PAGE 16 =====
  Ratnamani Metals & Tubes Limited 
  May 18, 2026 
Page 15  of 19  
 
Manoj Sanghvi: Early forecast based on calendar year is submitted by the international customers and domestic 
customers based on the financial year, they give the yearly forecast. 
Divyansh Gupta: Got it. And this growth guidance for RTL that we have given, how much of it is, let's say, through 
forecast? And is there a delta? Or how should we se e the current forecast against the growth 
guidance? Is there a gap? 
Manoj Sanghvi: No, there is no gap against the forecast and our guidance. 
Divyansh Gupta: But that implies that there is no incremental order  win expected because of capacity constraint. 
Is that... 
Manoj Sanghvi: We have limited scope of increasing that a little bit. 
Divyansh Gupta: Got it. Understood. Understood. And in the order bo ok, what would be the exposure to the Jal 
Jeevan Mission or Water segment? 
Manoj Sanghvi: At the moment, not much. I think all put together, say, Jal Jeevan Mission or not Jal Jeevan 
Mission, water all put together would be INR300 crores to INR400 crores. 
Divyansh Gupta: Got it. Got it. And understood. And sir, on the spo oling business, so the INR550 crores order 
book that we have is expected to be, let's say, converted into revenue over what timeline? 
Manoj Sanghvi: So, this year, about INR500 crores will be -- INR48 0 crores to INR500 crores is what we plan 
within this year. 
Divyansh Gupta: Got it. Understood. And the last question on the sp ool pipe itself. So, let's say, if someone is 
setting up a nuclear plant from a land acquisition to the actual, let's say, it going into super critical 
or whatever the plant going critical, right? At what stage does a EPC player, I'm guessing, place 
his order with Ratnamani to say that I need x tons of spool pipes of this design and configuration. 
And how much is the lead time to design and deliver the pipes? 
Manoj Sanghvi: Yes. Once the land is acquired, I think anywhere be tween 1 to 1.5 years, pipe spools will be 
ordered. 
Divyansh Gupta: Got it. And for us to manufacture and deliver, it w ould take how much time on an average? I 
know spec to spec things can change, but... 
Manoj Sanghvi: 4,000, 5,000 tons every year, maybe 1,500 tons order is what is required to be supplied. 
Divyansh Gupta: No, I was asking from a timeline perspective. You g ot an order today. So, you need to 
manufacture and deliver it in, let's say, 6 months, a year or there is a whole schedule that. 
Manoj Sanghvi: Yes.  It starts from 6 months and goes on up to 18 months maybe in this. 
Divyansh Gupta:  Got it. So that then implies that, that INR550 cror es of order book is basically at more or less 
like a fag end of the order books, order pipeline, right? Because INR550 crores order book, 
INR500 crores is done -- is expected to be done within this year? 

===== PAGE 17 =====
  Ratnamani Metals & Tubes Limited 
  May 18, 2026 
Page 16  of 19  
 
Manoj Sanghvi: Yes. 
Divyansh Gupta: So, what is the active pipeline of orders that we h ave either being nominated or being under 
negotiation or under bidding? And what is our typical one? 
Manoj Sanghvi: Total bidding right now is close to $400 million, $ 500 million. How much we will get, we will 
only be able to say when the time comes. 
Divyansh Gupta: Got it. And I'm guessing there's no historical past  win rate that we can refer given the newness 
of the business. 
Manoj Sanghvi: No, no. 
Divyansh Gupta: Got it. Understood. Understood. Yes, that's it from my side. Thank you. 
Manoj Sanghvi: Thank you. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Dhruv Sara f with Bowhead India Fund. Please go 
ahead. 
Dhruv Saraf: Sir, just wanted to check, in your FY '24 annual re port, you had mentioned that the export 
business was roughly 40% of the stainless-steel business. Sir, what would be the rough ballpark 
figure now if you don't want to give specific numbers? 
Manoj Sanghvi: Export of stainless-steel division? Hello? 
Dhruv Saraf: Yes, sir. I'm talking about the export business in stainless. 
Manoj Sanghvi: Yes. So, it varies between 35% to 40% of our volumes. 
Dhruv Saraf: Of your volumes. Okay, sir. Sir, just one more foll ow-up on the carbon steel business. You've 
repeatedly highlighted that oil and gas capex in th e country has been weak. But sir, if I were to 
just look at, let's say, the number of CGD connections that have been rolled out, which I can see 
from the PNGRB website, that seems to paint a diffe rent picture compared to what we've been 
speaking about. So, can you help me reconcile the d ifference? Is it a different sector within oil 
and gas you're speaking about? Or is it something t hat I'm missing? So, you can help me 
understand this? 
Manoj Sanghvi: So, what is the question that the CGD numbers are going up and... 
Dhruv Saraf: Yet somehow, it's not trickling down to line pipe d emand for us. So, I'm just not being able to 
tie both the situation. 
Manoj Sanghvi: No. So, pipe procurement is the first phase for any  CGD operator. So, whatever was procured, 
say, from '21 to '24, you would see those connections going up because of that network. 

===== PAGE 18 =====
  Ratnamani Metals & Tubes Limited 
  May 18, 2026 
Page 17  of 19  
 
Dhruv Saraf: Understood. Okay. And sir, the recent government ruling that has come out about accelerating -
- further accelerating the CGD rollout, can that le ad to front-loading of a lot of demand in this 
space for us over the next, say what, 12 months? 
Manoj Sanghvi: Yes. All the CGD operators have been -- by the government have been informed to increase the 
network. But of course, again, there are private pl ayers, viability and at this steel price and the 
capex cycle, whether it is viable or not, those stu dies will go on, yes. But eventually, once 
everything settles, yes, the demand for CGD also will go up. 
Dhruv Saraf: Okay, sir. And where you're talking about CGD could be mostly, let's say, ERW or would it also 
be extra LSAW for the long-distance pipeline? 
Manoj Sanghvi: No, mostly ERW pipes. 
Dhruv Saraf: Okay. Okay, sure. That would help. Thank you so much. 
Manoj Sanghvi: Thank you. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Saurabh Pa twa with Quest Investment Management. 
Please go ahead. 
Saurabh Patwa: Hello. Yes, sir. Thanks a lot for giving this follow-up opportunity. Just 2 things quickly, sir. One 
is that this INR4,800 crores kind of a target which you have, for the stand-alone business or for 
the entire company? 
Manoj Sanghvi: It's on a stand-alone basis. 
Saurabh Patwa: Okay. And this is on the basis of the current prici ng? Or is that you already built in the orders 
which you have, some of these would actually have t he raw material price increases already 
there. How do you plan to cope up with that, sir? Do you have those levers with you to increase 
the pricing in some of these cases? 
Manoj Sanghvi: No. So, for orders, whatever we have, say, raw material is already tied up. We don't -- our orders 
are mostly back-to-back. 
Saurabh Patwa: Okay. And this target which you have includes -- is  based on the current pricing for the -- 
assuming you get the increment orders this year. 
Manoj Sanghvi: It is considering, yes, the current price. 
Saurabh Patwa: Okay. Okay. Great, sir. Thanks a lot, sir. All the best. 
Manoj Sanghvi: Thank you. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Sonal with Prescient Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sonal  Minhas: Hi, sir.  This is Sonal Minhas. I hope I'm audible. 
Manoj Sanghvi:  Yes, you are, sir. 

===== PAGE 19 =====
  Ratnamani Metals & Tubes Limited 
  May 18, 2026 
Page 18  of 19  
 
Sonal Minhas: Sir, my question is again with regard to the guidan ce for the stand-alone business. When you 
compare it to your stand-alone numbers for this year and then see the guidance, it means roughly 
more than 25% growth in the stand-alone business ba sically. So just want to double check and 
understand what gives us the confidence in our order book compared to same time last year is a 
little bit lower. If there is anything significant in terms of wins, order accretion, which you can 
talk about to help us understand the stand-alone business, that's all. 
Manoj Sanghvi: So, there are two things. One, the capacity which w as not available, which was being shifted 
from one location to another location is now operat ional in this year. So, one sector of growth 
or one scope of growth is from that particular capa city. So, we are going to -- if we see we are 
going to reach back to what we were a year back. 
Sonal Minhas: Got it, sir. And the demand remains the same as the  year back? Basically, that is what the 
assumption is here. 
Manoj Sanghvi: Yes. At the moment, with whatever announcements we see, definitely, the third and fourth 
quarter seems to be quite promising. However, as indicated earlier, things -- we hope that things 
settle down in the next month or so. 
Sonal Minhas: Got it. Got it, sir. That's it from my side. Thank you. 
Manoj Sanghvi: Thank you. 
Moderator: A reminder to all participants, you may press star and one to ask a question. The next question 
comes from the line of Parth Bhavsar with Investec India. Please go ahead. 
Parth Bhavsar:   Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity.  Sir, just one question. How are we exposed with the gas 
supply? Like what percentage of cost has been increased? And how are the supplies currently? 
Manoj Sanghvi: Increase has been substantial. So yes, the cost par t has gone up. Supply is currently still not an 
issue. 
Parth Bhavsar: And this would only hit your carbon steel pipe side of business, right? 
Manoj Sanghvi: Some part of stainless-steel also because we have some heat treatment furnaces working on gas. 
Parth Bhavsar: Right. Okay. So, sir, what percentage would it be l ike in terms of total cost on stand-alone or 
whatever, like whatever you can help me with the cost increase? 
Manoj Sanghvi: I don't have that number at hand. 
Parth Bhavsar: Okay. No worries, sir. 
Manoj Sanghvi: Thank you. 
Parth Bhavsar: Thank you. 

===== PAGE 20 =====
  Ratnamani Metals & Tubes Limited 
  May 18, 2026 
Page 19  of 19  
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question fo r today. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Sahil Sanghvi for the closing remarks. 
Sahil Sanghvi: I just wanted to thank all the participants for joi ning the call and also thank you, management, 
for very patiently answering all the questions. Manoj, sir, any closing remarks from your side? 
Manoj Sanghvi: Yes. Just a thank you message to everyone for parti cipating. In case if you have any further 
questions, you can reach out to us. Thanks. Bye. 
Sahil Sanghvi: Thank you. Thank you, everybody. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Monarch Networth Capital Limited, that 
concludes this conference call. Thank you for joini ng us, and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
