SOURCE: inputs/peer-concalls/RATNAMANI-Concall_Nov_2024_Transcript.pdf
PAGES: 14


===== PAGE 1 =====
 
RMTL/SEC/POST-TRANS.CON-CALL/Q2/2024-25                                          November 21, 2024   
BSE Ltd. 
Corporate Relationship Department 
1st  Floor, New Trading Ring, 
Rotunda Building, P. J. Tower,  
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai – 400 001  
Company Code : 520111 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
“Exchange Plaza”, 5th Floor,  
Bandra – Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E),  
Mumbai - 400 051 
Company  Code : RATNAMANI 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Investor Conference Call  post unaudited Financial Results 
(Standalone and Consolidated) of the Company for th e quarter and half year 
ended on September 30, 2024 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
We, vide our letter dated November 8, 2024, had int imated to the Stock Exchanges about the 
schedule of the Investor Conference Call on Monday,  November 18, 2024 post Unaudited 
Financial Results (Standalone and Consolidated) of the Company for the quarter and half year 
ended on September 30, 2024 and future outlook of the Company’s business. 
 
The Conference Call recordings have already been uploaded on the website of the Company and 
a link was provided vide our letter dated November 18, 2024.   
 
We, now enclose a copy of the Transcript of the Inv estor Conference Call which took place as 
scheduled. Please note that the Con-Call was attend ed on behalf of the management of the 
Company by Shri Manoj P. Sanghvi, Whole Time Direct or and Chief Executive Officer and               
Shri Vimal Katta, Executive Director (Fin.) and Chief Financial Officer.   
 
The said transcript is also being uploaded on the Company’s website at www.ratnamani.com .   
 
The Company has referred to publicly available docu ments / information for discussions during 
the interaction in the Conference Call and no Unpub lished Price Sensitive Information were 
intended to share during the Conference Call.  
 
Kindly take the above on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For, RATNAMANI METALS & TUBES LIMITED 
 
 
ANIL MALOO 
COMPANY SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
 
Encl.: As above  
 

===== PAGE 2 =====
 Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
 
“Ratnamani Metals & Tubes Limited Q2 FY '25 
Earnings Conference Call” 
November 18, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT : M R. MANOJ SANGHVI –  CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER , 
RATNAMANI METALS & TUBES LIMITED  
MR. VIMAL KATTA –  CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER , 
RATNAMANI METALS & TUBES LIMITED  
MODERATOR : M R. SAHIL SANGHVI –  MONARCH NETWORTH CAPITAL  


===== PAGE 3 =====
 Ratnamani Metals & Tubes Limited 
November 18, 2024 
 
 Page 2 of 13 
 
Moderator:  Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Ratnamani Metals & Tubes Limited Q2 FY 
'25 Earnings Conference Call, hosted by Monarch Networth Capital.  
 As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference, please signal and operator by pressing "*" and then "0" on your touch tone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sahil Sanghv i from Monarch Networth Capital. Thank you 
and over to you, sir. 
Sahil Sanghvi:  Yes. Thank you, Darwin. Good evening to everyone. On behalf of Monarch Networth Capital, we 
welcome you all for the 2Q and First Half FY '25 Earnings Call of the Ratnamani Metals & Tubes. 
We are delighted to host the Management of Ratnaman i, and from their side we have Mr. Manoj 
Sanghvi – Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Vimal Ka tta – Chief Financial Officer.  
 So, without taking much time, I will hand over the  call to Mr. Manoj Sanghvi for their “Opening 
Remarks”. Thank you and over to you, Manoj sir. 
Manoj Sanghvi:  Yes. Thank you, Sahil. Good evening, everyone. I w elcome you all to this call and hope everyone 
is doing good. Let me first take this opportunity t o wish you all a very happy New Year and 
season's greetings from Ratnamani. Our results for Q2 and half year have been uploaded on the 
exchanges, and I believe all had the opportunity to go through the same.  
 On standalone basis, in quarter two our company ha s clocked the revenue of Rs. 917 crores and 
EBITDA of Rs. 168 crores for the half year. The rev enues were Rs. 2,039 crores with EBITA of 
Rs. 335 odd crores. The EBITDA margin expanded in Q 2, but for the first half it was broadly in 
line with our target range, a bit higher side of th e band due to the better export product mix and 
lower input prices. We are confident of maintaining  our EBITDA margins, as guided earlier, on 
annualized basis. However, on the revenue front, some dip may be witnessed. The dip is basically 
because of the soft metal prices and delay in some projects and offtake at the end customers' end.  
 As you all know, past few months demand in oil and  gas remained subdued in India, but has been 
good in MENA region. In the last quarter, we witnes sed some slowdown for dispatch clearance 
from customers due to seasonal factors and the proj ect delays, but things are looking better now 
and expected to improve in future. Due to soft and stable steel prices, our industry has seen good 
demand into water segments, industrial and exports.  However, the domestic oil and gas projects 
and CGD business is expected to remain muted for near future, and yet to show signs of any pickup. 
But the business traction in the other segments lik e water line pipes, industrial supplies and SS 
pipes and tubes continue to remain quite encouraged. Presently, all our plants are operating at 50% 
to 60% utilization, except the ERW pipes where the demand load is quite low.  

===== PAGE 4 =====
 Ratnamani Metals & Tubes Limited 
November 18, 2024 
 
 Page 3 of 13 
 
 Our orders on hand as on 1st November was approxim ately Rs. 2,900 plus crores. In line with our 
strategy to invest further into specialized and high value added products, with improving efficiency 
and utilization, we have decided for setting up cold finishing projects out of India. When we meet 
for the next call, we shall share more details abou t this project. At this stage, we can only reveal 
that the broader project cost is estimated around $40 million.  
 We have commissioned our project for manufacturing  of heavy thickness pipes. This will further 
enhance our product basket for specialized applicat ion, and have started getting good response 
from the market for this segment. As we move forwar d, we are seeing more sustainable growth 
with product bouquets and approvals we have, best in segment facilities with benchmark qualities 
operating and financial leverage we enjoy.  
 Now, regarding our subsidiaries, Ravi Technoforge has clocked a total revenue of approximately 
Rs. 138 crores, with operationalized EBITDA margin of approximate 10-plus-percentage. On the 
year-on-year basis, the revenues increased by 11% d espite soft steel prices. EBITDA grew 
marginally by 4%, but profit declined due to higher  depreciation and interest cost because of 
CAPEX.  
 As informed to the exchanges, we have completed th e acquisition of another 27% at Rs. 81 per 
share, which was based on the financial metrics and  customary adjustment as per our agreement. 
As informed earlier, we are putting up some more automation and value addition facilities. We are 
also setting up an 8 megawatts captive solar power plant and expect the same to be commissioned 
in next four to five months. Our few developed prod ucts could not be commercialized due to 
geographical disturbance at the target customer side.  
 Domestic demand seems to be stable and expecting d emand from Europe and US to start showing 
signs of recovery in quarters to come. For our spoo ling business, we have started commercial 
supplies for basic hangers and support systems. We expect our piped spool business to commence 
within this quarter. The order booking and expansio n program is largely on track, and presently 
the complete focus is on executing jobs and developing capabilities.  
 That's all from our side. Now, I would like to inv ite questions from the participants. Thanks. 
Moderator:  Thank you very much. We will now begin the questio n-and-answer session. We have the first 
question from the line of Muskan from B&K Securities. Please go ahead. 
Muskan:  Sir, the joint venture with 51% stake that we have  with technoenergy, that is a group based out of 
Switzerland, what will be the business opportunity from the products under spooling umbrella and 
domestic and in exports? And how easy is it to get the customer approval and their acceptance? 
And also, are there any other competitors to cater in this space? 
Manoj Sanghvi:  So, to answer your first question that is, as we s peak, we have close to order backlog of Rs. 650 
crores for the pipe spool business. Customer approv al is in place. Executions will start. We will 
see some dispatches in this quarter and some in the  next quarter. However, most of it will be 

===== PAGE 5 =====
 Ratnamani Metals & Tubes Limited 
November 18, 2024 
 
 Page 4 of 13 
 
dispatched during the next financial year. So, this year, our target for the spooling business is close 
to Rs. 150 crores. 
Muskan:  Sir, how many competitors are there in this space,  in this spooling business? 
Manoj Sanghvi:  There are a lot of pipes, spooling fabricators in India. However they are mostly into oil and gas 
segment. Whereas what orders on hand we have is fro m the nuclear division. So, not much 
competition at the moment for the nuclear project. 
Muskan:  And sir, like what's the demand scenario in spooli ng business, in domestic and in exports, what's 
the opportunity there? 
Manoj Sanghvi:  So, not only in India, but along with our partners  we are bidding for projects overseas also. So, we 
are quite hopeful that going forward, out of the total spooling business, 75% would still come from 
the nuclear business and 25% would be from the oil and gas segment, two to three years from now. 
Muskan:  Sir, you mentioned in the concall that JV will hel p to cater the oil, gas and commercial business 
and nuclear plants, like you mentioned right now. Can this spooling product contribute to Rs. 500 
crores revenue next four, five years? And also, can  you please guide us on the EBITDA margins 
that we get under spooling and auxiliary products? 
Manoj Sanghvi:  So, as we speak, we already have orders on hand of  close to Rs. 650 crores. Rs. 150 crores is our 
dispatch plan for this year. Next year, we will target anywhere between Rs. 400 crores to Rs. 500 
crores, and EBITDA margin would be similar to our blended EBITDA of metals and tubes today. 
Moderator:  Thank you. We have the next question from the line  of Abhishek Ghosh from DSP Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Ghosh:  Sir, just wanted to understand in terms of the big  pipeline, how is it looking, both in the line pipe  
and the process pipes, both at the carbon and the SS segment of it?  
Manoj Sanghvi:  Yes, Abhishek ji, thank you. So, as indicated in m y opening remarks, line pipes, oil and gas, the 
demand is still quite muted. We are expecting some tenders. However, the timelines at the moment 
it is very difficult to say. SS and carbon steel, both processed pipes, the demand in India is a little 
bit on the lower side. However, there's a lot of tr action from Middle East and we have been 
receiving a lot of orders from Middle East for the same.  
Abhishek Ghosh:  And sir, in terms of in terms of the water project s and the oil and gas in India, anything in terms 
of traction in the second-half or going forward? Be cause so far we have had election in the 
monsoons, but how should we look at it from a 12 to 15-month perspective, anything to demarcate 
between oil and gas and water segment, sir? 
Manoj Sanghvi:  Yes. So, water, if you see the order backlog, we h ad quite good substantial order backlog from 
water segment also. However, because of monsoon, th e uplifting of pipes in the previous quarter 

===== PAGE 6 =====
 Ratnamani Metals & Tubes Limited 
November 18, 2024 
 
 Page 5 of 13 
 
was less. So, in this quarter and the next quarter,  normally all the water pipes, because laying 
activities are much faster. So, in the next two quarters we are going to see covering up, basically.  
Abhishek Ghosh:  And I don't know if you have kind of said out earl ier, but broadly will you be able to maintain the 
growth of 8%, 9% odd, that kind of growth one shoul d expect in the current year, given that the 
second-half is going to be stronger given higher uplift in replacement and other things? 
Manoj Sanghvi:  So, standalone basis, I would say we would still b e close to between Rs. 5,000 crores to Rs. 5,200 
crores. So, yes, we still maintain that there would be a growth of 8% to 10%.  
Abhishek Ghosh:  So, that visibility is there, it's just that for F Y '26 you will need to see higher inflows to be able to 
grow from there on? 
Manoj Sanghvi:  We are seeing some visibility, especially from the  Middle East, Europe some projects. And if we 
see the order backlog also, it has started improving. So, going forward next year, maybe in the last 
quarter we will be able to give you the exact numbe rs. However, 8% to 10% should not be an 
issue. 
Abhishek Ghosh:  And sir, just in terms of capital allocation, how should we look at it over the next 12 to 15 months, 
which are the large CAPEX that we will incur? And which are the new capacities which are coming 
in in terms of old roles or any other products, if you can help us with that?  
Manoj Sanghvi:  We had two expansions which were ongoing, one was our spiral plant in Orissa, which will be 
commissioned in the first quarter of next financial year. Then we had another project of increasing 
our capacity in stainless steel cold finishing plan t, that will be operational in this quarter. Other 
than these two projects, we have two projects which  has been approved in the current board 
meeting which is setting up a greenfield plant in t he Middle East for cold finishing activities and 
setting up another plant for manufacturing of auto parts in RTL. These are the two projects, the 
one in Middle East, our budget is close to $40 million and the one in India where we plan to expand 
capacities in RTL is close to Rs. 240 crores, Rs. 250 crores. 
Abhishek Ghosh:  So, overall, Rs. 550 crores, Rs. 600 crores of ove rall capital allocation, growth CAPEX, the new 
ones which have been announced? 
Manoj Sanghvi:  Yes.  
Abhishek Ghosh:  And what will be the timeline for these two to com e through in terms of commissioning? 
Manoj Sanghvi:  So, 18 to 24 months for both. 18 months for say st art of the production, however, the approvals 
and everything in place, within 24 months.  
Abhishek Ghosh:  And that is because you are seeing a lot of strong  opportunity as far as your exports of SS pipes 
are concerned, I am saying the greenfield unit which you are putting up in Middle East, is there a 
lot of good option coming through?  

===== PAGE 7 =====
 Ratnamani Metals & Tubes Limited 
November 18, 2024 
 
 Page 6 of 13 
 
Manoj Sanghvi:  Yes, we have been already catering to this market.  We have a substantial market share. One is, of 
course, looking at the market size and what we are supplying from here. Another is, these days 
with the countries being protective and the local c ontent required, that is another reason for us to 
set up this plant in Middle East.  
Abhishek Ghosh:  And sir, just one last question in terms of the RT L expansion, is it the same product profile of Ravi 
Technoforge or is it newer products which you intend to do with this expansion?  
Manoj Sanghvi:  It will be newer products which we will add to the  basket. Plus, the existing products can also be 
made on the same machine. But our aim is to have a diversified product portfolio over there. 
Moderator:  Thank you. The next question is from the line of D heeraj Dave from Samvad Financial Services 
LPP. Please go ahead. 
Dheeraj Dave:  Question I have is, basically we see a significant  increase in inventory of finished goods and work 
in progress as per results, almost Rs. 120 crores w hich was last quarter Rs. 60 crores, and year 
before it was kind of Rs. 36 crores. So, is it like, as in previous question and answer management 
indicated that water demands or water pipes demand project is delayed. So, is it a buildup of that? 
And how do management feel, does it mean some kind of adversely hitting margin for the 
September quarter? If you can elaborate, that would be helpful. 
Manoj Sanghvi:  No. So, as indicated, most of it was because of th e monsoon, which the water pipes especially we 
had quite a bit of inventory which was there.  
Dheeraj Dave:  If you have to give a broad breakup, approximate b reakup, say Rs. 120 crores increase, so how 
much would be like water pipe or project related thing as compared to what is the normal level? 
Manoj Sanghvi:  About 50% of this would be water pipe and balance would be all other products. 
Dheeraj Dave:  Okay, 50% would be water pipes. And when it will b e implemented or the sales will be affected, 
would we see kind of operating leverage giving some kind of better margin in Q3 and Q4? 
Manoj Sanghvi:  So, this quarter, most of it will be liquidated an d will come to a normalized level of inventory. 
Dheeraj Dave:  And we do expect kind of standalone sales top line  of around Rs. 5,000 crores to Rs. 5,500 crores, 
right? 
Manoj Sanghvi:  Yes, it will be Rs. 5,000 crores, plus say about R s. 200 crores. 
Dheeraj Dave:  And any guidance on EBITDA, would it be at same le vel or it would be affected adversely? 
Manoj Sanghvi:  Yes. Here our yearly guidance will remain the same , 16% to 18%, in between that anyway. 
Moderator:  Thank you. The next question is from the line of A shutosh Tiwari from Equirus Securities. Please 
go ahead. 

===== PAGE 8 =====
 Ratnamani Metals & Tubes Limited 
November 18, 2024 
 
 Page 7 of 13 
 
Ashutosh Tiwari:  So, firstly on this spooling JV, for top line guid ance of Rs. 450 crores to Rs. 500 crores, what kind 
of investment we need to make in this year, next year? 
Manoj Sanghvi:  Yes. So, this spooling JV, whatever we have target ed, say for next year, which is Rs. 400 crores 
to Rs. 500 crores, investments are in place or happ ening at the moment. Phase-2 of investments 
for pheno has been approved, so there our total investment outlay is close to Rs. 240 odd crores. 
Ashutosh Tiwari:  And this will be spent in which year? 
Manoj Sanghvi:  This will be spent mostly next year, part of it wi ll be spent maybe 25%, 30% in this year, and 
balance in next year. 
Ashutosh Tiwari:  And how much was the Phase-1, would it be? 
Manoj Sanghvi:  Sorry, can you repeat the question? 
Ashutosh Tiwari:  What is the Phase-1 CAPEX? 
Manoj Sanghvi:  There is one CAPEX, Katta ji, can we have that num ber? 
Vimal Katta:  Phase-1 will be hardly around Rs. 50 crores, Rs. 6 0 crores at the most, yes. 
Ashutosh Tiwari:  So, in total around Rs. 300 crores CAPEX? 
Vimal Katta:  Yes, yes. 
Ashutosh Tiwari:  And this will be, because JV is 51:49, so it will be half by us and half by the partners? 
Vimal Katta:  Yes. 
Ashutosh Tiwari:  So, right now you mentioned that line pipe is a bi t weak in oil and gas, but exports are doing better 
and process pipes generally are better off? 
Manoj Sanghvi:  Yes. 
Ashutosh Tiwari:  So, that means that, I mean, those are generally b etter margin products really for us, exports and 
the process pipes? 
Manoj Sanghvi:  Yes, exports, process pipe, in stainless steel we have welded also, we have seamless also. So, all 
put together, yes, some margins are better, some are average. 
Ashutosh Tiwari:  So, I think second-half will be very strong. And o n the export side, I think with this cold finishing 
line getting completed in this quarter, you think that there is further addition to order book for SS 
seamless side, because that's an area where we have been also expanding our product portfolio? 

===== PAGE 9 =====
 Ratnamani Metals & Tubes Limited 
November 18, 2024 
 
 Page 8 of 13 
 
Manoj Sanghvi:  Yes, we will see utilization from this or the next  quarter on the added capacity of cold finishing 
facilities. 
Ashutosh Tiwari:  So, SS order book should ideally improve from here  over the next three, four quarters? 
Manoj Sanghvi:  Yes, yes. 
Ashutosh Tiwari:  So, between the two, I mean, can you guide like sa y between SS and CS where you think the 
growth will be higher over say next two to three years for us? 
Manoj Sanghvi:  So, stainless steel, definitely with this cold fin ishing facilities and another cold finishing facili ty 
which we plan to set up in the Middle East will be growth from there. However, the asset turnover 
ratio being less in stainless steel maybe in terms of number, however, the margins will be quite 
different. At the same time, carbon steel revenue g rowth will be quite strong after Orissa comes 
in, plus our heavy thickness plant once the utilization goes up. 
Ashutosh Tiwari:  And how has been the progress in European market? I mean, that's one market that we are focusing 
a lot. 
Manoj Sanghvi:  Europe is, overall globally if you see the prices are soft, but demand uptake is still there. 
Ashutosh Tiwari:  So, we are seeing improvement in our market share slowly in that market? 
Manoj Sanghvi:  Yes, yes. 
Moderator:  Thank you. We have the next question from the line  of Dhananjay Bagrodia from ASK. Please go 
ahead. 
Dhananjay Bagrodia:  I just wanted to ask you sir, now, could you give any color on like volumes, this revenue degrowth 
how much would be from volumes and how much would be from steel price decrease? 
Manoj Sanghvi:  Can you please repeat, I missed in between? 
Dhananjay Bagrodia:  Sir, for our revenue, how much would have been vol umes decrease and how much would have 
been realization decrease? 
Manoj Sanghvi:  For the first two quarters? 
Dhananjay Bagrodia:  No, for the second quarter for standalone any colo r on how much would have been realization 
decrease and how much would have been volume decrease? 
Manoj Sanghvi:  Realization decrease would be anywhere close to 15 %, approximately. 
Dhananjay Bagrodia:  And sir, for us, which segment would have done bet ter in terms of carbon steel versus stainless 
steel? 

===== PAGE 10 =====
 Ratnamani Metals & Tubes Limited 
November 18, 2024 
 
 Page 9 of 13 
 
Manoj Sanghvi:  No. So, basically, if we see the second quarter, o ther than line pipes all the other are what we had 
budgeted for. So, the line price is a little slow, as indicated earlier. 
Dhananjay Bagrodia:  And sir, now one of our competitors has been speak ing of a lot of strong growth in stainless steel. 
Are we also seeing the same traction globally? And how, say we were able to ramp up volumes in 
this, direct for strong volumes going ahead also wo uld we see similar numbers in our stainless 
steel? 
Manoj Sanghvi:  I do not know which competitor, but we still consi der a growth of 10% to 15% on stainless steel 
is what we can continue at. Plus, if we see a lot o f competitors, especially on stainless steel 
seamless are increasing, and that too with the piercing technology. We have recently two or three 
other manufacturers who have come in, and two or th ree other companies who have announced 
that they are putting up a stainless-steel piercing plant. 
Dhananjay Bagrodia:  And sir, there was a company NCLT which was bought  by Jindal Stainless, would we have looked 
at that? Because it was a good capacity and very reasonable price compared to other people cross 
the block for the same cost for the same capacity, did we look at that? 
Manoj Sanghvi:  I am not aware what company, was it stainless stee l or carbon steel? 
Dhananjay Bagrodia:  No, stainless steel, Rathi. 
Manoj Sanghvi:  Which one? 
Dhananjay Bagrodia:  Rathi. 
Manoj Sanghvi:  I have not heard of this company, so I do not know . 
Dhananjay Bagrodia:  Sir, Jindal Stainless announced this acquisition. 
Manoj Sanghvi:  Jindal Stainless, they would have taken over somet hing which has to do with maybe ornamental 
and infrastructure pipes. So, we are not into that segment at the moment. 
Moderator:  Thank you. The next question is from the line of S ahil Sanghvi from Monarch Networth Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Sahil Sanghvi:  Sir, can you just give me some more details on the  heavy thickness pipes? I mean, where exactly 
are we aiming to, I mean, which are these pockets w here we will be targeting these pipes? And I 
mean what dimensions are there? And what kind of CAPEX we incurred for this? 
Manoj Sanghvi:  Our CAPEX total was close to Rs. 50 crores, Rs. 60  odd crores. And we would mostly be catering 
to the offshore industries. It can be an offshore o il and gas platform; it can be an offshore wind 
farm. 
Sahil Sanghvi:  And now the asset turnover will be roughly 2x? 

===== PAGE 11 =====
 Ratnamani Metals & Tubes Limited 
November 18, 2024 
 
 Page 10 of 13 
 
Manoj Sanghvi:  Yes, 2x, 2.5x. 
Sahil Sanghvi:  Also wanted to understand, I think in the first ha lf we have spent about Rs. 160 crores in CAPEX, 
the number I can see from the cash flow. So, what i s the targeted CAPEX spend for this year and 
next year, if you can give some guidance? 
Manoj Sanghvi:  So, standalone I think so we have Orissa, which is  going on, and of course the some equipments 
on stainless steel cold finishing facility. Other t han that most of it for Middle East would come 
maybe in the next financial year. 
Sahil Sanghvi:  And the Phase-2 of spooling also will be there, ri ght? 
Manoj Sanghvi:  Yes. 
Sahil Sanghvi:  So, this year, on the consol side we should be som ewhere around Rs. 200 crores or less than that? 
Manoj Sanghvi:  For the balance, yes, close to anywhere between Rs . 150 crores to Rs. 200 crores. 
Sahil Sanghvi:  And next year, would you be able to give some numb er? 
Manoj Sanghvi:  Next year, all put together, roughly Rs. 300 crore s, Rs. 350 crores. 
Moderator:  Thank you. The next question is from the line of D heeraj Dave from Samvad Financial Services 
LLP. Please go ahead. 
Dheeraj Dave:  Sir, what is the breakup of export and domestic sa les during this quarter and how do you see in 
next year or FY '26? 
Manoj Sanghvi:  Say, almost 50:50, what we have orders on hand is almost 50:50. 
Vimal Katta:  See, almost one-third of turnover came from export s in this quarter. 
Manoj Sanghvi:  Yes. On the revenue side it is 30:70 or 35:65. How ever, orders on hand is almost 50:50. 
Dheeraj Dave:  So, basically, there is a 50:50 export and domesti c. But what we understand is that generally the 
demand environment as well as volume from Middle East and other markets were better vis-a-vis 
Indian market, particularly kind of thing. So, the ratio would remain same, or it would change? 
Vimal Katta:  So, historically, normally our exports are anywher e between 30% to 40%. But since domestic 
demand is muted, exports we see a good demand. So, orders on hand also you can see that visibility 
that it is 50:50 now. 
Dheeraj Dave:  So, we would be getting into that area? 
Manoj Sanghvi:  Yes.  

===== PAGE 12 =====
 Ratnamani Metals & Tubes Limited 
November 18, 2024 
 
 Page 11 of 13 
 
Dheeraj Dave:  And generally export market is more remunerative? 
Manoj Sanghvi:  Export market is more? 
Dheeraj Dave:  Remunerative, profitability is better or is equal?  
Manoj Sanghvi:  It depends from product to product, but yes for so me certain products you can say that. 
Moderator:  Thank you. The next question is from the line of M uskan from B&K Securities. Please go ahead. 
Muskan:  Sir, what is the potential revenue from the joint venture with both the phases of CAPEX that we 
have for these Rs. 300 crores? 
Manoj Sanghvi:  So, with the CAPEX, say for RTL, our revenue poten tial can go up to Rs. 700 crores, Rs. 750 odd 
crores. And for pheno, with the additional CAPEX of Phase-2, same again we can go between Rs. 
600 crores to Rs. 700 crores. 
Muskan:  Sir, another question is, what is the current hot extrusion and cold finishing capacity in stainless 
steel? And how much of cold finishing we are expanding in domestic market? 
Manoj Sanghvi:  So, our total capacity for seamless products is 30 ,000 tons, which is hot finishing capacity, of 
which cold finish is roughly 10,000 tons, and we are adding another 1,200 tons. 
Muskan:  And the capacity number in spooling with two phase s of CAPEX in tonnage numbers? 
Manoj Sanghvi:  For? 
Muskan:  The capacity number in spooling with two phases th at we are doing, the Rs. 300 crores CAPEX, 
what would be the capacity number in tonnage terms? 
Manoj Sanghvi:  Capacity number for spooling will be anywhere clos e to 3,500 tons. 
Moderator:  Thank you. We have the next question from the line  of Asim from DAM Capital. Please go ahead. 
Asim:  So, one clarification I wanted, so on an earlier q uestion of, you said realization is down 15%, is 
that for the industry as a whole or for Ratnamani's product mix in particular? 
Manoj Sanghvi:  No, if you have similar company, it must be for th e industry as a whole because steel prices, 
stainless steel prices or for that matter the commodity have gone down by that much percentage. 
Asim:  That is the raw material price basically, right? F or us, given our product mix and the line pipe you 
said was weak, how much would blended realization be down Q-o-Q or Y-o-Y? 
Manoj Sanghvi:  On an average 10% to 15%. 

===== PAGE 13 =====
 Ratnamani Metals & Tubes Limited 
November 18, 2024 
 
 Page 12 of 13 
 
Vimal Katta:  Manoj ji, I am trying to step in. See, in Q2 if yo u look at stainless still and carbon steel both, 
blended, I am not bifurcating between process pipes  and line pipes, so it will be close to 16.6%, 
both, in stainless steel and carbon steel for Q2 co mpared to the corresponding quarter of last 
financial year.  
Asim:  How does that compare vis-a-vis Q1?  
Vimal Katta:  See, if we look at Q1, then movement will be much lower, it might be close to 8% to 10% sort of 
thing in case of stainless steel. And in carbon steel, it was better than Q1. 
Asim:  For carbon steel there was a growth Q-o-Q? 
Vimal Katta:  Yes. Because see, quarter one and quarter two you cannot compare, because in Q2 the dispatches 
of process pipes were higher so realization will also be higher.  
Asim:  So, theoretically, line pipes being weak in Q2 ver sus Q1 helped you in realizations Q-o-Q? 
Vimal Katta:  Yes, yes. Because process pipes is a better margin  business. And raw material will also be different 
for process pipes.  
Asim:  And just a theoretical question, when we talk abou t process pipes and carbon steel, besides the 
usual coated pipes or painted pipes, what other pro duct categories are there in process pipes for 
carbon steel? 
Manoj Sanghvi:  So, it is the same kind of pipes. Maybe the coatin g is different, the grade is different, the 
specification is different, but pipes as such will remain same. The input material, the output sizes, 
various sizes, that's the difference. 
Asim:  It's the coating that may differ, not necessarily thickness. 
Manoj Sanghvi:  No, it can be quoted, it can be bare, line pipes i s one particular size, it goes on for kilometers. So, 
your utilization of the plant is much better. Howev er, when it is processed pipe, you have maybe 
100 sizes, 150 sizes, so the number of sizes are much more, diameters will vary. 
Asim:  And last question, approximately in your total vol ume of carbon steel, how much percentage would 
process pipes be? 
Manoj Sanghvi:  Of the carbon steel? 
Asim:  Yes. 
Manoj Sanghvi:  I think roughly 20-odd-percent, 20%, 25%. 
Moderator:  Thank you. We have the next question from the line  of Sriram R, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 

===== PAGE 14 =====
 Ratnamani Metals & Tubes Limited 
November 18, 2024 
 
 Page 13 of 13 
 
Sriram R.:  Sir, can you give us sector breakdown of your orde r book, like how much would be from oil and 
gas, renewables, steel, cement, etc.? 
Manoj Sanghvi:  At the moment I do not have the break up, but can be sent if required. 
Moderator:  Thank you. I would now like to hand the conference  over to Mr. Sahil Sanghvi for closing 
comments. Over to you, sir. 
Sahil Sanghvi:  Yes. I just want to thank the management for very elaborately answering all the questions, and 
also thank all the participants for joining the cal l. Manoj sir, would you like to give any closing 
comments, please? 
Manoj Sanghvi:  Yes. I would just like to thank everybody for thei r time and listening to us patiently. And we wish 
you all a great time ahead. Thank you. 
Vimal Katta:  Thank you. 
Moderator:  Thank you. On behalf of Monarch Networth Capital, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
