SOURCE: inputs/peer-concalls/RATNAMANI-Concall_Nov_2025_Transcript.pdf
PAGES: 15


===== PAGE 1 =====
 
RMTL/SEC/POST-TRANS.CON-CALL/Q2/2025-26                                          November 13, 2025   
BSE Ltd. 
Corporate Relationship Department 
1st  Floor, New Trading Ring, 
Rotunda Building, P. J. Tower,  
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai – 400 001  
Company Code : 520111 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
“Exchange Plaza”, 5th Floor,  
Bandra – Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E),  
Mumbai - 400 051 
Company  Code : RATNAMANI 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Investor Conference Call  post Unaudited Financial Results 
(Standalone and Consolidated) of the Company for th e second quarter and half 
year ended on September 30, 2025 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
We, vide our letter dated October 31, 2025, had int imated to the Stock Exchanges about the 
schedule of the Investor Conference Call on Monday,  November 10, 2025 for discussion on the 
Unaudited Financial Results (Standalone and Consoli dated) of the Company for the second 
quarter and half year ended on September 30, 2025 a nd future outlook of the Company’s 
business. 
 
The copy of the Investors’ Presentation was uploaded on the website of the Company and on the 
website of the Stock Exchanges on November 10, 2025  prior to beginning of Conference Call. 
Likewise, the Conference Call recordings was upload ed on the website of the Company and a 
link was provided vide our letter dated November 10, 2025.   
 
We, now enclose a copy of the Transcript of the Inv estor Conference Call which took place as 
scheduled above. The said transcript is also being uploaded on the Company’s website at 
www.ratnamani.com .   
 
The Company has referred to publicly available docu ments / information for discussions during 
the interaction in the Conference Call and no Unpub lished Price Sensitive Information were 
intended to share during the Conference Call.  
 
Kindly take the above on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For, RATNAMANI METALS & TUBES LIMITED 
 
 
 
ANIL MALOO 
COMPANY SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
 
Encl.: As above  
 

===== PAGE 2 =====
 
 Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
“Ratnamani Metals & Tubes Limited Q2 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 10, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
MANAGEMENT : M R. MANOJ SANGHVI –  CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER , 
RATNAMANI METALS & TUBES LIMITED  
MR. VIMAL KATTA –  CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER , 
RATNAMANI METALS & TUBES LIMITED  
 
MODERATOR : M R. SAHIL SANGHVI –M ONARCH NETWORTH 
CAPITAL LIMITED  


===== PAGE 3 =====
 Ratnamani Metals & Tubes Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Ratnamani Metals & Tubes Limited Q2 
FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. 
 As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the pres entation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sahil Sanghv i. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sahil Sanghvi:  Thank you, Shravani. Good evening to everyone. On behalf of Monarch Networth Capital, we 
welcome you all to the 2Q FY '26 Earnings Con Call of Ratnamani Metals & Tubes.  
 We are delighted to host the management of Ratnama ni and from their side we have Mr. 
Manoj Sanghvi – the Chief Executive Officer and Mr.  Vimal Katta – the Chief Financial 
Officer.  
 So, without taking much time, I will hand over the  call to Mr. Manoj Sanghvi for the opening 
remarks. Thank you, and over to you, Manoj Sir. 
Manoj Sanghvi:  Thank you, Sahil. Good evening everyone. I warmly welcome you and thank you all for 
joining the performance update for Quarter and Half Year Ended 30th September '25.  
I am happy to share that our performance for Q2 has  been strong and our subsidiaries RTL and 
RFSS have gained momentum. On a standalone basis, our sales stood at INR 940 crores, which 
is 5% increase over the same quarter last year. And  on a consolidated basis, our sales were 
INR 1,191 crores, reflecting a robust 23% growth co mpared to corresponding quarters of the 
previous year.  
Talking about Standalone Results: 
Overall volumes improved during the quarter. Howeve r, revenue growth was modest due to 
softer input prices and product mix. Growth during this quarter was mainly driven by Carbon 
Steel segment.  
The domestic market continues to remain somewhat su bdued, but we are confident of 
maintaining volume growth across all product catego ries. While revenue may stay flattish or 
show a slight dip, we expect that a strong focus on  operational efficiency and cost control 
should help maintaining EBITDA in the range of 16% to 18%.  

===== PAGE 4 =====
 Ratnamani Metals & Tubes Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 3 of 14 
We also achieved several important milestones durin g the period. Namely, we commissioned 
the Phase-I of Orissa plant and the Phase-II is expected to be commissioned in the next quarter. 
We successfully pioneered supply of hydrogen-compliant carbon steel welded pipes to Europe.  
Our Kutch plant received the API monogram certifica tion from American Petroleum Institute, 
enabling new business opportunities for stainless-steel line pipes, namely, as per API 5LC. The 
Kutch plant was also conferred with National Award of Excellence in Energy Management by 
CII.  
Now, moving to subsidiaries: 
RTL continued its strong performance, achieving a r evenue of INR 95.6 crores, a 40% growth 
over the corresponding quarter of last year. This g rowth comes from both export and domestic 
sales. Its EBITDA margins improved from 9% to 13% d ue to operational improvements. We 
remain optimistic of achieving 15% to 20% year-on-y ear growth over the next 2-3 years, 
supported by healthy order visibility. Our expansio n projects at RTL are progressing well and 
will further increase our capacity. The upgrades wi ll also help us step into new customer 
segments.  
Our another subsidiary, Ratnamani Finow Spooling So lutions, manufacturing spools for 
nuclear power plants, is also gaining traction. It achieved a revenue of INR 110 crores during 
the quarter. RFSS has a strong order inflow visibil ity and execution processes are improving 
every day. We maintain our INR 300 crores plus reve nue guidance for the full year for RFSS. 
Including the results of RTL and RFSS, profitabilit y ratios of our consolidated results have 
further improved.  
Coming to a few updates on our corporate structure: 
We have acquired the remaining 40% equity stake in our Switzerland-based entity, Ratnamani 
Trade EU, making it a wholly-owned subsidiary. At R TL, we restructured the shareholding 
through rights issue, reducing our holding from 80% to 75%.  
In Saudi Arabia, our subsidiary has now received th e CR, which is Commercial Registration. 
And the activities for setting up stainless-steel m anufacturing plant will begin in the month of 
January. This marks an important step in building our presence in Saudi and GCC market.  
With multiple expansion projects in progress, stron g performance by subsidiaries, and a 
positive industry outlook in long term, we are confident to continue scaling our performance in 
the years ahead. Thank you once again for your cont inued support and confidence in the 
company.  
I would now open the floor for questions, please. Thank you.  

===== PAGE 5 =====
 Ratnamani Metals & Tubes Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 4 of 14 
Moderator:  Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answ er session. The first question is from the 
line of Radha from B&K Securities. Please go ahead.  
Radha:  Many congratulations on the order intake and the F inow turnaround. Sir, my first question is 
on the domestic carbon steel segment, you have witn essed strong order intake of INR 750 
crores this quarter, taking the total order to INR 1,100 crores. So, this comes at a time when the 
commentary of demand scenario from you as well as all the other steel pipe players is subdued. 
So, please help us understand the product mix, how much is water and oil and gas, or process 
pipes from this carbon steel domestic segment, and in which segments are you witnessing 
demand recovery and where are you seeing muted demand? Is there a recovery in ERW? 
Manoj Sanghvi:  Thank you, Radha. The INR 750 crores of order whic h is booked in the carbon steel segment is 
a mix of both line pipes and process pipe. And within line pipes, I would say 60% is for oil and 
gas and 40% is for the water segment. Within oil an d gas, we have some orders for city gas 
distribution as well as for the product pipelines.  
Radha:  Sir, how much is process and how much is line pipe , sir?  
Manoj Sanghvi:  That breakup, I don't have at the moment, but if y ou send an email or if you request by email 
later on, I can give you the breakup.  
Radha:  And secondly, sir, with respect to the demand scen ario of LSAW, HSAW, stainless-steel, 
domestic as well as overseas, which are the regions ? Where do you see a demand recovery or 
good demand or even stable demand? And where are you seeing muted demand?  
Manoj Sanghvi:  Domestic at the moment still, there are few tender s, but not as it was back in 2022-23. Few 
tenders are underbidding, and we expect a lot more next year. So, this is on the domestic line 
pipes front.  
 International geographies, if we see, there is str ong demand within GCC, which is both Saudi 
and Abu Dhabi. And then there is demand, there are few projects in Europe. America at the 
moment, because of the high-duty not only tariffs, but also anti-dumping, so large diameter 
pipe, we are not very hopeful and neither do we supply much to the United States.  
Radha:  And sir, the current order book of Finow, I believ e it stands at INR 500 crore. So, what is the 
execution timeline of the same and the user industr y mix between nuclear, wind and anything 
else that is contained in there?  
Manoj Sanghvi:  So, at the moment, all the orders that we have at RFSS is for the nuclear power industry. Going 
forward, we shall target thermal, some portion of t hermal power plant as well as oil and gas 
spools. However, our current capacity is completely  booked for nuclear projects. Currently, by 
the end of first quarter of next year, this INR 500  crores complete can be executed. In the 

===== PAGE 6 =====
 Ratnamani Metals & Tubes Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 5 of 14 
meantime, we have bid for various projects, and we expect to receive some orders, maybe in 
this quarter or maximum next quarter.  
Radha:  So, INR 500 crores will be executed by 1Q FY '27?  
Manoj Sanghvi:  Correct.  
Radha:  That's great then. Sir, what is the volumes that w e sell, volumes that we have recorded in 
Finow? And what led to higher margins in this business?  
Manoj Sanghvi:  Volumes, you want to know metric ton share?  
Radha:  Yes, sir.  
Manoj Sanghvi:  So, our capacity currently is close to 1,500 tons for the nuclear industry. So, of which currently 
this quarter we have done close to 200 tons.  
Radha:  Can be effective of 1,500 tons, sir? How much can we go maximum?  
Manoj Sanghvi:  With 1,500 tons, we can achieve, say, roughly betw een INR 250 crores, INR 300 crores. But 
by the end of this financial year, as we are expand ing capacity in RFSS, we will have 3,000 to 
4,000 tons of capacity. So, from next year onwards,  at peak utilization we can touch a revenue 
of INR 600 crores to INR 650 crores.  
Radha:  So, what I meant with effective capacities is enti re 1,500 metric ton we can sell or maybe 70% 
of 1,500 metric ton is the maximum that can be sold in terms of volume.  
Manoj Sanghvi:  70% to 80%.  
Radha:  And sir, what is the current rejection rate in the  spools business? And is there any further scope 
for improvement in rejection rate that could lead to further improvement in margins? 
Manoj Sanghvi:  See, a lot of items are bought out items, which af ter rigid inspection, they are brought up. So, 
there can be rework. However, rejection percentage would be very minimal over here.  
Radha:  So, any scope for further margin expansion, sir, i n this business, as compared to 33% that you 
have reported in this quarter?  
Manoj Sanghvi:  See, the first quarter, there is a turnaround. Let  us wait for some time. As efficiency increases, 
productivity will increase. And those impact of those on margin can be seen. Yes, if effectively 
it is managed and executed.  

===== PAGE 7 =====
 Ratnamani Metals & Tubes Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 6 of 14 
Radha:  That's great, sir. We are adding this cold solutio n line in Saudi. So for that, we will be 
requiring mother hollow tubes. So, that would be ex ported from our India facility as we have 
enough capacity here.  
Manoj Sanghvi:  Yes, yes. We plan to export the mother hollow from  India, thereby utilizing the capacity of hot 
finishing here and further processing or doing cold finishing in Saudi.  
Radha:  So, once we do this, so if today's margin is, let' s say, X, then after this entire process is done, 
how much will the margin expansion be well? What percentage?  
Manoj Sanghvi:  So, currently, we are supplying cold-finished tube s from India to Saudi. Definitely margins in 
India are better. However, it is the need of the ho ur for us to be there before anybody. Right 
now, there is one stainless-steel tube and pipe fac ility which is being set up in Saudi, which is 
for hot finish products.  
 However, we plan for cold finish products. So, it is not only increasing our market share once 
we are there, but margins per se, if we see, margin s definitely if we serve the order from India 
will be greater than what we do from Saudi.  
Radha:  So, you are saying one more player is there, so yo u are talking about an Indian player, 
expanding capacity there?  
Manoj Sanghvi:  No, no. There is another player who is putting up a stainless-steel tube and pipe facility for 
stainless-steel tubes and pipes hot finish. He is putting up an extrusion plant.  
Radha:  If you could give the name, sir.  
Manoj Sanghvi:  It is available over the World Wide Web. If you do  a little research, you will find out.  
Radha:  Sir, we have been deploying capital in spools, Rav i, and Saudi. So, with these investments, 
what kind of overall ROCE are you looking at the co mpany when we reach optimal utilization 
for all these new businesses? And according to you,  which division will create more value to 
the company? And where do we as investors and analysts need to focus more?  
Manoj Sanghvi:  So, see, when I talk about Ratnamani, Orissa capac ity utilization will start. And then there is 
another project once it starts in Saudi. Plus, we h ave the circumferential capacity expansion 
which is going on. So, when all put together, we wi ll be at peak, we will be able to touch the 
revenue of INR 6,000 crores on standalone basis.  
 Now, RTL we have with the current CAPEX what we ha ve done plus the CAPEX which is 
ongoing. Both put together we will be able to reach  the revenues of anywhere between INR 
700 crores to INR 750 crores. And RFSS, of course, with the capacity expansion which is 
expected to be online by the first quarter of next financial year, with that we will be able to do 

===== PAGE 8 =====
 Ratnamani Metals & Tubes Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 7 of 14 
another INR 600 crores to INR 700 crores. So, on a consolidated basis, all put together 1,500 
and 6,000, so, INR 7,500 crores in next two to thre e years is what we can look at with, say, 
mid-teens or a little higher mid-teens margin.  
Radha:  That's great. Sir, lastly, I understand you don't discuss specific on the margins. However, in the 
stainless-steel, considering the weak domestic dema nd and size and capacity and also overseas 
tariff issues, say last year, if margin was 100 in the stainless-steel segment, in this year, could 
you help me understand how much has the margin come  down for seamless as well as welded 
separately for you or the industry?  
Manoj Sanghvi:  It is quite a difficult question. In the past also , I have mentioned that product-wise or within the 
product, there are several sub-products. So within seamless also, maybe there is one product 
where margins are similar to what on a group basis we have. However, there are some products 
where margins are very high. So, it is difficult to  break down into seamless, welded, carbon 
steel, ERW, spiral. Consolidated, if we keep, it becomes better and easier for us to explain.  
Radha:  Sir, because your presentation mentioned that ther e is a margin pressure. So, just wanted to 
understand, on a blended basis also, if you keep th e same product mix last year versus this 
year, then what kind of margin pressure the industry is witnessing now?  
Manoj Sanghvi:  No, margin pressure is in one particular segment, which is, say, carbon steel line pipes, and 
that too water. Okay, now oil and gas, there are a few projects. So, pressure because demand 
for the domestic oil and gas or water segment becau se of the payment from the Central 
government is subdued at the moment. However, stain less steel still, of course, there is 
competition from other manufacturers. However, we get our fair share.  
Moderator:  The next question is from the line of Vikas Singh from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead.  
Vikas Singh:  Sir, just wanted to understand, given the good ord er book addition this quarter, can we assume 
that now the next couple of quarters at least we wo uld be able to add the order book whatever 
we are executing or the overall demand scenario is still pretty weak and these are just one-off 
order book additions which we have witnessed at this point of time?  
Manoj Sanghvi:  No, currently, a lot of projects, especially expor t, is underbidding for carbon steel. So, if one or 
maybe two order clicks, definitely this order book will have a jump from here. However, the 
domestic demand is still, as I informed during the last conversation, that domestic demand, 
yes, there are a few tenders. However, it is not to the level where we can see a substantial jump 
in the order book. We will continue to book orders as we did.  
 Quarter-on-quarter, yes, there can be a little lag  because these are tenders. Sometimes the 
government decides on opening the tender a little l ate, which takes it to the next quarter. 
However, the execution for this year, yes, we are s till trying to be as close as possible to the 
last year on standalone basis.  

===== PAGE 9 =====
 Ratnamani Metals & Tubes Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 8 of 14 
Vikas Singh:  So basically, you are saying that similar to last year, while the second half was a little bit better 
versus first half, this kind of scenario can repeat this year as well in terms of overall execution?  
Manoj Sanghvi:  Yes, there is a possibility, because the capacity is available. We already have orders of roughly 
2,000-2,050 in hand. So if all of those, or maybe p artially say INR 1,800-1,900 crores is also 
executed, we can still book another INR 400-500 crores and execute in this financial year.  
Vikas Singh:  And sir, if you could give me a bid book and the b id book split between the export orders 
versus the domestic segment, it would help us to be tter understand the demand coming from 
which pockets actually.  
Manoj Sanghvi:  So, there are various projects if I talk about exp ort in all the product categories which is 
stainless-steel, seamless, welded, carbon steel line pipes as well as process pipes. It is from say 
Abu Dhabi, which is customers like ADNOC or contrac tors who are working for ADNOC. 
Similarly in Saudi for Aramco or Saudi Basic Indust ry, which is SABIC, and then in Europe a 
few gas or hydrogen compliant pipelines.  
Vikas Singh:  Sir, I actually meant the bid book in terms of val ue wise and the split between export value as 
well as the domestic bid book value.  
Manoj Sanghvi:  I do not have at the moment, but next time maybe I  will keep it ready.  
Vikas Singh:  Sir, my second question pertains to Saudi. While w e are doing cold finishing, is there any duty 
structure which basically would be slightly negativ e for us in terms of sending the mother pipe 
or mother hollow to Saudi or we have an understandi ng that we would get in some certain 
exemptions in terms of that? Because nowadays many countries are adding melt and pour 
clause in their product profile. So, just wanted to understand our thought process on that. 
Manoj Sanghvi:  So, as of now, there is no duty on stainless steel , seamless tubes, and pipes because there is no 
local manufacturer. But there is one manufacturer w ho is planning whose capacities are under 
installation. So, as soon as he starts commercial p roduction, yes, there can be duties, custom 
duties to the tune of 10%.  
 But however, what our understanding is that manufa cturing in Saudi with 10% duty, still India 
would be highly competitive. So, sending mother hol lows from here will not be an issue. Until 
yes, there are three, four mother hollows manufacturers in Saudi, then there is a chance of anti-
dumping, but which is not a likely situation in the near future.  
Vikas Singh:  And sir, just lastly, we talked about a lot on the  downstream product development in the 
stainless-steel pipe and tubing division. So, if yo u could give us some idea that what are the 
new products which we have developed their applicat ion and the potential increased market in 
those accounts. So, it would be really helpful.  

===== PAGE 10 =====
 Ratnamani Metals & Tubes Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 9 of 14 
Manoj Sanghvi:  So, it is an ongoing process. There is no particul ar product which I can name here. Both 
stainless-steel seamless, stainless-steel welded, a lso in carbon steel like we just completed the 
supplies for hydrogen compliant pipeline, which is the first from India. Many players have 
done trials before us. However, we were fortunate enough to get this order. And these pipelines 
will now be installed in Europe, which are future hydrogen compliant pipelines.  
 So, similarly, we are trying, of course, various p roduct developments in each category. For 
carbon steel, I can name a few like carbon capture or clad pipes. For stainless-steel, similarly, 
there will be tubes for hydrogen, tubes for other p rocesses. Some grades in fertilizer which are 
not manufactured in India. Electro-polished tubes. So, there are plenty which is an ongoing 
development process which is going on.  
Vikas Singh:  And sir, last year we have actually basically crea ted a subsidiary in Europe. So, this is Trading 
subsidiary, right? So, any inroads we have made thr ough these subsidiaries for our stainless-
steel or carbon steel products so far? Or it is a l ong process, and we will have to wait before 
this starts to fructify?  
Manoj Sanghvi:  No, this particular subsidiary was, say, trade and  stock was only for stainless-steel products, 
not for carbon steel products. Of course, the marke ting person markets carbon steel products 
also, but it is not a stock and sale item for us. Y es, we could better utilize our extrusion press 
because a lot of stainless-steel pipes and hollow bars have been supplied by us to Europe.  
 However, with the recent developments in Europe, w e don't know what is going to happen as 
on 1st January. There are rumors that maybe tariffs  will increase or maybe the quota will be 
reduced to half. So with that in mind, as of now, y es, we are stocking some stainless-steel 
pipes and hollow bars. We will decide post January or February what is to be done. Whether 
we continue to stock or not, we will take a call by end of this financial year.  
Vikas Singh:  That answers to all my questions.  
Moderator:  The next question is from the line of Salil Desai from Marcellus Investment Managers Private 
Limited. Please go ahead.  
Salil Desai:  Sir, my first question is on the Finow JV. How do we recognize revenues? Last three quarters, 
we have seen that going from INR 45 crores to INR 1 3 crores and then INR 110 crores this 
quarter. So, it would be good to understand what de termines and what drives the revenue 
recognition.  
Manoj Sanghvi:  Finow is spool manufacturing wherein a lot of comp onents will come in and of those 
components then we manufacture the spools. And ther e are various stages of inspection not 
only from the client but from the consultant, the c lient, the contractor as well as the design 
engineering provider.  

===== PAGE 11 =====
 Ratnamani Metals & Tubes Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 10 of 14 
 So, execution, yes, quarter on quarter if we see, sometimes we will see a large dip. However, 
we will be there with some inventory waiting inspec tion by the nuclear authorities. So, maybe 
a broader, not looking at quarter-on-quarter, but a  broader horizon, if we see maybe six 
months, it will give a better idea. And going forwa rd since it was just a start, as we do more 
and more execution, we will have answers to many challenges.  
Salil Desai:  So, this should smoothen out a little bit in the f uture, even though because of the inspections 
and all, there might be some volatility that will continue, right? Is that the way to think of it?  
Manoj Sanghvi:  Yes. However, we would stick to our end of the yea r or the guideline that we give for the year. 
Maybe one quarter here and there. But end of the ye ar, we should be close to what we have 
budgeted.  
Salil Desai:  So, second is, there are a couple of questions on volumes. I just want to make sure I 
understand. In the last quarter, we were looking at  a 5% to 10% volume growth in our 
standalone, that is the pipes business. Does that s till stand or do you think that is changing 
now? I think you said flat revenues for this year now, right?  
Manoj Sanghvi:  Yes. If we see half yearly, there is both in carbo n steel and stainless steel, the volumes have 
gone up. Maybe on an average, 10% what we had guide d. However, the commodity prices 
have corrected both in stainless steel and carbon s teel, and a little product mix change which, 
of course, has resulted in the revenue growth not seen.  
Salil Desai:  I see. So, is it possible for you to share the vol ume numbers, the total volume for all products 
put together?  
Manoj Sanghvi:  We will share stainless-steel and carbon steel. We  will not break it up. What is seamless? What 
is welded? What is lengthwise?  
Salil Desai:  Of course. Of course. That is fine.  
Manoj Sanghvi:  I think carbon steel was X and now it is Y. Stainl ess steel was X and now it is Y.  
Salil Desai:  Sorry, you will share it now or should I get in to uch later?  
Manoj Sanghvi:  No, you can get in touch with Mr. Katta.  
Salil Desai:  And lastly, one question for Mr. Katta. Sir, on th e balance sheet, there is an item called other 
financial assets, which has gone up from about INR 12 crores in March to about INR 220 
crores in September. So, what is this item, sir?  
Manoj Sanghvi:  I don't know.  

===== PAGE 12 =====
 Ratnamani Metals & Tubes Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 11 of 14 
Salil Desai:  No worries. I will get that also clarified along w ith the volume numbers. I am done.  
Moderator:  The next question is from the line of Mayank Bhand ari from Asian Markets Securities Private 
Limited. Please go ahead.  
Mayank Bhandari:  I just wanted to know this Ravi Technoforge subsid iary’s performance. We have highlighted a 
couple of customers being qualified, Schaeffler, SK F and all. So, how do you foresee the 
growth from here onwards? If I were to understand, like, is it in line with the customers, 
domestic, CAPEX plan, or they are shifting faciliti es from overseas market? And also, if you 
could highlight, what is the competitive edge we ha ve in this business? And are we growing 
faster than the competitive? How is the market share playing out for us in this business?  
Manoj Sanghvi:  This year, during the start, we had indicated roug hly 20% growth over last year. However, 
considering the forecast of order what we have rece ived, we feel that we will grow much more 
than 20%. First quarter was close to INR 75 crores.  Second was INR 95 crores. Third and 
fourth quarter, we plan to do INR 100 plus crores. That kind of visibility is there. So, this year 
may be anywhere between INR 360 crores to INR 380 crores.  
 Next year with one forging line, which is already installed now, so approvals have started. So, 
next year we target to be anywhere close to between  INR 450 crores to INR 475 crores. And 
by the end of next year, we will have another autom atic forging line which will be installed. 
With that, the capacity will further go up. And in next two to three years, as we have indicated, 
year-on-year 20% growth is visible as we start to u tilize the capacity of that automatic forging 
line. 
 So with any incremental increase in manpower, most ly at the existing unit, we will be able to 
achieve revenues of INR 450 crores to INR 500 crores.  
Mayank Bhandari:  And how much of this could be export?  
Manoj Sanghvi:  Export between 30% to 40%.  
Mayank Bhandari:  And are we currently exporting to U.S. market?  
Manoj Sanghvi:  Yes, we are. We are exporting to Timken's USA plan t.  
Mayank Bhandari:  And how is the duty change impacted your business?  Is it impacting or how?  
Manoj Sanghvi:  There is no reduction of forecast what is given to  us. So, at the moment, I don't have any clear 
idea on that. However, our exposure to U.S. is very  minimal in RTL. Mostly it is Europe and 
India.  

===== PAGE 13 =====
 Ratnamani Metals & Tubes Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 12 of 14 
Mayank Bhandari:  So, if we were to understand, we are growing faste r than competition, how is our market share 
here in this business?  
Manoj Sanghvi:  As such, there is only one listed competitor. Othe r private competitors, what we understand, 
are also growing. And this market itself, because o f two reasons. One, a shift from China or 
China plus One another manufacturer. Another, a lot  of capacity from Europe is being moved 
to India. So, there are two things which is turning  out to be increasing the forecast for this 
particular business.  
Mayank Bhandari:  Just one last clarification, how would be this mar ket of this bearing rings could grow in the 
next 3-4 years in your market I am asking?  
Manoj Sanghvi:  The report, what we have, it says 7% to 8%, maximu m 10% CAGR over next up to 2035. Not 
the bearing rings, the bearing market.  
Moderator:  The next question is from the line of Parth from I nvestec Capital. Please go ahead.  
Parth:  I have two questions. So, the first one is on orde r book. You mentioned that your order book is 
around INR 2,000 crores, INR 2,050 crores. I just w anted to understand the split between CS, 
SS, RFSS or RTL, if that is possible, because you m entioned that CS is around 1,100 and 
RFSS is 500. So, is it safe to assume that the balance would be SS?  
Manoj Sanghvi:  No, no. INR 2,050 crores or INR 2,000 crores is on  standalone basis. RTL and RFSS is not 
included in that.  
Parth:  It is not included. Perfect. So, basically, INR 1, 100 crores, if it is CS, then the balance would 
be SS, right?  
Manoj Sanghvi:  As we speak, or as on 1st of November, roughly INR  1,300 crores was carbon steel and 
balance was stainless-steel.  
Parth:  Sir, my next question is that we have seen a signi ficant decline in our working capital. So, I 
wanted to understand like what has led to this and is this number sustainable? There is a steep 
decline in receivables and inventory.  
Manoj Sanghvi:  No, it depends on the nature of order what we have  received. So, last year we had a lot of 
orders for water pipes. This year the orders for wa ter pipes have gone down. It is totally 
depending on the product. Yes, again, if the water industry or we book a lot of orders for water 
industry, the working capital cycle might increase.  
Parth:  Sir, thank you so much for answering my question.  
Moderator:  The next question is from the line of Deepak from Sundaram Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 

===== PAGE 14 =====
 Ratnamani Metals & Tubes Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 13 of 14 
Deepak:  The first question is on CAPEX. So, could you plea se highlight, let's say, what are our CAPEX 
plans in FY '26 and FY '27 in our base standalone p ipe business, then Ravi Technoforge and 
spooling solution, let's say, for the next two year s? And when do we plan to commercialize 
those facilities?  
Manoj Sanghvi:  So, we have just today morning uploaded our invest or presentation. I know it is a little late 
than the results, which has all the details along w ith the completion date. Three projects for the 
parent company, two for the subsidiary which are on going. Each, say, for the subsidiaries it is 
between INR 225 crores and INR 250 crores each with substantial capacity for RFSS.  
 For RTL, a new unit along with automatic hot forgi ng line. And then at the parent company, 
the expansion at Orissa Phase-I is over. Phase-II, which is the coating plant, which will happen 
within March 2026. Then there is thicker and bigger  diameter circumferential pipes, which is 
going on. So, that will also happen by the end of t his year or early next year. And the Saudi 
project, which is for stainless-steel cold finishing line, we expect to start trial production by the 
end of next year, December 2026.  
Deepak:  And sir, in this spooling solution, you have earli er highlighted that most of the order book is 
related to nuclear sector and most likely in the coming quarters we might look for some oil and 
gas and thermal projects as well. So, given that th is quarter we have seen a very good 
improvement in the margin, so let's say at the EBIT DA level, what kind of margins are we 
targeting for '26 and '27 from spooling business?  
Manoj Sanghvi:  If we cater only to the nuclear power segment, may be similar margins is what we can expect. 
However, going forward as a strategy, we don't want  to be dependent on one particular sector. 
So, as we scale up, maybe 70% we will continue to c ater to nuclear segment. However, 30% 
will come from other segments like oil and gas or t hermal power. So, blended margin still we 
will target 20% to 22% plus.  
Deepak:  And Ravi Technoforge, you highlighted earlier that  there are lot of import substitution which is 
happening, let's say, because your client is shifti ng a plant from Europe to India, and that is 
how we are getting the business, right. And you hav e also highlighted that 13% margin in Q2. 
So, this 13%, as we scale up further in H2, can it further go up, and in FY '27, let's say, 13% to 
14% is reasonable to assume from Ravi Technoforge?  
Manoj Sanghvi:  So, with the current capacity and the current manp ower, what we have, definitely we can go 
anywhere between INR 450 crores to INR 500 crores. So, our cost remaining same, definitely 
we can see the margin improvement. However, it is a  matter of time and the support of market, 
which next year we will see.  
Moderator:  Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last  question for today. We have reached to the 
end of the question-and-answer session. I now would  like to hand over the conference to Mr. 
Sahil Sanghvi for closing remarks.  

===== PAGE 15 =====
 Ratnamani Metals & Tubes Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 14 of 14 
Sahil Sanghvi:  I just wanted to thank the management for very ela borately answering all questions and also 
want to thank all the participants for joining the call. Manoj sir, would you have any closing 
comments?  
Manoj Sanghvi:  No, that's it. I mean, just buckle up a few projec ts going on. So, we hope as we have in next 
two to three years to reach, to utilize full capaci ty on each expansion and to reach the number 
what can be achieved through those capacities. So, anywhere between 7,000 to 7,500 on 
consolidated basis is what we should look in another two to three years. Thank you.  
Moderator:  Thank you. On behalf of Ratnamani Metals & Tubes L imited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your line. 
