SOURCE: inputs/research/Ventura_update_note_19Feb2025.pdf
PAGES: 3


===== PAGE 1 =====
    
 
1 | P a g e  ( 19 th  F e b  2 0 2 5 )  
 
For any further query, please email us on research@venturasecurities.com 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
          Man Industries (India) Ltd 
 SEBI Imposes 2-Year Trading Restrictions on Executives, While 
Business Growth Plans Remain Intact 


===== PAGE 2 =====
    
2 | P a g e  ( 30 th  S e p  2 0 2 5 )     
 
For any further query, please email us on research@venturasecurities.com 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BUY @ CMP INR 364                                 Target Cut to INR 458 in 24 months                                     Upside Potential: 25.8% 
Regulatory Impact Update Note 
Industry Steel Pipes 
  
Scrip Details  
Face Value (INR) 5.00 
Market Cap (INR Cr) 2,730 
Price (INR)  364 
No of Sh O/S (Cr) 7.5 
1M Avg Vol (000) 4,08,838 
52W H/L (INR) 469/ 201 
Dividend Yield (%) 0.52 
  
Shareholding (%) Jul 2025 
Promoter                          43.2 
Institution                              4.1            
Public                           52.7 
TOTAL 100.0 
  
Price Chart  
 
 
0
100
200
300
400
500
600
0
5000
10000
15000
20000
25000
30000
Apr-21
Aug-21
Dec-21
Apr-22
Aug-22
Dec-22
Apr-23
Aug-23
Dec-23
Apr-24
Aug-24
Dec-24
Apr-25
Aug-25
NIFTY MAN INDIA
                   Man Industries (India) Ltd 
 
SEBI has concluded an investigation, based on a forensic audit of Man 
Industries’ books for the period FY15-21, identifying  
• misrepresentation of financial statements, 
•  non-consolidation of subsidiary Merino Shelters Pvt. Ltd. (MSPL),  
• unapproved related party transactions,  
• diversion of funds to subsidiaries, and  
• inadequate disclosure of intra-group loans.  
 
The order imposes a 2-year restriction on the company’s key executives  
from trading in securities and a monetary penalty of INR 25 lakh each, while 
investor trading in MIIL shares remains unaffected. 
 
The management of MAN  Industries (India) Ltd (MAN India)  responded to 
SEBI’s allegations by emphasizing that loans to subsidiaries like MSPL were 
routine, fully repaid with interest, and that net -basis disclosure complied 
with Ind AS 24. They also claimed Section 186 exemptions for infrastructure 
applied. SEBI rejected these contentions, ruling that MIIL’s pipe 
manufacturing business does not qualify for the exemption , net -basis 
disclosure suppressed gross transaction values, and past actions 
constituted financial misrepresentation and misutilisation of funds.  
 
Management has clarified that these are legacy matters , with MSPL 
consolidated since FY23 -24, and partial monetization of INR 70 crore 
realized, with INR 650–700 crore receivable over 5–6 years.   
 Our take – The SEBI order is a regulatory overhang but does not derail the 
fundamental growth story. We retain our growth prospects and overall 
positivity around the business (please refer our IC note).  
 
Taking into consideration the cooperate governance faux  pas, we have 
downgraded the earnings multiple to 12X FY28 P/E (lowest 1 yr fwd 
valuation multiple that the company has traded historically) leading to a 
16.1% cut in our price target to INR 458 (from INR 546 earlier). 
 


===== PAGE 3 =====
    
3 | P a g e  ( 30 th  S e p  2 0 2 5 )     
 
For any further query, please email us on research@venturasecurities.com 
Rating Methodology 
 
We rate stocks on the 2 years absolute return basis.  
 
Rating Criteria Definition 
BUY >= 20% Target price is equal to or more than 20% of CMP 
HOLD >= 0% to < 20% Target price is more than CMP but less than 20% of CMP 
SELL <= 0% (negative return) Target price is less than CMP 
NOT RATED No recommendation No target 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Disclosures and Disclaimer  
Ventura Securities Limited (VSL) is a SEBI registered intermediary offering broking, depository and portfolio management serv ices to clients. VSL is member of BSE, 
NSE and MCX-SX. VSL is a depository participant of NSDL. VSL states that no disciplinary action whatsoever has been taken by SEBI against  it in last five years except 
administrative warning issued in connection with technical and venial lapses observed while inspection of books of accounts a nd records. Ventura Commodities 
Limited, Ventura Guaranty Limited, Ventura Insurance Brokers Limited and Ventura Allied Services Private Limited are associates of VSL. Research Analyst (RA) involved 
in the preparation of this research report and VSL disclose that neither RA nor VSL nor its associates (i) have any financial interest in  the company which is the subject 
matter of this research report (ii) holds ownership of one percent or more in the securities of subject company (iii)  have any material conflict of interest at the time of 
publication of this research report (iv) have received any compensation from the subject company in the past twelve months (v ) have managed or co-managed public 
offering of securit ies for the subject company in past twelve months (vi) have received any compensation for investment banking merchant banking  or brokerage 
services from the subject company in the past twelve months (vii) have received any compensation for product or services from the subject company in the past twelve 
months (viii) have received any compensation or other benefits from the subject company or third party in connection with the  research report. RA involved in the 
preparation of this research report discloses that he / she has not served as an officer, director or employee of the subject company. RA involved in the preparation of 
this research report and VSL discloses that they have not been engaged in the market making activity for the subject company.  Our sales people, dealers, traders and 
other professionals may provide oral or written market commentary or trading strategies to our clients that reflect opinions that are contrary to the opinions expressed 
herein. We may have earlier issued or may issue in future reports on the companies covered herein with recommendations/ information inconsistent or different those 
made in this report. In reviewing this document, you should be aware that any or all of the foregoing, among other things, ma y give rise to or pote ntial conflicts of 
interest. We may rely on information barriers, such as "Chinese Walls" to control the flow of information contained in one or more areas within us, or other areas, units, 
groups or affiliates of VSL. This report is for information purpos es only and this document/material should not be construed as an offer to sell or the solicitation of an 
offer to buy, purchase or subscribe to any securities, and neither this document nor anything contained herein shall form the  basis of or be relied upo n in connection 
with any contract or commitment whatsoever. This document does not solicit any action based on the material contained herein.  It is for the general information of 
the clients / prospective clients of VSL. VSL will not treat recipients as clients by virtue of their receiving this report. It does not constitute a personal recommendation 
or take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of clients / prospective clients. S imilarly, this document does not h ave regard 
to the specific investment objectives, financial situation/circumstances and the particular needs of any specific person who may receive this document. The securities 
discussed in this report may not be suitable for all investors. The appropriat eness of a particular investment or strategy will depend on an investor's individual 
circumstances and objectives. Persons who may receive this document should consider and independently evaluate whether it is suitable for his/ her/their particular 
circumstances and, if necessary, seek professional/financial advice. And such person shall be responsible for conducting his/her/the ir own investigation and analysis 
of the information contained or referred to in this document and of evaluating the merits and ris ks involved in the securities forming the subject matter of this 
document. The projections and forecasts described in this report were based upon a number of estimates and assumptions and ar e inherently subject to significant 
uncertainties and contingencie s. Projections and forecasts are necessarily speculative in nature, and it can be expected that one or more of the estimates on which 
the projections and forecasts were based will not materialize or will vary significantly from actual results, and such var iances will likely increase over time. All 
projections and forecasts described in this report have been prepared solely by the authors of this report independently of t he Company. These projections and 
forecasts were not prepared with a view toward compliance with published guidelines or generally accepted accounting principles. No independent accountants have 
expressed an opinion or any other form of assurance on these projections or forecasts. You should not regard the inclusion of the projections and forecasts described 
herein as a representation or warranty by VSL, its associates, the authors of this report or any other person that these proj ections or forecasts or their underlying 
assumptions will be achieved. For these reasons, you should only consider  the projections and forecasts described in this report after carefully evaluating all of the 
information in this report, including the assumptions underlying such projections and forecasts. The price and value of the i nvestments referred to in this 
document/material and the income from them may go down as well as up, and investors may realize losses on any investments. Past per formance is not a guide for 
future performance. Future returns are not guaranteed and a loss of original capital may occur. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in projections. 
Forward-looking statements are not predictions and may be subject to change without notice. We do not provide tax advice to our clients, and all investors are strongly 
advised to consult re garding any potential investment. VSL, the RA involved in the preparation of this research report and its associates accept n o liabilities for any 
loss or damage of any kind arising out of the use of this report. This report/document has been prepared by V SL, based upon information available to the public and 
sources, believed to be reliable. No representation or warranty, express or implied is made that it is accurate or complete. VSL has reviewed the report and, in so far as 
it includes current or historical information, it is believed to be reliable, although its accuracy and completeness cannot be guaranteed. The opinions expressed in this 
document/material are subject to change without notice and have no obligation to tell you when opinions or informati on in this report change. This report or 
recommendations or information contained herein do/does not constitute or purport to constitute investment advice in publicly  accessible media and should not be 
reproduced, transmitted or published by the recipient.  The report is for the use and consumption of the recipient only. This publication may not be distributed to the 
public used by the public media without the express written consent of VSL. This report or any portion hereof may not be prin ted, sold or distr ibuted without the 
written consent of VSL. This document does not constitute an offer or invitation to subscribe for or purchase or deal in any securities and neither this document nor 
anything contained herein shall form the basis of any contract or commi tment whatsoever. This document is strictly confidential and is being furnished to you solely 
for your information, may not be distributed to the press or other media and may not be reproduced or redistributed to any other person. The opinions and projections 
expressed herein are entirely those of the author and are given as part of the normal research activity of VSL and are given as of this date and are subject to change 
without notice. Any opinion estimate or projection herein constitutes a view as of th e date of this report and there can be no assurance that future results or events 
will be consistent with any such opinions, estimate or projection. This document has not been prepared by or in conjunction w ith or on behalf of or at the instigation 
of, or by arrangement with the company or any of its directors or any other person. Information in this document must not be relied upon as having been authorized or 
approved by the company or its directors or any other person. Any opinions and projections contai ned herein are entirely those of the authors. None of the company 
or its directors or any other person accepts any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from any use of this document or its contents or otherwise arising in connection 
therewith. The inf ormation contained herein is not intended for publication or distribution or circulation in any manner whatsoever and any una uthorized reading, 
dissemination, distribution or copying of this communication is prohibited unless otherwise expressly authorized . Please ensure that you have read “Risk Disclosure 
Document for Capital Market and Derivatives Segments” as prescribed by Securities and Exchange Board of India before investin g in Securities Market. 
Ventura Securities Limited - SEBI Registration No.: INH000001634 
Corporate Office: I-Think Techno Campus, 8th Floor, ‘B’ Wing, Off Pokhran Road No 2, Eastern Express Highway, Thane (W) – 400608 
