

===== PAGE 1 =====
 
 
       
    14th November, 2025 
Department of Corporate Services        
BSE Limited                                                                    
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
25th Floor, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
 
 
 Sub  : Transcript of Conference Call on the Company’s Financial & Operational 
Performance for Q2 FY 2025-26 held on 10th November, 2025: 
 
We are enclosing herewith the transcript of the Confere nce Call on the financial and 
operational performance of the Company for Q2 FY 2025-26 held on Monday, 10th November 
2025. 
 
Kindly take the same on your records.  
 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Sincerely, 
For ASM Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
 
Vanishree Kulkarni 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer(FCS:13306) 
Address:80/2 Lussane Court 
Richmond Road, Bangalore 560025 

===== PAGE 2 =====
 
 Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
“ASM Technologies Limited Q2 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
{November 10, 2025} 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RABINDRA SRIKANTAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
ASM TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. N. L. RATHOD – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
ASM TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MRS. VANISHREE KULKARNI – COMPANY SECRETARY, 
ASM TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. RAJESH MS – FINANCE HEAD, 
ASM TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 


===== PAGE 3 =====
 ASM Technologies Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good morning and welcome to the ASM Technologies L imited Q2 FY 
'26 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, p lease signal an operator by pressing ‘*’, then ‘0’ on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rabindra Srikant an - Managing Director of ASM 
Technologies Limited for opening remarks. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Rabindra Srikantan: Thank you very much. A very good afternoon to everybody and a very warm welcome to ASM 
Technologies Limited Q2 FY '26 Earnings Call. 
I am joined today by members of our Senior Leadership Team, Mr. N. L.  Rathod - our CFO; 
Mrs. Vanishree Kulkarni - our Company Secretary; we have Mr. Rajesh  - our Finance Head 
and we have SGA - our Investor Relations Advisor.  
As this is our first call, I will start with a very short introduction of  our company, our various 
business segments and then move on to our financial performance. 
So, we are about 30 years old. We were founded about 3  decades ago and over the years, we 
have grown into a leading end -to-end engineering R&D, ER&D and a Design-Led 
Manufacturing which is called DLM company providing solutions across the entire product 
life cycle from concept design to engineering using precision Manufacturing. When we say 
precision Manufacturing, we are not into mass Manufacturing. Everything we do is very 
custom and relatively complex and high precision. This is something which differentiates us. 
We serve customers across the globe in the US, UK, Singapore, Japan and many other 
geographies. We operate from 4 Manufacturing facilities, one in Dabaspet e in Karnataka, 
second one in Srip erumbudur in Tamil Nadu and 2 in Chennai.  Apart from that, we have 6 
global development centers and 10 offices across the globe. We broadly operate in  2 business 
verticals, one is the Hi-Tech segment and the other is broadly in the Engineering segment. In 
the Hi-Tech segment, we specialize in providing systems, subsystems, precision parts for 
complex equipment, mainly for the semiconductor equipment, consumer electronics 
equipment, industrial electronics and solar equipment. Industries in this vertical, as we know, 
are undergoing global supply chain realignment  with India rapidly emerging as the preferred 
design and Manufacturing hub. We see this transformation coming alive with significant 
investment being made in India by both global leaders and the Indian government. 
Our deep engineering expertise strategically positions us as a critical partner to global OEMs 
looking to localize high -value Manufacturing. In this regard, we also have se t up a  joint 

===== PAGE 4 =====
 ASM Technologies Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 3 of 19 
venture called ASM -HHV to focus on the solar equipment segment and we are well on track 
and we expect to start doing some amount of delivery later this year. In the transportation 
sector or engineering sector, we again work both on the ER&D and the DLM. Here, our focus 
is industrial and large vehicles and off -highway vehicles. Here again, we work with global 
OEMs and next generation companies for mobility and for engineering. Across both our 
verticals, that is the Hi-Tech and the Engineering, we use a significant amount of industrial AI. 
This is our digital layer to enhance operational outcomes and drive efficiency. We use some 
proprietary AI frameworks to increase our yield throughput for performance monitoring and 
for predictive maintenance. 
We are very consciously investing in infrastructure, people and capacities to meet our growing 
demands. We have recently signed a MoU with the Government of Karnataka to invest Rs. 510 
crores to expand our ER&D -focused DLM and precision engineering capabilities. We have 
also signed a M oU with the Government of Tamil Nadu to invest Rs. 250 crores to further 
enhance our DLM capacity. Once operational, these facilities will significantly enhance our 
capacity, supporting growth in both our verticals. 
Now, moving on to our financial performance: 
We are pleased to report a quarter of strong growth and margin expansion. For Q2, for this 
current fiscal, our revenue has grown by 171% year -over-year. The strong growth has been 
driven by execution across both our segments. EBITDA was Rs. 31 crores against Rs. 7 crores, 
with margins at 19.7%, supported by operating leverage and an improved mix. PAT was 
around Rs. 19 crores, growing from Rs. 2 crores year-on-year. 
In terms of our half-yearly performance, 6-month performance: 
Revenue stood at about Rs. 277 crores compared to Rs. 110 crores during the H1 of last 
financial year, FY ' 25, a growth of 153% year -on-year. EBITDA was Rs. 56 crores with a 
margin of 20.3%. PAT stood at Rs. 35 crores compared to Rs. 5 crores in the same period last 
year. DLM contributed to 63% of total revenues, while ER&D accounted for 37%. CAPEX for 
the half-year stood at about Rs. 11 crores, and the net cash position was Rs. 77 crores as of 
September 2025. We believe that we can continue this growth momentum in the second half of 
the year. 
And I would also like to add a few points: 
First of all, once again, thank all of you for joining the call.  And we are now open for 
questions. We would like to mention a few things. One, we will not take up any customer 
names. So, we request all the speakers to refrain from referring to any customer name, which 
will be very speculative for us. And also, we will refrain from any guidance and these are some 
of the things.  And we will not give any forward -looking guidance. And please do avoid any 

===== PAGE 5 =====
 ASM Technologies Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 4 of 19 
customer-specific or account -specific details. So, with this, it  is open for Q&A.  We request 
you to go ahead. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question -and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Nilesh Jain from Astute Investment Management. Please proceed. 
Nilesh Jain: Hi, thank you for the opportunity and congratulations for a great quarter. My first question is, I 
want to understand on the Manufacturing side, which industry has help ed us to drive this 
growth, at least for the first half? If you can share by industry, at least on the Manufacturing 
side? 
Rabindra Srikantan: Sure. Thank you very much. And for us, we are not providing specific segmentation. For us, 
both Hi-Tech and the Engineering segments have contributed to the increase in our DLM. Like 
I said, we are in all the 4 segments when it comes to Hi-Tech, i t is semiconductor, solar, 
consumer and industrial electronics , all of them have contributed and also on the Engineering 
segment. It has been across all these segments. 
Nilesh Jain: Sure. Second question is, if you can share the CAPEX plan for at least FY '26 and FY '27? 
Rabindra Srikantan: I am going to request Rajesh to answer that. And just please do speak up, you are little feeble. 
Rajesh Hi. Yes, during the 25-26, CAPEX addition will be another Rs. 30-Rs. 35 crores, the minimum 
what we are expecting.  And it may go up depending on whatever the MoU time. We are in 
discussion with the Government for the allotment of the  land. If the land comes through, this  
CAPEX will go up depending on the allotment of the land. 
Nilesh Jain: And for FY '27? 
Rajesh: FY '26-27, we are still working on it.  Depending on the land availability, we are going to plan 
our next development. 
Nilesh Jain: Sure. My third question is on the M oU which you have shared. Can you talk about the 
timelines and how would be about the funding and everything? 
Rabindra Srikantan: Yes, I can answer that. So, like Rajesh said, both the M oUs are signed. We are in the process 
of acquiring the land.  So, timeline-wise, it will be about the next 18 -24 months is what we are 
planning once the land is acquired. That was the second question. Funding will be a 
combination of accrual, combination of some debt and if needed some additional equity.  And 
we also have some potential incentives both from the central government and different state 
governments. 
Nilesh Jain: And my last question is, we have been seeing a lot of multinational companies setting up R&D 
centers in India through GCC. How do you see competition from them? 

===== PAGE 6 =====
 ASM Technologies Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 5 of 19 
Rabindra Srikantan: Can you repeat? Your voice is very patchy. What did you say in the last part? 
Nilesh Jain: How do you see competition from them on the design side? Because a lot of multinational 
companies are setting up GCC in India for their R&D centers? 
Rabindra Srikantan: Got it. We understand. GCCs are growing in a big way.  For us, ER&D, we have two things. 
One is we have ER&D as a business. Also, our ER&D supports our DLM. So, what you would 
have seen over the years, we are pivoting very rapidly into DLM and for that, the ER&D is a 
very key part of the DLM initiative. So, that is kind of where we are heading. 
Nilesh Jain: Sure. I will get back in the queue. 
Rabindra Srikantan: Sure, thanks. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Meet from Niveshaay. Please proceed. 
Meet: Yes, sir. Hi, Rabindra ji and team . Congratulations on a strong set of numbers.  Kudos to 
everyone for achieving such a great milestone in the last 32 years. Wishing you continued 
success. Sir, mix is shifting towards Manufacturing. So, 58% of the revenue from 
Manufacturing in H1 FY '26, which is 12% in H1 FY '25. So, it is dragging the gross margin a 
bit. And service is  not the growth driver for this quarter.  There is a slight degrowth in the 
revenue also and much more decline in the margin. So, I just want to understand, could you 
explain what mix we should expect for FY '26 and FY '27 between Manufacturing and service? 
And based on mix, what kind of margin profile we should expect? 
Rabindra Srikantan: Thank you very much. So, like I said, we are not giving any forward guidance. But one of the 
things is, as we have seen over the years, we are very progressively moving into DLM.  I think 
that momentum will continue. We will be having more and more DLM. That is where all our 
bigger investments are going in. And for that, we will also continue to invest in our ER&D. So, 
we expect, right now, the momentum is very robust in both the verticals we operate in, both the 
Hi-Tech and the Engineering. So, we expect this kind of momentum to continue.  And today, 
given that there is a lot of friend-shoring and there is a lot of interest for a lot of global 
companies to both sell into India and also develop from India, we expect this momentum to 
continue in the medium term. 
Meet: So, like, sir, if the momentum continues to increase, we will maintain the EBITDA in the range 
of 20%  or t here will b e lower EBITDA. Last quarter, we have done Rs. 60 crores in the 
Manufacturing side and this quarter was very good, Q2 Rs. 95 crores. So, still, what kind of 
margin profile, at least, could you be arranging, if not a specific number? I also agre e that you 
cannot share the guidance, but any range would be helpful, sir? 
Rabindra Srikantan: Range also, we will not be able to share. But let us say that the last 3 quarters, the last few 
quarters, are quite representative. So, you will have to use that a s a reference. Because just for 

===== PAGE 7 =====
 ASM Technologies Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 6 of 19 
everybody's benefit, this is something, some of you have met us in earlier calls and all that. 
This is something we have very consciously worked for the last 8 years, where we moved from 
a pure ER&D to start getting into DLM . And in between, we had 2 years of COVID. So, a lot 
of this work started 8 years ago and we  have invested, we have grown, we have got a lot of 
traction into DLM. And now, slowly, those things are beginning to play out and it  is more 
visible in the last few years. 
Meet: Understood. Sir, s econd question, also, what is your view on the competition specifically? 
Like, more global players wanting to come to us in India and manufacture this equipment, 
right? And these players are maki ng much more critical machineries. And maybe, we are also 
developing this kind of machines. So, is there any chance of losing our share in terms of 
market share? What is your view on the competition? 
Rabindra Srikantan: So, we have been working in this segment for many years, for about 20 years. It is just that we 
pivoted from pure ER&D to DLM. So, industry-wise, business-wise, is not new to us. It is just 
that we have started scaling into DLM. So, India will continue to grow. This is the fastest 
growing economy, large economy in the world today.  We will expect more and more players. 
And with that, we will grow and so will others. So, we expect the entire, both our verticals to 
significantly scale in the coming years. 
Meet: I underst ood. And sir, when one should expect this scaling in semiconductor equi pment 
manufacturing side , when you are saying like  maybe Rs. 50-Rs. 100 crores scaling in the 
Manufacturing from semiconductor equipments? 
Rabindra Srikantan: Like I said, we are not giving segment -wise information. So, DLM will continue to scale. We 
have seen the change over the years, over the quarters.  So, we will continue to be in more 
DLM going forward. 
Meet: And sir, one last question. 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Meet. May we request you to join the question queue? 
Meet: Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raj Sharad Agr awal from CJ Shah Family 
Office. Please proceed. 
Raj Sharad Agrawal: Hello, sir. Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, I have  two questions.  We have 
committed big CAPEX in Karnataka and Tamil Nadu. I just wanted to broadly understand out 
of this Rs. 750 crores that we have committed, how much would be incentives and land 
provided by the government and how much would we have to put in the business? 
Rabindra Srikantan: Will you add another question? 

===== PAGE 8 =====
 ASM Technologies Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 7 of 19 
Raj Sharad Agrawal: Can I ask after you answer this, please? 
Rabindra Srikantan: Sure. Thank you very much. So, broadly, we are still working out the incentives which are 
available. But as we know, there is about 25% which is publicly announced by the central 
government. And at the state government level,  there is an additional 25%. So, this is 
definitely for CAPEX. In some cases, it  is for a few other things. And  mainly for the 
machinery part. So, we are in the process of finalizing our applications at both the central level 
and at the state level. And we should know that maybe in the next month or so on how much 
would be incentives and how much would be our contribution. 
Raj Sharad Agrawal: Got it, sir. And second question on the solar side. We are doing this work in our JV.  So, are 
you planning a separate plant for this? And how fast would be the ramp -up here? I just want to 
broadly understand your thoughts on the solar side? 
Rabindra Srikantan: Sure. So, we have a separate plant. It should be in place in the next few months as a separate 
plant for that. And we expect some of the deliveries to happen later this year or definitely early 
part of next year. But most probably later this year. 
Raj Sharad Agrawal: Got it, sir. So, those were my questions. Thank you so much, sir. 
Rabindra Srikantan: You are welcome. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ayush Agarwal from MAPL Value Investing 
Fund. Please proceed. 
Ayush Agarwal: Good afternoon, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, in DLM, within the consumer electronics 
division without naming any customers or the value of machine or anything, we would just like 
to understand the scope of machinery that we are currently doing, number of machinery that 
we are doing and how many do we plan to add if you can give some color on that? 
Rabindra Srikantan: Sure. We will not be able to quantify the number of machinery, but I can tell you what kind of 
machines they are. Across our sector s, whether it is industrial, consumer, solar or in 
semiconductor, we do a lot of automation -related work which includes vision, which includes 
robotics, which includes laser and a lot of testing.  These are all the different are as we cover 
across in the Hi-Tech. But we will not be able to quantify and tell you what kind of 
segmentation, which right now we have agreements not to disclose some of this information. 
Ayush Agarwal: Understood, sir. So, just trying to understand the sc ope of work. So, typically given India now 
is Manufacturing a lot of consumer electronics, including like smartphones and other things, so 
if you can help us understand whenever any manufacturer, smartphone assembler is putting up 
a capacity, whether it be the $10 million line, $15 million line, whatever that amount is. Are 
we catering to 10% of their needs, 20% of their needs? If you can co mment something on that, 
because that will help us understand how much of the value chain we are covering? 

===== PAGE 9 =====
 ASM Technologies Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 8 of 19 
Rabindra Srikantan: That is also, let me answer it in a broader way. If you take the total addressable market which 
is available to us across all our  sectors, it is somewhere about, say, annually.  And this is a 
global requirement. It is not necessarily India. It would be at least about $40 billion per annum. 
It is the total addressable market by us. And the total market itself in the segments we play in is 
about $130 -$140 billion globally. That is one part.  In the $40 billion is where we have 
capability to address some of it. So, there are some areas, like I said, those 5-6 areas where we 
are working on, we will continue to do more and more of that and also add some more adjacent 
capabilities to that.  So, whether it is opportunities in India or outside India, wherever in the 
world, we should be able to address them. And by and large, what we do is not necessarily an 
India play. We work with a lot of glob al majors and with whom we  have been working for 
quite some time. 
Ayush Agarwal: So, while I understand that we work with a lot of global customers, but majorly it is, at least as 
we segmented in our quarterly release, is that under DLM also, it is majorly domestic. So, even 
though they are global customers, we are supplying to their domestic needs. So, just if you can 
segment it further, like we have already segmented from the $130 -$140 billion opportunities, 
$40 billion is where we hav e capability. Within those $40 billion, like , how much would be 
that time in India? Something if you can, like talk about how much is, like India currently and 
where we are playing? 
Rabindra Srikantan: No, that would also be difficult. So, in terms of the global customers, whether it is in India or 
somebody is exporting from India or it is on, some global location, we don't segment it in 
terms of geography as much. We are not very concerned about, we don't look at it that way.  
Because today, every major glo bal player has presence in India one way or the other. So, in 
many cases, they will engage with their local entity even if it is for a global delivery. 
Ayush Agarwal: Understood, sir. Thank you so much. 
Rabindra Srikantan: You are welcome. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanjaya from Ampersand Capital.  Please 
proceed. 
Sanjaya: Yes. So, thanks a lot, sir, for the opportunity. And thanks for organizing your maiden analyst 
conference call. I just want to know that you have announced this massive CAPEX of some 
Rs. 750 crore s with Karnataka and Tamil Nadu Government. How important, how critical 
these are for sustaining the growth that you said that you will be doing? Because this 
government, their approval, etc., can be up and down. So, if you can just give a sense of that. 
And also, in that context, will your asset turn ratios or return on capital employed, etc., will be 
different with this kind of CAPEXs? Are you getting into a new area of business or you are 
continuing in the same area of business in these 2 states? 

===== PAGE 10 =====
 ASM Technologies Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 9 of 19 
Rabindra Srikantan: So, I will answer the second part first. Broadly, we will continue to focus on what we are 
currently doing. And we will continue to look for anything wh ich is adjacent to our capability.  
Whatever we feel is adjacent, right . That is one. The reason we are looking at these 
geographies is that is where the current ecosystem is in terms of supply, in terms of skilled 
people, in terms of manpower. So, right now, because of what has been happening over the 
years, whether it is in terms of defense tech or aerospace and all these areas, there  is a lot of 
maturity in terms of supply chain and skilled people in these parts of India.  So, that is the 
reason we are expanding in these two areas currently. 
Sanjaya: Understood. Sir, if you can just tell me when you mentioned that you will sustain the growth 
momentum, do you have anything particular kind of rate that you wanted to highlight? 
Rabindra Srikantan: We can't. We are not giving forward guidance. But normally, we have visibility of at least 18 
months and in some cases, 24 months.  Because we are always working on something which 
we build. It has to go through qualifications. And only then can you make and deliver . So, we 
typically have rolling meaning at any point of time, we would have at least an 18 -month 
forward visibility on what we are doing. It is based on that that we can say that we can 
maintain the momentum. 
Sanjaya: Thank you, sir. 
Rabindra Srikantan: You are welcome. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aman from Astute Investment Management. 
Please proceed. 
Aman: Good afternoon, sir. My first question is around employee count. If you can talk about what is 
the number as of today in Services as well as what is the number today in Manufacturing? And 
where do we see this number in the next 1-2 years? 
Rabindra Srikantan: Sure. So, we are a little over 2,000 people, right , broadly at a very high level. And in the 2,000 
people, about 40%  would be what we call Manufacturing, that is DLM and people who are 
full-time supporting DLM. This is what we call Manufacturing engineering. And the ER&D 
would be about 1,200. But in the ER&D, they also support DLM, broadly if you look at it. So, 
you can take it as a 60 -40, 40 dedicated to DLM and in the 60%, some of them also support 
from a design activity to the DLM. So, that is where we are on the employee count. 
Aman: And sir, the question was also where do we see this number for both the segme nts in the next 
1-2 years? 
Rabindra Srikantan: We will see this probably, again, it boils down to guidance. So, this number will continue to 
grow. We  have grown substantially if you look at the last 2 or 3 years. There has been a 
substantial growth. So, it will be probably, like I said earlier, if you look at the last year or  2, if 

===== PAGE 11 =====
 ASM Technologies Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 10 of 19 
you have seen the scale -up in our D LM, s o I think that would also have an impact on the 
employee growth in the same ratio. 
Aman: So, say, if the number of employees double to, sa y, 4,000 in the next 1-2 years, you think the 
ratio will be 60:40 only? Or the ratio will switch? 
Rabindra Srikantan: Yes, it will be somewhere there. Since it is basically very high -mixed Manufacturing, it has a 
lot of design and engineering content. So, we expect that 60:40 or maybe 50:50 kind of a mix. 
Aman: Sure, sir. My next question is, as of today, we have expanded our DLM facility in the last few 
months and few quarters. But without the MoU land and without the MoU capacity, what is the 
peak revenue we can do from the current facilities in DLM? 
Rabindra Srikantan: So, I think that we are also adding some other facilities. We are adding one more facility in the 
next few months in Karnataka, which will be very similar to the one we already have. We 
should have that up and ready in the next couple of months to add to our capacity.  In terms of 
capacity utilization, let Rajesh answer that. 
Rajesh: Yes, the capacity utilization is currently about 80 %-85%. So, similar growth we are expecting 
in the coming quarters as well. 
Aman: So, sir, we are still doing in DLM whatever number. So, then 80%-85% means obviously new 
plant will get added. But peak revenue is like maybe Rs. 600-Rs. 700 crores in DLM, is the 
understanding correct? 
Rabindra Srikantan: Again, th at is leading to forward guidance. What we are trying to say is we are adding one 
more capacity, which should be up and ready very soon. Very soon as in maybe end of 
December or maybe early January.  So, that will be a substantial increase in our capacity. That 
would essentially mean in 12 months , we would have added 3 facilities. And we will continue 
doing that while the larger one happens. 
Aman: Sure, sir. Final question is on senior mana gement hiring. We recently added  couple of senior 
people in our team. If you can talk about how the integration process is happening and what is 
the plan of hiring for the next couple of months? 
Rabindra Srikantan: Sure. We have a lot of senior people joining us. Strategically, we are hiring both in India and 
outside of India. And we continue to do so in both our segments. And again, like I said, we are 
very design and engineering heavy for the DLM. So, we look for people and it is not 
something which is very commonly available.  So, we are very actively looking. We have 
added quite a few and we will continue to keep adding senior management. 
Aman: Thank you, sir. 

===== PAGE 12 =====
 ASM Technologies Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 11 of 19 
Rabindra Srikantan: You are welcome. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anant Jain, an Investor. Please proceed. 
Anant Jain: Thanks for the opportunity, sir. And congratulations on a good set of numbers. One question 
that I have is we have not seen service revenue growth in this quarter.  So, when do you think 
our service revenues can start growing again? My second question is, most of whatever you are 
saying, we understand that you can't take client names. But if that is the kind of information, 
like for example, a company of our size doing around Rs. 500-Rs. 600 crores in revenues, it 
becomes very difficult when you say 40 billion is the a ddressable market size. Can we just try 
to be more precise about what we are trying to address here? And then you are not even ready 
to bifurcate between Engineering and Hi-Tech. I just don't know how can one appreciate the 
work that we are doing if we can 't even give the leve l of details which are expected? And 
finally, feedback on presentation. You could have just given a statement and not given a 
presentation because your presentation was just presenting numbers in a different way, which I 
think there ar e a lot of websites wh ich can do better than that. So, if you can give qualitative 
data, share qualitative data in the presentation, it would help investors understand what we are 
doing, the way we are doing? Finally, on this CAPEX of Rs. 500 crores and Rs. 300 crores that 
you have announced, can you share in terms of segments or rather phases, when can we see 
these different phases of these CAPEX coming in and when can we see, do we expect revenue 
recognition or revenue realization from the CAPEX happening once the Rs. 500 crores is 
completely deployed or the Rs. 300 crores is completely deployed or can we see it in phases, 
the revenue to start flowing from this, if you can answer that. And from the current set of, the 
management indicated that we are at 80 % utilization levels now, with the new facility that is 
coming up, which is outside of this CAPEX. What can be the peak revenue utilization? 
Rabindra Srikantan: Got it. So, feedback taken on the presentation, we will work on that going forward. Now, in 
terms of the ER&D revenue, some of the projects, some of these are fixed projects, so we will 
hope to finish them in the early part of Q3.  So, some of those revenues will reflect in Q3. 
Then, in terms of the additional capacity, what we are adding, that should be incremental one, 
which we are adding in the next few months  that will probably give us some yield in Q4 and 
going beyond that. Now, in terms of incremental on the larger ones, they will definitely be in 
phases. We will be probably doing it across 3 phases. And as each phase is implemented, the 
revenue will be accredited. And the other question you had is in terms of giving you data on 
how to understand it. I think, like I said, segmentation is difficult for us and we are also trying 
to see what is the best way to communicate this. And we will also see if there is a better way to 
communicate in terms of segmentation. 
Anant Jain: Sir, one question is on the service sid e, growth on the Services side. When can we expect to 
see that? 
Rabindra Srikantan: Services growth is also happening. It is not like it is not happening. You will see that in the 
coming quarters. It will continue to grow on that side as well. But we are very consciously 

===== PAGE 13 =====
 ASM Technologies Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 12 of 19 
using some of our ER&D capability to drive the DLM. That is where we see more because like 
I have been saying, we are very rapidly pivoting into DLM.  So, we use our ER&D also to help 
us design and engineer new products. So, that becomes our priority. So, for us, priority is if we 
need capacity to drive DLM, we will use our ER&D capacity to drive our DLM.  And ER&D 
will continue to scale in its normal way. 
Anant Jain: Thank you, sir. Thanks for responding. And all the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ajay  from Hedgehogs Investments. Please 
proceed. 
Ajay: Thanks for the opportunity. I just wanted one clarification because in the Manufacturing 
division, we have mentioned that we have visibility for  next 18-24 months. So, just wanted to 
understand the current run rate which we have in the Manufacturing business? So, was there 
any one-off large order which contributed to this or should we expect this run rate to sustain? 
Just one clarification on this. And also, like the larger part of the question on the CAPEX side, 
we have Rs. 300-Rs. 500 crore s CAPEX which we have.  So, on the current n ew 
Manufacturing plant which is going to start by maybe Q4 of FY ' 26 and which is also 
progressing as per schedule. So, how much of that CAPEX has been deployed in this plant and 
how much should we expect going forward? And second question is on the Services. Sir, 
Services revenue has been somewhat lumpy in my understanding. So, maybe you can explain 
the nature of this business and what drives this variation and how should we expect going 
forward this lumpiness and also on improvements here, how should we l ook at that? Any 
comments on that would be really helpful? 
Rabindra Srikantan: Got it. So, again when we said we have 18 -24 months visibility, these are also industries and 
customers we have been engaged for a while. So, is this something which is lumpy an d which 
is like a spike and your question is, was it a one -off? So, like I said, these are things we have 
been working on and in our business, you have to design, engineer, prototype, qualify and then 
start getting into volume production. So, that momentum will continue. So, that was one of 
your questions. The other one was on the CAPEX. So, this CAPEX definitely will be like, I 
think Rajesh has already explained how much we are investing in the immediate few months. 
So, that will be accredited from lat ter part of Q4 into the following year.  Major part is coming 
in the coming years. And your other question is on the Services revenue. Services revenue, like 
I said, if there are some fixed bid projects and so on, we need to wait for some acceptance. So, 
you will see in the Q3-Q4, there will be some momentum on the ER&D side as well. 
Ajay: Understood, sir. And sir, one last question, because you cannot take maybe customer names 
and all, but maybe if you can elaborate on the customer diversification, like h ow much of our 
revenue is currently concentrated and like the current new CAPEX which we are going to 
deploy. So, are we seeing traction from new customers across maybe new geographies or 
sectors or is it like just getting concentrated into the existing cu stomers? Maybe if you can 

===== PAGE 14 =====
 ASM Technologies Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 13 of 19 
elaborate on the customer diversification part that will be really helpful to understand th e 
growth prospect going forward? 
Rabindra Srikantan: Sure. So, we have existing customers and new customers. With the existing customers, w e are 
always looking to, one, go to new geographies, also going to new product lines, because many 
of our customers are large customers across both our verticals.  So, it is also geography, 
additional product lines and new customers. It  is a combination of all of that, which we 
continuously do. 
Ajay: Got it, sir. Thank you. All the best. 
Rabindra Srikantan: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Srikanth from TAM Capital. Please proceed. 
Srikanth: Thank you for the opportunity, sir.  My question is relating to aerospace industry. We are 
providing Services to aerospace companies. So, whether the company is planning to provide 
components to the same clients? Is there any plan going on? 
Rabindra Srikantan: Yes. Thank you. So, yes, we are working with a couple of aerospace companies and we have 
been engaged with them for a few years.  And we hope in the coming years that business will 
scale, because it is also very adjacent to what we are currently doing in the Hi-Tech industry in 
terms of capability. 
Srikanth: And next question is relating to medical device. We are in the segment of industrial 
electronics. Whether this caters to medical device or something is going to happen here? 
Rabindra Srikantan: So, when we say industrial, it also includes medical. Anything that we classify that under 
industrial electronics. So, that is an industry. Again, we have been working on that for several 
years? 
Srikanth: And one final question is , we have collaboration with IISC Bangalore relating to Nanoscience 
and Engineering. Can you give  business update what is happening? What is the growth 
happening there? What are the future aspects of it? 
Rabindra Srikantan: Sure. So, we work with several academia, IISC, the C eNSE, which is Center for Nanoscience. 
We have been working with them.  We have been working with a couple of other educational 
institutions. So, we do a couple of things. There are some very fundamental research projects 
where we are working on where it is a new  process or a new technology.  We do that. In some 
cases, if we are developing something and we need some assistance, especially in terms of 
materials, in terms of testing, in terms of what we call calibration and so on, we do work with 
academia wherever th at capability and those facilities are available  including what we call 
characterization. So, we use some of their labs wherever they are and we work with them. 

===== PAGE 15 =====
 ASM Technologies Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 14 of 19 
Srikanth: And one final question relating to cybersecurity, we have collaborated with Electric IQ. So, 
can you see whether there is a new order coming or a new order pipeline to us? 
Rabindra Srikantan: So, yes, we work on that in part of our Hi-Tech vertical. We do have some customers in the 
cybersecurity space. And we also use some of the technology in what we develop because a lot 
of what we develop has to have a security layer.  So, we not only work with them, we also use 
some of these technologies within what we are building. 
Srikanth: Thank you, sir. 
Rabindra Srikantan: You are welcome. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rupesh from Long Equity Partners. Please 
proceed. 
Rupesh: Hello, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. I think my first co mment is a follow  up from the 
previous participant. I think Titan Engineering and Automation Limited is one of our 
competitors. I don't know if it is a competitor, but at least it is in the same field. And when I go 
to their website, sir, I can see vision-based inspection systems. I can see photos of so many 
products. I can look at their assembly lines. And there are so many more details, right . It gives 
the feel of the business, the complexity of the business.  And I think TEAL is a signif icantly 
larger company than us. And if they are willing to share, then I think I would request you to re-
look at our policy of not sharing some of these details. Because I  am sure they also have 
customer NDAs and other things.  So, that is just the first so rt of like comment. Then my 
question, sir, is in export markets, righ t, some of these customers you have said that you are 
geography agnostic. But where are we on the qualification processes for, let  us say, 
semiconductor customers or consumer electronics customers? Some idea you can give that we  
will get most of the qualification in, let  us say, 6 months or it will take 1 year or 2 years. Most 
of our offerings will be qualified.  Some qualitative comment around that ? That would be one 
question. The second question, sir, is a lot of these products that we supply, what is the 
replacement cycle for these products?  Are they linked when our customers do CAPEX, like 
when they set up new lines or new fab or some of these products can also be linked  to the 
production volume that as the production volume grows, there is a wear and tear and some of 
the other things  and then we also get  repeat orders.  Something about that. So, if you can 
address these two questions? 
Rabindra Srikantan: Sure. So, your feedback taken, we will also see how best we can give more information. We 
will work on that for sure.  Now, in terms of your other question is in terms of qualification. 
Qualification is a continuous process. It  is not a one time.  So, as and when you come up with 
newer parts, products, subsystems, systems, anything, it has to get qualified. It has to get 
accepted. And so that is not a onetime.  It is a continuous process. Like I said, we have 
visibility for 18-24 months. In fact, part of that is also getting  qualifications. The fact that we 
are working within this industry for about 20 years and many of these customers also for a 

===== PAGE 16 =====
 ASM Technologies Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 15 of 19 
long time and a lot of this process is known. So, our learning process of this was many years 
ago. So, this continues on a continuous basis. Second is you are basically talking about what is 
the life cycle or what is the life of these things. So, different industries are different. If you go 
to something in consumer electroni cs, which is very fast changing , so this could be something 
which could be every year or maybe every year and a half could be sometimes even less than a 
year depending on the product. If you take semiconductors, it is a very long-life cycle, it would 
be 15, 20, 25 years. But in that long life cycle , there is  a lot of refreshment, there is a lot of 
upgrade, there is a lot of opportunity during that long life cycle. And if you take industrial, it 
could be somewhere in between. It could be anywhere, sometimes it is 5 years, sometimes it is 
8 years. It comes some where in between in terms of the product life cycle. So, each of them 
presents a different opportunity and semiconductor of course is very high value and that is why 
it is a very long life cycle equipment.  And during the life cycle, there is a lot of opportunities 
to work with that equipment. 
Rupesh: Just one clarification, sir. Export Manufacturing revenue is not much.  It is like half yearly Rs. 
7 crores. So, is it qualifications holding back the growth in exports or that is still in business 
development? That is one.  And then the second question is , in this semiconductor, are we in 
the front-end Manufacturing or we are in the back-end Manufacturing? Most likely, we should 
be in back-end. And some idea there around, I know that a lot of semiconductor Manufacturing 
are going on in India, but some idea about some sub -area of back -end line that you are 
focusing on? 
Rabindra Srikantan: So, I will answer the second one first. So, there is no back-end equipment being made in India. 
What you are referrin g to is probably the OSAT, where they are using back -end equipment to 
package and bond and so on. So, that is the differentiator.  We are not an OSAT company, we 
are at the equipment level. So, lot of, almost everything we do are for global customers, so we 
don’t differentiate whether export or we domestically supply to any of these global majors 
within India and whether they use it in India or take it wherever in the world, we do not really 
differentiate too much because today  everything is very globalized.  So, what you are telling 
about export revenue, where something actually got shipped outside India for a non -rupee 
denomination versus supplying to a global major within India, we don’t differentiate too much. 
So, that is kind of one this thing. And I don’t know if I answered all the questions. 
Rupesh: Sir are you in the wafer growing part of the business? 
Rabindra Srikantan: Yes, that is correct.  We do both. We are both on the front -end and on the back -end. This is 
something we have been working on in semiconductor engineering for over 2 decades. So, we 
have been on both the sides. And these are all mostly global. So, some of our customer’s 
equipment while they go all over the world , some of that comes back to India as well fo r what 
is happening in India. 
Rupesh: I have more questions and I will come back in the queue. Thank you. 

===== PAGE 17 =====
 ASM Technologies Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 16 of 19 
Rabindra Srikantan: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anand Trivedi from N epean Capital. Please 
proceed. 
Anand Trivedi: My question is regarding your Rs. 760 crore s CAPEX over the medium term. Given the 
current cash flows in the size of your company, it is a very large number. Can you talk a bit 
about what is the means that you are thinking about financing this? 
Rabindra Srikantan: Sure. Like I said earlier, it would be a combination of debt, accrual, incentives, and some 
equity, which we are working on. And this would be over 3 phases. So, over the 3 phases, we 
will evaluate as and when it progresses on what will b e how much of debt, how much of 
equity, how much of incentives and accruals. It will be a combination of all 4 of this. 
Anand Trivedi: Sir, just to clarify, at this stage, you are still not clear how much equity will be required, right? 
Rabindra Srikantan: We have a broad understanding. Depending on the phases, we will decide how we want to do 
this. Like I said, over the 3 phases, we will decide on how much we want to do. 
Anand Trivedi: Got it. Thanks. 
Rabindra Srikantan: You are welcome. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tej from Diamond Capital. Please proceed. 
Tej: Yes. Thank you so much for the opportunity.  Earlier, one of the participants asked about 
customer concentration. If you could put a number to it, how much would  be the top  1 
customer contributing to the revenue? Probably, if not top 1, what would be the top 3 clients 
contributing to the revenue?  And if you could provide this for both of the segments, 
Manufacturing as well as service. This is the first question? 
Rabindra Srikantan: So, broadly, 60% is from 10 customers. That  is what we can share. Individually, number 1 or 
number 3 or the top 3 will be difficult. So, 60% would be from top 10 customers. 
Tej: And this is for the overall business? 
Rabindra Srikantan: Excuse me? 
Tej: This is for the overall business, Manufacturing plus service, right? 
Rabindra Srikantan: Overall business, yes. We do have customers for whom we do both DLM and ER&D as well. 
Tej: Got it. And one more question. I know you are not giving any specific information, but then if 
you could help us understand any one of the participants touch on this point, but if you could 

===== PAGE 18 =====
 ASM Technologies Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 17 of 19 
just broadly help us understand, one of the participants also mentioned th e name of the 
competitor, but if you could help us understand, let  us say, the Manufacturing clients that you 
have today, how much portion of their capital, the machinery requirement would you be 
meeting? I don't want any exact number, but if you could hel p us understand with the range, 
maybe let us say, less than 10%, less than 5% , what is the number today and then what  is the 
plan ahead? Are you developing new products for them? If you could just broadly help us 
understand this? And a followup on this, an d today, for your major clients in the 
Manufacturing business, of the total portion of the line, how much is today indigenized? How 
much of the line is made by Indian players and how is still dependent upon, let  us say, non -
Indian players and particularly Chinese players? If you could help us understand this part? 
Rabindra Srikantan: Yes. So, the last part will be difficult to answer for a number of reasons on how much is 
coming from India and non-India. See, for us, it is very difficult to keep one number on what is 
our share in the CAPEX, right?  There are different types of technology, different types of 
equipment where there is a different share. So, it is not easy to give that answer. So, since we 
work on a variety of technologies and a variety of equipm ent, each one, it varies. So, it is very 
hard to come up with a single number. And that is also constantly changing given the 
momentum in India. 
Tej: I get that, but I just wanted the range of the total portion.  I know you  probably might be 
catering to different equipment of a different whole line, but just wanted a broad range of the 
total CAPEX of the whole line, if you could give that number? 
Rabindra Srikantan: See, there are places where we would be the sole supplier and there are other customers where  
there will be other incumbents globally. So, it is very difficult. It can go from single supplier to 
maybe 4 or 5 suppliers, some global suppliers. So, it is hard to say that. 
Tej: Got it. No problem. And one more question on the solar business.  Have we s upplied to any 
clients in India or globally for the solar business? And if you could just help us understand, 
you are also talking about putting up a plant for solar, right? So, if you could help us 
understand, how are we expecting this business to scale up? Because we see a lot of capacities 
coming in cell plus panel in India, at least. So, if you could help us under stand this part of the 
business? 
Rabindra Srikantan: So, solar today for us is an India play. Solar is not just a global play. As we know, there is a lot 
of solar happening in India.  And India is probably the second largest solar destination in the 
world. So, India is big for us as far as solar goes. 
Tej: Got it. And any clients have you already supplied to? 
Moderator: Mr. Tej. 
Tej: This is just a completion of that question. 

===== PAGE 19 =====
 ASM Technologies Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 18 of 19 
Rabindra Srikantan: Yes, we have supplied. 
Tej: And is it possible to name? 
Rabindra Srikantan: We are not naming, but I think the large s olar players in India are known, t he handful of them. 
So, we work with some of them. 
Tej: And our equipment is for the panel part or is it mostly for the cell equipment? 
Rabindra Srikantan: It is at the cell level. 
Tej: No problem. Thank you. 
Rabindra Srikantan: You are welcome. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ajinkya Jadhav from KRIIS Portfolio. Please 
proceed. 
Ajinkya Jadhav: Thanks for the opportunity. My question is regarding the semiconductor part. So, given the 
moves from the central government for the semiconductor industry.  So, how our total 
addressable market will evolve given the opportunities that will be unfolding in the coming 
years? If you can delineate that, because what I understand, like you have been supplying to 
the global players. So, as the industry evolves in India, how our role get evolved? 
Rabindra Srikantan: So, India, definitely there is a lot going on. The PLI team has been very helpful and we  have 
seen almost 10 or 12 different large investments being announced and all are being 
implemented. Like we told earlier, there  is something we  have been doing for a long time 
globally. So, some of our customer ’s equipment are in India and will continue to come back 
into India on the investment which is going on in India right now. So, it definitely helps the 
global semiconductor ecosystem and helps us as well because anything happens here for any of 
our global customers, automatically a lot of the local support and all that would come to us and 
we will get a big percentage of that. 
Ajinkya Jadhav: As of now, is there any semiconductor equipment Manufacturing happening in India? 
Equipment Manufacturing, I am asking? 
Rabindra Srikantan: No. 
Ajinkya Jadhav: So, that will come in you are saying, correct? 
Rabindra Srikantan: Yes. 
Ajinkya Jadhav: Yes. That answers my question. Thank you. 

===== PAGE 20 =====
 ASM Technologies Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 19 of 19 
Moderator: Thank you. Due to time constraints, that was the last question. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for the closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Rabindra Srikantan: Thanks, everyone, for joining us on the call today. And what we would like to say is that these 
are very exciting time for ASM Technologi es. We are operating in a very growing 
environment and have strengthened our own Manufacturing ecosystem like we spoke about 
and we will remain focused on scaling both our Engineering and our Design-Led 
Manufacturing business.  Our focus will continue to be on profitable and sustainable growth 
driven by operational excellence, client partnership and disciplined capital allocation. For any 
other queries or clarification, feel free to reach out to SGA , our Investor Relations  Advisors. 
Once again, thank you very much for all your time and wish you all a great day and a week 
ahead. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of ASM Techno logies, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 