
===== PEER-MIDHANI_Aug_2025 PAGE 1 =====
                                                             MIDHANI

      MDN/CS/COMPLIANCE/2025-26                                                                       August 23, 2025

      To,

       BSE Limited,                                                National Stock Exchange of India Limited,
       P.J. Towers Dalal Street,                                   Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex,
       Mumbai- 400001                                              Bandra (East),
       Scrip Code: 541195                                          Mumbai 400051
                                                                             —


                                                                   Trading Symbol: MIDHANI


      Sub:    Transcript of the Analysts and Investors Meet/Conference Call held on August 18, 2025


      Dear Sir/Madam,

       1.      Further to our letter dated August 18, 2025 intimating you about the audio recording of
               Analysts and Investors Meet! Conference Call on Q1 FY26 Results, held on August 18,
                                                                                  —



               2025, please find below the transcript of the aforesaid Conference Call.

       2.      The transcript of the call is also made available on the Company’s website.

               This is for your information and record.

               Thanking you,
                                                                                                      Yours faithfully,
                                                                                      For Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited
                                                                                      PAUL             Digitally signed by PAUL ANTONY
                                                                                                       DN: c=IN, o=MISHRA DHATU NIGAM LIMITED, ou=MISHRA DHATU
                                                                                                       NIGAM LIMITED,
                                                                                                       2.5.4.20=60afa5c87eea5b9391f151974c3ca1ca3ee4c97920d3fb0a1f2ff



                                                                                      ANTONY
                                                                                                       78b536cb3e8, postalCode=500058, st=TELANGANA,
                                                                                                       serialNumber=92dde4a7c4d77285cefe5e99f4bcb94660854e04d6c17e
                                                                                                       5cc4e0217fdd4e0091, cn=PAUL ANTONY
                                                                                                       Date: 2025.08.23 10:32:44 +05'30'




                                                                                                                     Paul Antony
                                                                           Company Secretary & Compliance officer
                                                                             company.secretary@midhani-india.in



               End: As above




                               ~9 ~pj ~1~≥S                  MISHRA DHATU NIGAM LIMITED
                                (~i~ w~i~ ~ ~m)              (A Govt. of India Enterprise)
~i’4I~i c~Ig1,~g: ~~311. ~*i~iiii, ~ ~ii-ii -500058        Registered Office: P.O. Kanchanbagh, Hyderabad, Telangana-500058
                                    tI~ti Telephone: 040-24184000, ~ Fax: 040-24340039
                                   Pi1i~ii   ‘T~9PT   ~,   CIN: L14292TG1973G01001660
                                             i~ii~    Website: www.midhani-india.in

===== PEER-MIDHANI_Aug_2025 PAGE 2 =====
 “Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited Q1 FY 2026 Earnings
                 Conference Call”
                      August 18, 2025




MANAGEMENT:   DR. S.V.S. NARAYANA MURTY – CHAIRMAN & MANAGING
              DIRECTOR, MISHRA DHATU NIGAM LIMITED
              MRS. MADHUBALA KALLURI – DIRECTOR (FINANCE),
              MISHRA DHATU NIGAM LIMITED
              MR. PADAVITTAN BABU – GENERAL MANAGER
              (TECHNICAL SERVICES), MISHRA DHATU NIGAM LIMITED
              MR. V. N. S. V. ANNAPURNESWARA RAO, ADDITIONAL
              GENERAL MANAGER, FINANCE & ACCOUNTS – MISHRA
              DHATU NIGAM LIMITED
              MR. PAUL ANTONY – COMPANY SECRETARY, MISHRA
              DHATU NIGAM LIMITED
MODERATOR:    MR. MOHIT LOHIA – ICICI SECURITIES




                        Page 1 of 18

===== PEER-MIDHANI_Aug_2025 PAGE 3 =====
                                                                                      Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited
                                                                                                 August 18, 2025

Moderator:               Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q1 FY '26 Earnings Call of MIDHANI,
                         hosted by ICICI Securities Limited.


                         As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there will be an
                         opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance
                         during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*”, then “0” on your touch-
                         tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.


                         I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Mohit Lohia from ICICI Securities. Thank
                         you, and over to you, sir.


Mohit Lohia:             Hi, all. Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for quarter
                         one FY '26 Earnings Call of MIDHANI.


                         First of all, I would like to thank the Management for providing us with the opportunity to host
                         the call. From the Management side we have Dr. S.V.S. Narayana Murty – Chairman and
                         Managing Director, Mrs. Madhubala Kalluri – Director (Finance).


                         So without further delay, I would now hand over the call to Dr. Murty for the opening remarks.
                         Thank you, and over to you, sir.


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Thank you. Good afternoon to all the participants in the Conference Call. It's my pleasure to
                         welcome all of you to this investor conference call of Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited.


                         Present with me today for the Conference Call is Mrs. Madhubala Kalluri – Director of Finance;
                         and Mr. Babu – General Manager of TS; and Mr. Paul Antony, Company Secretary.


                         The detailed Financial Results for Q1 of FY '25-'26 have already been disclosed, and they are
                         all available with you. However, I would like to take a few minutes to highlight some of the key
                         figures from the results that were achieved during Q1 of FY '25-'26.


                         To begin with, I am pleased to report that during the quarter ending 30th June 2025, MIDHANI
                         has achieved a turnover of Rs. 170.5 crores marking a growth of 4.31% compared to Rs. 163.45
                         crores recorded in the corresponding quarter of the previous year. Importantly, the value of
                         production stood at Rs. 241.29 crores, reflecting a healthy growth of 14.47% over Rs. 210.79
                         crores in Q1 of previous financial year.


                         In terms of profitability:


                         The EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs. 41.28 crores, a growth of 32.86% over the previous
                         year’s Rs. 31.07 crores. The profit before tax reached Rs. 19 crores, registering a growth of
                         112.5% over Rs. 8.96 crores in Q1 of the previous year. Profit after tax was Rs. 12.8 crores,



                                               Page 2 of 18

===== PEER-MIDHANI_Aug_2025 PAGE 4 =====
                                                                                        Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited
                                                                                                   August 18, 2025

                         reflecting a growth of 150.49% compared with Rs. 5.11 crores recorded in the same quarter last
                         year. Additionally, our order book position remains robust at Rs. 1,827 crores as on 1st July 2025,
                         and this gives good visibility for FY '25-'26.


                         To conclude, I reiterate that at MIDHANI, we remain committed to supporting the strategic
                         sectors of the nation while also enhancing shareholder value. I look forward to your questions
                         and hope to addressing them and the queries you may have. So thank you.


                         With these few opening remarks, I welcome all of you to the further discussions.


Moderator:               Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question
                         comes from the line of Amit Dixit from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.


Amit Dixit:              Hi. Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for the opportunity. A few questions from my side, sir.
                         The first one is regarding the utilization of your Titanium mill. So, as I understand, we said
                         recently, I think a couple of quarters back, we commissioned 500 tonnes per annum mill. So just
                         wanted to understand the orders that you have currently and the current utilization of this mill?
                         That is the first question.


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Okay. So just to answer your question, we have a order book of Rs. 450 crores plus. Currently
                         we are fully utilizing our facilities and we are ready to execute orders already in hand, and we
                         are also expecting a few more orders from other customers.


Amit Dixit:              So this order book is executable over how much period?


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   It is about one and a half years.


Amit Dixit:              Got it, sir. The second question is on essentially, I mean, a wider strategic question, if I look at
                         the Government of India and just taking cue from the Prime Minister’s speech on Independence
                         Day wherein, he said that the domestic fighter jet should have domestic engines. So, what kind
                         of opportunity we see for MIDHANI in this respect? Given the fact that we have already been
                         developing a few components for Kaveri and indigenizing the other components also for
                         engines. If you can give a wider strategic framework that how we are collaborating for maybe
                         development of engine for Mark 2, and maybe for AMCA if anything has started. So that would
                         be very helpful, sir.


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Okay. So thank you for this question. Actually, any fighter jet program or any, in fact, any aero-
                         engine program basically it uses three kinds of strategic materials. So, it uses very high strength
                         steels, ultra-high strength steels, in fact. And it uses extensively super alloys, because the
                         temperatures go into during operation will demand the utilization of super alloys, and of course
                         Titanium alloys because of its superior specific strength to density ratio.




                                                 Page 3 of 18

===== PEER-MIDHANI_Aug_2025 PAGE 5 =====
                                                                                                   Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited
                                                                                                              August 18, 2025

                                    So keeping in view all these three things, these are the three main materials for MIDHANI. We
                                    are very strong in all these things. And as you mentioned, in Kaveri engine program also,
                                    MIDHANI was closely associated with the GTRE and we have developed a number of grades
                                    and successfully qualified time tested, and they have been used.


                                    Now coming to the future on the question regarding AMCA, we are really expecting orders.
                                    Already we are having a good number of orders and we expect a significant number of orders
                                    for these upcoming projects also.


           Amit Dixit:              Got it, sir. The third question is, essentially if I look at the margins, they have improved. I mean,
                                    at one point in time they went all the way down to 14% odd, but now we are seeing trajectory
                                    where margins are between 20% to 22%. The only thing lagging is revenue growth, which
                                    remains quite subdued in single digits I would say for this quarter. So just two key points here.
                                    One is that, on revenue what kind of growth can we expect this year? And margins, is this 20%
                                    to 25% odd range sustainable?


           S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Yes. With respect to the margins, we can expect, like in Q1 if you look at it, EBITDA margin is
                                    24.22%. So we are expecting that even for Q2, Q3, the whole year, that the EBITDA margins
                                    will be at the same range between 23% to 25%, we can expect. That's what we are looking at it.
                                    And with respect to the revenue growth, and as we already mentioned that we are having a good
                                    order book. And last year, we have achieved Rs. 1,074 crores turnover, and this year we are
                                    planning to achieve around Rs. 1,300 crores in minimum. But however, we have a target of Rs.
                                    1,500 crores, we are aiming for Rs. 1,500 crores but internally, we are confident that we will
                                    definitely be crossing Rs. 1,300 crores, and we will be aiming at Rs. 1,500 crores also.


           Amit Dixit:              That is great, sir. Wonderful. Another question that I had, and this is the last question from my
                                    side before I move back in the queue. So, it is on the order book itself. So if you can break this
                                    into various segments, how much it is from Defence, how much it is from railways, etc., that
                                    would be very helpful. Pace also.


           S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Okay. Percentage you are looking for or?


           Amit Dixit:              Sir, anything will do. I mean, if you go with percentage, I can convert it to a numbers, that’s
                                    fine.


           S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Rs. 1,827 crores is our order book, on that the aero is around Rs. 761 crores, i.e. aero sector. And
                                    army is also around Rs. 156 crores. And the next five years naval also we are having around Rs.
                                    420 crores like that.


V. N. S. V. Annapurneswara Rao:     So, presently we are having around 80% from Defence only. That's related to all aero, army,
                                    naval, everything. Remaining 20% only, now presently actually we already finalized the order




                                                            Page 4 of 18

===== PEER-MIDHANI_Aug_2025 PAGE 6 =====
                                                                                       Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited
                                                                                                  August 18, 2025

                         with the space that may come maybe in a month or two, so then the space will go up. Otherwise,
                         presently 80% is Defence-related 20% is space, energy and others, including exports.


Amit Dixit:              Wonderful, sir. Thank you for very patiently answering my question. Thank you. I will get back
                         in the queue. All the best.


Moderator:               Thank you. The next question comes from Sukrit Patil with Eyesight Fintrade Private Limited.
                         Please go ahead.


Sukrit Patil:            Good afternoon to the MIDHANI team. I have two questions. First for Mr. Murty and the second
                         is for Mrs. Madhubala. So, good afternoon to Mr. Murty. So my question to you is, as MIDHANI
                         strengthens its role in strategic sectors like Defence and Aerospace, how are you planning the
                         evolution of your product portfolio, especially in terms of proprietary alloys, additive
                         manufacturing, and export grade certifications? Is there any plan of action to transition from a
                         project-based execution to a platform-led innovation that could position the company as a global
                         supplier of these critical materials? Thank you.


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Okay. So thank you, Mr. Patil. So first of all, your first question is, see, we are a company with
                         maybe about 52 years of existence and more than 40 years of production. And our core strength
                         is our new alloy development. Basically, we have in our portfolio about 500 types of alloys
                         which have been exclusively designed for strategic sectors like Defence, space and nuclear. Out
                         of which, about 100 grades are exclusively for aeronautical grade that is used in aircraft. And
                         regarding proprietary, yes, MIDHANI developed many grades, and we have a number of
                         proprietary grades, either coming from TOTs are internally developed. So our core strength is
                         alloy development.


                         With respect to your additive manufacturing question, yes, we have idea of entering it. In fact,
                         we wanted to go for powder manufacturing. So already, we are in the process of establishing
                         powder manufacturing facility because the AM is coming up in a big way, and we expect some
                         of the powders, many of the powders are imported, strategic alloy powder. Some powders are
                         available, but still country imports larger quantities of powder because AM within the country
                         is also growing up significantly. So visualizing this, about a year or so back we have already put
                         orders for some of the equipments. And soon, we will be establishing facility for manufacture
                         of strategic powders, that is respect to AM. And the export grades, a large number of our products
                         are getting exported to more than 20 countries we export.


                         And your question on the project-based to platform-based. See, currently, majority of the
                         products our strategic department of a space, Defence and nuclear, and depending on the project
                         approvals, they give us orders. And platform-based, , it depends on their priorities.,. So, we are
                         ready to work on any mode. We are ready to take up any kind of challenging work. So, we are
                         looking forward whether there’s a new platform that is going to be introduced or, I mean, any




                                               Page 5 of 18

===== PEER-MIDHANI_Aug_2025 PAGE 7 =====
                                                                                        Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited
                                                                                                   August 18, 2025

                         new projects that get approval, we are ready to work with the stakeholders and develop new
                         grades. Our existing rates we are ready to supply. So, MIDHANI is fully prepared and our core
                         strength will be utilized in satisfying the needs of all our customers.


Sukrit Patil:            Okay. Thank you very much. And my second question is to Mrs. Madhubala. So I just want to
                         understand from a finance point of view, how do you internally prioritize capital between
                         capacity expansion, R&D and certification-led market access? Is there any framework that
                         balances the near-term execution with long-term global competitiveness? I just want to
                         understand your point of view on this.


Madhubala Kalluri:       Your question is relating to, how to differentiate between CapEx, long term and short term. We
                         have plans. For day-to-day things we are going with our internal resources. In case of long-term
                         related to company goals as well, we have made the projects which we are envisaging with the
                         recent analysis and based on the market potential and demand for the products we are going
                         ahead with cash-to-cash basis after thorough review of projects.


Sukrit Patil:            Okay, fine. Thank you for your guidance.


Moderator:               Thank you. The next question comes from Dipen Vakil from PhillipCapital. Please go ahead.


Dipen Vakil:             Thank you for the opportunity, sir. Sir, on looking at our order book, you are saying that we have
                         a current order book of close to around Rs. 1,800 crores. And this year, we are targeting some
                         Rs. 1,300 crores. So, which implies that majority of our order book would be depleted in this
                         year. So, can you give us some thoughts in terms of what are the new orders expected in this
                         year, specifically from the domestic side? And also, if you can throw some light on the demand
                         scenario on the international front also, since we are exporting to more than 20 countries, so
                         what kind of opportunities are we seeing from the export region as well? That is my first
                         question.


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Yes. Thank you very much. The expected order, what is the order in hand, Rs. 1,827 crores, we
                         are expecting in Q2 orders worth of Rs. 701 crores already where we are under different stages
                         of negotiations and all. So, we are expecting in Q2 about Rs. 700 crores of orders.


Dipen Vakil:             Sir, and can you throw some light on the demand scenario, domestic as well as export, as to what
                         are the opportunities that we are seeing? And because almost every countries are now increasing
                         their defense spending, so what kind of opportunities that MIDHANI also plans to target? And
                         what kind of inquiries that they are also witnessing?


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Yes, there are significant number of orders in pipeline, particularly aerospace, space, energy,
                         missiles, naval, export. I mean, from every sector we are having good number of orders,
                         particularly from space we are expecting a significant order of high value. Aero and missile
                         sector also we are expecting significant orders in this quarter. So hopefully, they will be coming.



                                               Page 6 of 18

===== PEER-MIDHANI_Aug_2025 PAGE 8 =====
                                                                                        Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited
                                                                                                   August 18, 2025

                         And the export scenario also is very good because of the geopolitical seasons elsewhere, people
                         are approaching. So hopefully, we will be able to get some good orders for exports also.


Dipen Vakil:             So out of the Rs. 1,800 crores, what would be the quantum of export order?


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Exports are Rs. 35 crores out of Rs. 1,800 crores.


Dipen Vakil:             Got it. And what would be the key geography for your export clientele?


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Okay. There are around 22 countries are there, European origin mostly.


Dipen Vakil:             Got it, sir. Thank you so much for answering my questions. All the best.


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Thank you.


Moderator:               Thank you. The next question comes from Henil Bagadia from Equicorp. Please go ahead.


Henil Bagadia:           Thank you for the opportunity, sir. I have one question. Sir, I have got a few questions. So the
                         first is related to the wide plate mill. So the wide plate mill, what is the current utilization and
                         the fixed overheads? And going forward, as you said that as you see the ramp-up in utilization,
                         you will also see better margins. So, I mean, right now we are guiding for 20% to 25% EBITDA
                         margins. And I think after it reaches optimum, it should be between 25% to 30%. So two parts
                         there.


                         So one, what are the kind of wide plate are we concentrating on? Is it more towards aluminum
                         or is it more towards titanium and what is the competitive scenario there? Because globally,
                         China is the largest in aluminum and is very price competitive there, but titanium is more
                         strategic than as our current titanium capacity is almost fully utilized. So if you ramp up the wide
                         plate mills you would need more titanium. So I mean, where would you go on the CapEx side
                         for titanium and some more clarity out there?


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Okay. Thank you, Mr. Bagadia. It's a good question. Actually, our current WPM utilization is
                         about 40%, so there is a good spare capacity. We are in discussion with many of our customers
                         to convert some of the products into plates. Because one unique thing about our wide plate mill
                         is, this is one mill having a width of 15.2 meters. And we can roll very hard steel like margin
                         steel. Not only that, we have recently started using it for rolling of super alloys and Titanium
                         alloys. So, certainly it has got some places where it can take more load.


                         With respect to Aluminum, it is not in the main portfolio of MIDHANI, but there have been
                         inquiries from many people who are looking for using our wide plate mill, and we are also keen
                         on taking up because of our spare capacity. So if something works out in the near future, we will




                                               Page 7 of 18

===== PEER-MIDHANI_Aug_2025 PAGE 9 =====
                                                                                      Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited
                                                                                                 August 18, 2025

                         also be reporting some rolling of aluminum. But definitely, we are looking at Titanium and super
                         alloy plates, wherever possible we are interested to take up, and we are taking up also currently.


Henil Bagadia:           Sir, so on the Titanium parts, since we are I mean at optimum utilization already, so you would
                         have to do more CapEx on the capacity side. So, any clarity there as to when you plan to allocate
                         funds and when the new titanium blast furnace will be operational?


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Yes. We have already invested in Titanium. We have established a titanium processing facility
                         on the dedicated Titanium Vacuum Arc Remelting facility has been established with Rs. 50
                         crores investment. And yes, we are already fully utilizing our titanium side. We have orders in
                         hand as well as we are fully utilizing it.


Henil Bagadia:           For future orders and further utilization of capacity will lead more Titanium capacity, so would
                         you import it or would you source it in-house?


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   No, no, we do not import. I mean, you mean raw materials or you mean what?


Henil Bagadia:           No, the Titanium ingots.


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   No, no, we do not import it. From raw materials we melt the alloys and we supply to two different
                         customers in different formats, plates, sheets and bar product, as well as even up to wire we can
                         make it of different prices. So we do not import it. We have been making and we make these
                         Titan products in-house within MIDHANI.


Henil Bagadia:           Okay. Sir, secondly, on the aero engines and the aerospace side. So we developed a new alloy
                         about two quarters back, the 718-nickel alloy. So sir, right now there has been a lot of traction
                         in the aero engine and the aerospace market, I mean, there have been good order buildup of CFM
                         GE, Pratt & Whitney and Rolls-Royce, the four main companies. And we are empaneled on all
                         four companies as a supply chain partner. So what is our rank on their supply because it's about
                         a two or three or four player market in terms of vendor sourcing, so I mean what rank do we
                         have there?


                         Sir, and how is the orders shaping up from these companies? Also, a connected question is on
                         the MRO side, sir, Safran’s Hyderabad MRO is going to get completed by this year-end, so sir,
                         are you panel also with Safran in terms of supply? Because this happens to be for, I mean, the
                         LEAP engine as well as they might extend it to the Rafael aero engine MRO supplies too.


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Alloy 718 is one of the most important super alloy in this kind of category for high-temperature
                         applications. It is used extensively where materials are required to be used up to 650 degrees
                         Celsius, and MIDHANI is a leader in this class of material. So we make the super alloys and we
                         supply to right from ISRO to DRDO, many, many customers we supply this material too. And
                         you mentioned Safran and all, there are many foreign customers who come and ask for audit of



                                               Page 8 of 18

===== PEER-MIDHANI_Aug_2025 PAGE 10 =====
                                                                                        Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited
                                                                                                   August 18, 2025

                         our plant, and we work with them closely. And we are expecting exports from these very niche
                         customers because they are in touch with us to give orders. And hopefully, in a quarter or two
                         we will be able to close the deal with some of these customers, foreign customers.


Henil Bagadia:           So, are we empaneled with all the four engine makers, the top four engine makers?


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   No, we are in discussion with them. And to some of them we are supplying also.


Henil Bagadia:           Sir, this is the last question before I get in the queue. Sir, regarding the ultra-high megawatt
                         power plant, so we had some products for supplies. I mean, right now the government has, I
                         think, so they have released funds and they are pretty active in getting the plants. So are we
                         seeing orders there? Because we have got certain super alloys which is being used for advanced
                         supercritical application. So, if you could just allude, I mean, are the orders slowing in? Or do
                         you see more time for the orders to come in?


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   See, with respect to ultra-high UHC, already we have developed only actually named Indian
                         high temperature alloy. We are already developed in collaboration with NFE, IGCAR,
                         Kalpakkam and NTPC. And we already developed some new products for this particular thing,
                         it is called 740H. So technologically we are ready, we are expecting order any time.


Henil Bagadia:           Is it similar to the alloy that IIT-Bombay has recently developed and they are claiming 50%
                         efficiency on the boiler side, is IIT having a different product and we have a different product?


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   No, I do not know the alloy you are talking about, but this we are working with our UHC people.
                         And these are the products that are going to be used. There may be many new developments of
                         improved efficiency and all, but this being a very important thing we already have a discussion
                         with Indira Gandhi Center and Nuclear Fuel Complex for extrusion. So, we have already
                         developed these materials for that which has been frozen in the design, and we hope to get the
                         orders soon from them.


Henil Bagadia:           Just a clarification with respect to what sir said. So sir, regarding the clarification, is these
                         products just using the advanced super high critical boilers? Or is it also used in the other boilers
                         that goes into it? Because, I mean, the overall boiler as a portfolio is about 30% to 35% of the
                         power project cost. So I was just trying to estimate the kind of bill of material we will supply to
                         the BHEL and other vendors, which internally supply it to the power projects?


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Yes. These are exclusively for ultra-high temperature, ultra -supercritical projects. And these are
                         very niche, I mean, niche products, okay, demanding very high specifications. And these
                         specifically go into this, whatever I mentioned.


Moderator:               Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Abhishek Jain from AlfAccurate. Please
                         go ahead.



                                               Page 9 of 18

===== PEER-MIDHANI_Aug_2025 PAGE 11 =====
                                                                                                    Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited
                                                                                                               August 18, 2025

           Abhishek Jain:           Thanks for the opportunity. Congrats for a strong set of numbers, Sir. So Sir, as you mentioned
                                    that you are considering of around Rs. 1,300 crores in this year, and you are targeting of Rs.
                                    1,500 crores kind of the number. That means in the coming quarters, run rate will be Rs. 370
                                    crores to Rs. 380 crores. So just wanted to understand how would be the quarterly progress in
                                    the turnover and the order book? Or most of the orders will be executed in the second half only?


           S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Yes. So see, already we are having Rs. 1,827 crores worth of orders. We are expecting around
                                    Rs. 701 crores of orders in Q2. So, put together, we are having enough orders in hand. So, we
                                    are having all the facilities running, we should be able to make it. So, we are confident as on
                                    today we have no other issues with respect to meeting the demands of the customers with respect
                                    to time schedule.


           Abhishek Jain:           So, how would be the execution? So most of the execution will be in the second half only? Or it
                                    will start to ramp up from the second quarter onwards?


           S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   No, it will be stagnant. I mean, alloy making is a time-taking thing. Depending on the product,
                                    we have to melt and do the downstream operations. So, sometimes it takes longer time, like for
                                    example, you have sheet products, tube products, pipe products, it will take longer time
                                    compared to bar products. So, it depends on the product shape basically, how long it will take,
                                    and it will be staggered up to Q4.


           Abhishek Jain:           And in this quarter, the gross margin expansion was significant, is it because of the change in
                                    the margin of composition or fall in the raw material prices?


V. N. S. V. Annapurneswara Rao:     Yes. There are multiple bases. Definitely, there is efficiency in the raw material cost. The raw
                                    material cost has reduced. And also, as we discussed, the production has increased. See, when
                                    the production has increased, obviously, the overhead burden per tonne or the burden per unit
                                    will come down, right? So that is one factor. And the second is that raw material utilization, even
                                    the prices also when compared with last year's Q1, the prices have come down, raw material
                                    prices.


                                    So last year, actually it's at very high rate. So that is also second component. And also, on top of
                                    it, yes, as we are already mentioning always that we are now using virgin margin and the scrap
                                    mix wherever there is a possibility and, of course, with the confirmation from the customer. So
                                    that is also giving us some savings with respect to the raw material cost. So, these are the things
                                    which are contributing for the good margins when compared to the previous Q1.


           Abhishek Jain:           Sir, my question was on high scrap inventory. So, I just wanted to understand, are we exploring
                                    any plans for dedicated scrap processing or recycling plant to improve cost efficiency?


V. N. S. V. Annapurneswara Rao:     No. Presently, the returns generated in-house, those things we have a method of segregating,
                                    means, again, alloy grade wise and be able to make use it. So, there is not any separate scrap



                                                         Page 10 of 18

===== PEER-MIDHANI_Aug_2025 PAGE 12 =====
                                                                                        Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited
                                                                                                   August 18, 2025

                         processing like any maybe separate only people who is dealing scrap they may need such type
                         of take. Here, whenever we are manufacturing batch where we are taking upon alloy, we will be
                         continuing with that. And separately, we are keeping it and tracking. And again, we are using it
                         wherever required cleaning part that we are taking care. There is no separate craft processing
                         unit is required.


Abhishek Jain:           Okay. And my last question on your orders with the HAL, can you throw some more light on
                         the size and the duration and the potential for the repeat order?


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Okay. So we are currently having our orders with HAL for super alloys, basically steel and super
                         alloys and titanium alloys. So we are in the cost of executing. And once the orders are completed,
                         there is a possibility. So depending on the orders they get from their inventors, whenever they
                         are getting for more aircraft or anything, similarly, they will put orders with us because these are
                         all the regular grades of MIDHANI they come back to us. So it depends on how many orders
                         they get basically.


Abhishek Jain:           And what is the size of the current orders with the HAL?


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Total, it will be around Rs. 750 crores.

Abhishek Jain:           Okay, sir. Thank you, sir. That’s all from my side, sir.


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Thank you.


Moderator:               Thank you. The next question comes from Venkatesh from LogicTree Consultant. Please go
                         ahead.


Venkatesh Subramanian:   Good afternoon, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. I have two questions. Question one is you
                         indicated the present order book and the possible orders you will get in Q2. But mine is a slightly
                         long-term vision. Sir, considering the big opportunity across sectors, both on the domestic and
                         export side, to take a three to five-year view on MIDHANI, what is the kind of internal vision
                         that you have? Sir, what is the broad number that we can look at as a company, if you want to
                         stay invested for three to five years?


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Thank you for your question. Actually, okay, this internally we usually discuss. So, we are
                         having both short-term targets as well as long-term targets, both with respect to CapEx as well
                         as the production. So, we are expecting in a time period of about five years our targets will be
                         around Rs. 2,000 crores. That is a target we are looking at from the current Rs. 1,100 crores
                         approximately, we want to go to Rs. 2,000 crores in five years.


Venkatesh Subramanian:   Rs. 2,000 crores top line five years, is that not considering the kind of opportunity you have? Is
                         that not a very ambitious number, it is a very less low number, isn't it sir?




                                               Page 11 of 18

===== PEER-MIDHANI_Aug_2025 PAGE 13 =====
                                                                                          Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited
                                                                                                     August 18, 2025

S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   See, with the existing facilities, see, it's a different kind of market altogether,So exclusively these
                         are strategic materials. And with the available facilities, including some of the new facilities that
                         we are going to augment in three to five years' time, I am giving these figures. I mean, see, in
                         strategic factor what happens is the quantities are small and the numbers are large. See, it is a
                         different thing. It is not that we are producing like a steel plant, a regular steel plant. Here, a
                         number of grades will be like in an aircraft, number of grades will be too many and quantities
                         are small. And the required quality is very, very high. So, these things put us in this bracket. I
                         think Rs. 2,000 crores is what we are looking for. If it is more, I do not know, I mean this is the
                         current achievable target that is what we feel.


Venkatesh Subramanian:   Okay, sir. Great. Second question, sir, in your annual report of last year as well as this year, one
                         of the key words that you use is global supply chain linkages, which is both required for bringing
                         in as well as taking it out. Is that your greatest challenge, which is getting the global supply chain
                         linkages? Can you elaborate on that, please?


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Yes. This is one important challenge because many of the raw materials that we use for making
                         the alloys are imported. And because of the global chain disruption, sometimes it happens that
                         some of these raw materials that go into production of materials, alloys are not available in time.
                         So it will put stress on us sometimes. Suppose say, for example, some materials or some strains
                         are not available or some pure elements which we use in the manufacturing of these nickel-based
                         super alloys, even if one element is not there, like typically a super alloy consists of six to seven
                         elements. Absence of any one of the elements is going to be a critical thing.


                         And one of our objectives is also to develop some domestic market, but it takes time. It will not
                         happen immediately because these are all long, I mean, very heavy investments are required for
                         making these elements, okay, whatever we import, if you want to make within the country, it
                         takes time. So short term, yes, we want to meet the targets. And long term, we want to have
                         some collaborations and all, how to recover, maybe some of these alloy elements if they are
                         possible to recycle and use, that also we are looking. So supply chain is a very, very important
                         thing in our type of production, where we depend on external countries for resources.


Venkatesh Subramanian:   Okay, sir. And the current order book of Rs. 1,800 crores plus what you are indicating in terms
                         of orders coming in this and next quarter, what would be the execution timeline for this, if I stay
                         for the Rs. 1,800 crores plus Rs. 600 crores that you are projecting?


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Yes, something like one and a half years, it will take one and a half years is the execution time.


Venkatesh Subramanian:   Sir, which means, I am trying to collaborate my study, which is Rs. 1,800 crores plus Rs. 700
                         crores if you are able to execute it even in two years, maybe we will reach our ambition faster,
                         isn't it, sir?




                                               Page 12 of 18

===== PEER-MIDHANI_Aug_2025 PAGE 14 =====
                                                                                         Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited
                                                                                                    August 18, 2025

S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Yes, it is possible, but it all depends on, see, one problem is, we should have smooth supply from
                         materials. So, if we are able to get, it should be possible, as you told. Good number of orders in
                         hand, so your statement will be correct, provided there will not be any hindrance. Because
                         sometimes we are finding it difficult to import certain critical raw materials, that's why we have
                         told like that.


Venkatesh Subramanian:   Got it, sir. One last question. Sir, the previous MD, Mr. Jha, had pointed out in one of the con
                         calls saying that the potential for MIDHANI’s role in our country is so huge across so many
                         programs that India needs five MIDHANI, that's the kind of capacity that was needed. Can you
                         take it forward, sir, do you think that is the kind of potential that we foresee for the next five, 10
                         years, sir?


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   My predecessor was 100% true, his words are absolute. See, the thing is, even today if you look
                         at the EXIM data, there are steel super alloys and titanium alloys are imported by around Rs.
                         8,000 crores worth of these steels which are in the portfolio of MIDHANI are being imported
                         every year. So just when he told this, I think probably this is what was in his mind. If you keep
                         it five MIDHANI’s means 5 into maybe Rs. 1,100 crores, it is even less than, even we cannot
                         meet. So there are a large number of these grades are getting imported because due to multiple
                         reasons. So, absolutely it’s correct. Yes, we need to strengthen. We need to expand. We need to
                         become big. We need to cater. And all the Government of India’s idea is to have everything done
                         within the country under Aatmanirbhar.


                         So, we are sure that we are going to expand in due course of time. And that is why we gave in
                         about five years we are going to do at least Rs. 2,000 crores. We should be able to make it. And
                         the materials, whatever we are supplying, these strategic materials are required more and more
                         in numbers because you know the kind of things, many orders are there from defense. So it is
                         expanding, overall. The kind of products that MIDHANI is making is expanding and country
                         needs more such companies, yes.


Venkatesh Subramanian:   Excellent sir. Thank you so much. In fact, me and my friends went through some parliamentary
                         notes also, and your company is being mentioned as the company of strategic national
                         importance. There's a lot of people talking about it. I wish you the best.


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Thank you so much. Thank you.


Moderator:               Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Amit Dixit from Goldman Sachs. Please
                         go ahead.


Amit Dixit:              Thank you for the opportunity. Just a quick follow-up from my side. The first one is on the
                         Rohtak armor factory, if you can mention the capacity utilization there and what kind of revenue
                         can we expect from this facility in the next couple of years? Also, a related one on this is that
                         now LCH order has been given to HAL.



                                              Page 13 of 18

===== PEER-MIDHANI_Aug_2025 PAGE 15 =====
                                                                                        Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited
                                                                                                   August 18, 2025

S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Okay. So with respect to the Rohtak, yes, we are having two products from Rohtak, basically
                         vehicle armoring and body armoring. So with respect to vehicle armoring, we are having a good
                         number of orders, okay? We are having bulletproofing of vehicles. We are having good orders
                         from respective police departments, state police departments as well as central police forces.
                         And with respect to body armoring, yes, some of the orders we are already, yes, so we are having
                         a TOT, technology transfer from Bhabha Kavach, that is one. And we are also looking at
                         ABHED, another TOT. So, orders are expected.


                         Recently we got an order for bulletproof jackets from one of the state police departments. So,
                         we have to expand. Still it is not up to the mark, but still we are looking for some expansion in
                         that and getting orders to execute. And with respect to LCH order to HAL, so we are to get some
                         good orders in this area.


Amit Dixit:              If you can let us know your imported content in that value of production, and what kind of steps
                         are we taking to bring it down? So this imported products. I know there are a lot of things not
                         within your control because some of these materials are not produced in India.


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Yes. It all depends on, I mean, the end user has to give us the opportunity to work on that because
                         many of these products that are imported are all in the portfolio of MIDHANI, whether it is steel,
                         super alloy or titanium alloy. So it depends on their timelines and what are their promises to their
                         customers. So accordingly, we are expecting some orders. We are yet to get any feedback from
                         them.


Amit Dixit:              Okay, sir. Thank you so much and all the best.


Moderator:               Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Dipen Vakil from PhillipCapital. Please
                         go ahead.


Dipen Vakil:             Thank you for the follow-up opportunity. Sir, my question is on the lines of your supply chain.
                         So, what would be the raw materials that you are currently importing? And also, the raw
                         materials which are easily available from the domestic region, so can you throw some light on
                         that?


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Yes, something like 75% to 80% of the raw materials we import, because these raw materials,
                         India is not having the mineral resources to produce the kind of materials that we are using for
                         making super alloys, like, for example, nickel, cobalt, molly, tungsten, these things we import.
                         So, maybe 75% to 80%. But there are alloys, I mean, there are materials which we use
                         domestically also, but significant part of it is coming from imported pure elements.


Dipen Vakil:             Got it, sir. Thank you so much.




                                              Page 14 of 18

===== PEER-MIDHANI_Aug_2025 PAGE 16 =====
                                                                                                 Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited
                                                                                                            August 18, 2025

        Moderator:                Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Gopi Krishnan, an individual investor.
                                  Please go ahead.


        Gopi Krishnan:            Yes. I have only one question. The revenue sales is Rs. 168 crores, so I would like to know what
                                  is the production charge against these sales? Value of production charge against the sale of Rs.
                                  168 crores?


        S.V.S. Narayana Murty:    VOP?


V. N. S. V. Annapurneswara Rao:   POP is Rs. 250 crores.


        Gopi Krishnan:            The value --


        S.V.S. Narayana Murty:    The value of revenues for – sorry, please go ahead.


        Gopi Krishnan:            Actually, I understand what is the total value of production for the quarter, but what is the value
                                  of production charged against Rs. 168 crores, just to approximate figure?


V. N. S. V. Annapurneswara Rao:   Okay. So that is around Rs. 110 crores.


        Gopi Krishnan:            So Rs. 110 crores of production has generated for you Rs. 168 crores?


V. N. S. V. Annapurneswara Rao:   Rs. 110 crores is raw materials that have been used and this Rs. 110 crores consists of, yes, virgin
                                  raw materials which we have used. And also some scrap we use it, right, so this is the working
                                  raw materials of Rs. 110 crores.


        Gopi Krishnan:            No, my question is specific, not regarding material. I am talking about you mentioned that Rs.
                                  241 crores is your value of production. So what is the value of production charge against Rs.
                                  168 crores? When you invoice Rs. 168 crores to the client, how much is the value of production
                                  against that?


V. N. S. V. Annapurneswara Rao:   Where the 168 crores has come? Are you talking about revenue?


        Gopi Krishnan:            Revenue, yes.


V. N. S. V. Annapurneswara Rao:   Rs. 170 crores, okay.


        Gopi Krishnan:            Yes, Rs. 170 crores is okay.


V. N. S. V. Annapurneswara Rao:   Okay, fine. Around that we contribute around 60%.


        Gopi Krishnan:            60% is the value of production?




                                                       Page 15 of 18

===== PEER-MIDHANI_Aug_2025 PAGE 17 =====
                                                                                                 Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited
                                                                                                            August 18, 2025

V. N. S. V. Annapurneswara Rao:   Yes.


        Gopi Krishnan:            So that means 40% you are making that means --


V. N. S. V. Annapurneswara Rao:   Value addition, yes.


        S.V.S. Narayana Murty:    Other things will be there, other overheads will be there, cost will be there, consumables will be
                                  there.


        Gopi Krishnan:            So approximately you are telling 60% of Rs. 170 crores is charged against this?


V. N. S. V. Annapurneswara Rao:   Yes.


        Gopi Krishnan:            As value of production?


V. N. S. V. Annapurneswara Rao:   Yes. Because on top of our raw materials, that is only the raw material consumption I talked
                                  about, right? On top of it, there will be a scrap consumption, there will be the expenditures like
                                  employee expenses, other overheads like consumables, power, repairs, so many things will be
                                  there. All those things, finance costs will be there, depreciation, so many things.


        Gopi Krishnan:            Yes. Okay. And also one more question, is there any seasonality in production from MIDHANI?
                                  Always its Q1 is lower and Q4 is higher, is there something like that? I am talking about
                                  production.


V. N. S. V. Annapurneswara Rao:   Yes, there may be last quarter may be a little more aggressive compared to other three quarters.
                                  Maybe if you look at the previous quarter results also you can find that.


        Gopi Krishnan:            Yes, always it’s like that. But is there anything like that seasonality, for production, not sales, I
                                  am talking. No, nothing like that, okay, maybe more running in the last quarter to achieve the
                                  targets.


        Gopi Krishnan:            Okay. That’s all from my side. Thank you.


        Moderator:                Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Henil Bagadia with Equicorp. Please go
                                  ahead.


        Henil Bagadia:            Thank you for the opportunity, again. I just got two quick questions. Sir one is, since the raw
                                  material prices have come down compared to last year, so is there any upward revision on the
                                  gross margin and EBITDA margin guidance you plan to make?


V. N. S. V. Annapurneswara Rao:   That's what is already reflected. If we look at it, last year the EBITDA margins were only 19%,
                                  Q1, if you look at it, because Rs. 31 crores EBITDA and Rs. 163 crores, the EBITDA margin is




                                                         Page 16 of 18

===== PEER-MIDHANI_Aug_2025 PAGE 18 =====
                                                                                       Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited
                                                                                                  August 18, 2025

                         19%. So Rs. 24 crores is Q1 of the current financial year, right? And also, it has the same impact,
                         cash carry impact on the PBT. Last year it was 5.48% and it is 11.14% of the revenue, same is
                         the case of the PAT. So that is what has resulted the savings, yes, it has contributed.


Henil Bagadia:           On the RM side are we fairly diversified in terms of procurement? Because I mean on cobalt, I
                         think DRC has still extended their export ban, so are we fairly comfortable in terms of supplies
                         of raw materials?


Madhubala Kalluri:       Raw material procurement, we are going as per the orders available. That is a continuous process,
                         we have to keep on procuring raw material as per the requirement and considering the market
                         trends also, procurement in a continuous process, sir.


Henil Bagadia:           Okay. And then the last question, sir, if you could also explain, so we have got a product for
                         bullet proof jackets called Kavach. Sir, how different is it from technical textile product which
                         is manufactured by a few textile players, which is also a bullet proof jacked that is used? Because
                         there was a large opportunity in terms of getting orders from state and central police departments,
                         but I think so the ramp-up of the number of orders that you received has not been in line with
                         our expectations.


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Yes. Probably your statement will be true. See, the normal textile and this thing is different
                         because bulletproof jackets have different layers of materials consisting of some polymeric
                         materials and ceramic materials, which will be resistant to firing bullets, so it's a technology.
                         And you have to get it in the right form, the interfaces has to be good interface between the
                         polymer and the ceramic. So the technology is available, it is called Kavach, what you are
                         referring is called Bhabha Kavach. We have taken a TOT from BARC and we are working on
                         that. We are also in the process of taking TOT from IIT Delhi, it is called ABHED, and we are
                         working with them and we are doing the initial processing of some of the jackets. And these are
                         for higher levels. That is more intense bullets also can be stopped. So, as you told, yes, once
                         these things are established, we will be going, and we should be getting orders in next few
                         quarters once these are established.


Henil Bagadia:           Thank you very much. All the best to the team.


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Thank you so much.


Moderator:               Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand
                         the conference over to the management for the closing remarks.


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   So thank you. It's been a wonderful experience. Thank you once again for all our investors for
                         joining today's conference call and for the all your continuous trust and support on MIDHANI.
                         We are proud of what MIDHANI has accomplished in Q1 of FY '25-'26. And as we move to the
                         next quarter, I am confident that with our strong order book, particularly the expected Rs. 701



                                              Page 17 of 18

===== PEER-MIDHANI_Aug_2025 PAGE 19 =====
                                                                         Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited
                                                                                    August 18, 2025

             crores from Q2, I think we can have a sustained growth. If you have any further questions, you
             can please call our Company Secretary. We wish you from MIDHANI side a pleasant day.


Moderator:   Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this
             conference. Thank you for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines.




                                 Page 18 of 18
