
===== PEER-TDPOWERSYS_Aug_2026 PAGE 1 =====
                                                                                TD Power Systems Limited
August 18, 2026                                                                 (CIN -L31103KA1999PLC025071)

                                                                                REGISTERED OFFICE & FACTORY:
                                                                                27, 28 and 29, KIADB Industrial Area
                                                                                Dabaspet, Nelamangala Taluk
The Corporate Service          The Listing Department                           Bengaluru Rural District
                                                                                Bengaluru – 562 111 India
Department                     The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
BSE Limited                    Exchange Plaza, Bandra- Kurla Complex     Tel +91 80 229 95700 / 6633 7700
P J Towers, Dalal Street       Bandra (East)                             Fax +91 80 7734439 / 2299 5718
                                                                         Mail tdps@tdps.co.in
Mumbai – 400 001               Mumbai- 400 051
Scrip Code: 533553             Symbol: TDPOWERSYS                        www.tdps.co.in




Dear Sir/Madam,

SUB: TRANSCRIPT OF EARNING CONFERENCE CALL – QUARTER ENDED JUNE 30, 2026.

In furtherance of our letter dated August 03, 2026 regarding intimation of earnings conference call,
the transcript of Q1 FY 2027 earning conference call held on August 12, 2026, is enclosed and same
has been uploaded on the website of the Company at www.tdps.co.in.

Kindly take the above on record.

Yours faithfully,
For TD Power Systems Limited
BHARAT               Digitally signed by
                     BHARAT RAJWANI

RAJWANI              Date: 2026.08.18 12:39:33
                     +05'30'

Bharat Rajwani
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer


Encl: A/a

===== PEER-TDPOWERSYS_Aug_2026 PAGE 2 =====
                          “TD Power Systems Limited
                 Q1 FY ‘27 Earnings Conference Call”
                                       August 12, 2026


E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recording uploaded on the
                              stock exchange on 12th August 2026 will prevail.




MANAGEMENT:              MR. NIKHIL KUMAR – MANAGING DIRECTOR
                         MR. DEEPAK KUMAR SINHA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
                         MS. M.N VARALAKSHMI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
                         MR. VINAY HEGDE – GLOBAL HEAD- SALES & MARKETING




                                                Page 1 of 17

===== PEER-TDPOWERSYS_Aug_2026 PAGE 3 =====
                                                                                      TD Power Systems Limited
                                                                                               August 12, 2026

Moderator:      Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to TD Power Systems Limited Q1 FY '27
                Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I would like to point out that this conference call
                may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs,
                opinions and expectations of the company as on date of this call.


                These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and
                uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen
                only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to questions after the presentation concludes.
                Should you need assistance in the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then
                zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.


                I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nikhil Kumar, Managing Director of TD Power Systems
                Limited. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Kumar.


Nikhil Kumar:   Good morning and thank you for joining us on this call today to discuss the financial results of
                TD Power Systems Limited for the quarter ended 30th June 2026. I trust all of you would have
                received our results and investor presentation. Now I'll discuss with you the financial
                performance of TDPS for this quarter ended 30th June.


                Standalone, our total income for Q1 on a stand-alone basis was INR6.3 billion versus INR3.63
                billion over the same period in the previous year, an increase of 74%. EBITDA for the quarter
                is 19.34%, including other income, excluding exceptional and treasury income versus 18.7%
                over the same period in the previous year.


                Profit after tax and comprehensive income for the quarter is INR853 million versus the profit of
                INR471 million for the same period in the previous year, an increase of 81%. Order book for the
                Manufacturing segment is INR22.08 billion, out of which INR19.29 billion is the generator and
                motor manufacturing business, INR2.11 billion is railway business, spares and aftermarket is
                INR0.22 billion and INR0.46 billion is the Turkey business.


                Export and deemed exports, excluding railway order for both domestic and exports is 57%.
                Order inflow statistics. Order inflow during the quarter is INR7.34 billion, an increase of 87%
                on a Q-on-Q basis. Order inflow from direct and deemed exports is INR6.84 billion compared
                to INR2.57 billion, 93% of our quarterly order inflows, exports by 7% is domestic.


                Consolidated, our total consol performance for Q1 is sales of INR6.43 billion versus INR3.76
                billion, increase of 71%, and profit after tax and other comprehensive income for the quarter is
                INR860 million versus a profit of INR500 million, increase of 72%. We continue to maintain a
                strong cash position of INR2.4 billion.


                Coming to the order book, market conditions and guidance. In general, we see a very buoyant
                market for TDPS in all segments of business. The basic factors that are driving growth continue
                to play out, AI data centres, grid stabilization, basic power generation push towards renewables,
                which drives demand for geothermal, hydro, waste-to-energy, etcetera. With all sectors in full
                force, we see strong order inflow situation continuing and the focus is still heavily on execution.


                                          Page 2 of 17

===== PEER-TDPOWERSYS_Aug_2026 PAGE 4 =====
                                                                               TD Power Systems Limited
                                                                                        August 12, 2026

             Despite differing views on the sustainability of this buoyancy in the media, the ground reality is
             that there is a tremendous shortage of power generation equipment, specifically in gas turbines,
             gas engines, transformers and generators. The forecast of demand at the moment are very strong
             and TDPS is taking the position to maximize the order inflow and on the capacity side, we are
             focusing on efficiency as well as debottlenecking to increase output for FY '28.


             We will most likely go in for another round of capacity addition for generators below 100
             megawatt [inaudible 0:04:10] design. We'll inform the market about these investments and plans
             in the next earnings call since we are still in the process of assessing which products and which
             capacities need to be enhanced.


             As mentioned above, at the moment, we have sufficient capacity for FY '28 around INR22
             billion. Although we will do some debottlenecking with investments around INR500 million.


             Next, we're looking at what we should be doing for FY '29 and FY '30 to move the capacity to
             INR40 billion and above. Regarding the opportunity in the large generator segment, we are close
             to signing agreements with the relevant parties and we will inform the market growth probably
             in the month of August about these unique opportunities. These opportunities are over and above
             the current business of the company, which is generators below 100 megawatt.


             Now let me come to the segments one by one. The steam turbine market continues to grow at
             the rate we predicted with no surprises on the upside or downside. The market is steady with
             around 10% to 12% growth taking place in the captive power plant business, biomass, waste to
             heat recovery.


             Gas engines and gas turbines. This growth is -- still continues to be massive and rolls on without
             pause. As mentioned in the investor presentation, we're getting large volume orders and forecast
             for the next year continue to show strong upward growth.


             Hydro, we have a busy year ahead of us. This year will be one of the highest for TDPS in hydro.
             TDPS is very active in the refurbishment business in India and abroad. This segment will result
             in some high-value orders for TDPS in this quarter.


             Motors, remains a key area of our business and teams are working on increasing the footprint.
             In railways, we are not taking any fresh orders in this segment and we will review the
             sustainability of this segment at the end of this year. Once the Indian railway contract is
             completed, the production spacing capacity that we have will be used for generator and motor
             products.


             Guidance, we revised our guidance for FY '27 at INR2,600 crores with a small chance that we
             may even cross this number. This brings me to the end of my initial remarks. I'll now be happy
             to address any queries that you may have. Thank you.


Moderator:   Thank you. The first question comes from the line of Mohit Surana with Monarch Networth
             Capital. Please go ahead.


                                     Page 3 of 17

===== PEER-TDPOWERSYS_Aug_2026 PAGE 5 =====
                                                                                    TD Power Systems Limited
                                                                                             August 12, 2026

Mohit Surana:   Sir, first of all, congratulations on the great set of numbers. You continue to out beat the Street
                expectations. Sir, my first question is with respect to the peak revenue potential without incurring
                any new growth capex. Last time you mentioned we can reach somewhere around INR3,000
                crores of top line. At this point, do you think we can exceed that using our current base? That's
                my first question.


Nikhil Kumar:   I would rather look at it how we are gearing up to meet the demands of the market I mean,
                matching our capacities on a year-on-year basis, which we expected demand from the market.
                So, as I mentioned in my earnings call speech a few minutes ago, we expect we are building our
                capacity with some debottlenecking for INR32 billion next year. That's the capacity we would
                like to have plus/minus.


                And then we certainly need to make another round of capacity additions for FY '29 and '30 and
                then we'll be looking at how do we create the capacity beyond INR40 billion. But for that,we
                would provide more details in the next earnings call.


                But this is the direction in which we are going in right now and we need to be careful about
                which products, which capacities, what kind of capacity, how to make them fungible across
                different businesses that we have and so, there's the details, a lot of analysis going on right now.
                We need another 3 months' time to finalize our plans. But as I said, this is the direction in which
                we are going and we are aligning our capacities with the market demand.


Mohit Surana:   Understood, sir. Sir, just one more question as a follow-up. So, the larger capacity generator
                manufacturing, can you give us some understanding of the TAM of this market, say, beyond 100
                megawatts compared to what we are currently, below 100 megawatt? So just in case, I mean,
                how big is that compared to the current segment that we are in currently?


Nikhil Kumar:   No, it's a very large segment. I mean, I don't have the exact market size information now with
                me, but it's a very large segment. It's dominated by very large players. And I can't give you any
                further information right now.


                As I said in the earnings call speech, we will be announcing something in the month of August.
                And once we make the announcement, obviously, at that time, I will have to answer all these
                questions. And then once the details of these things are out in the market, we will definitely
                provide more information.


Moderator:      Next question comes from the line of Nishita with Sapphire Capital.


Nishita:        Yes. So, my question is on the order book. So, we've had a very good order book growth Y-o-Y
                in Q1. So just wanted to understand what will our closing order book look like? What sort of
                growth can we expect in the order book for the full year?


Nikhil Kumar:   Yes, we are expecting around INR700 crores per quarter. So, we will be somewhere in between.


Nishita:        Okay. Per quarter order inflow.


                                           Page 4 of 17

===== PEER-TDPOWERSYS_Aug_2026 PAGE 6 =====
                                                                                   TD Power Systems Limited
                                                                                            August 12, 2026

Nikhil Kumar:   Yes, something like INR2,800 crores plus we'll have for the whole year, order inflow.


Nishita:        Okay. Understood and my next question is on that earlier you mentioned that by doing the
                debottlenecking of around like which will require capex of around INR100 crores, we can reach
                the revenue potential of INR32 billion in FY '28?


Nikhil Kumar:   Yes.


Nishita:        So, when we expect to incur this capex? Like have you already started the capex?


Nikhil Kumar:   Yes. That's an ongoing process.


Nishita:        Okay. So, what sort of total capex do we anticipate in FY '27?


Nikhil Kumar:   INR50 crores.


Nishita:        INR50 crores. Okay. And with this debottlenecking, like, do we expect in FY '28 we'll have
                around INR32 billion of revenue? Or can we see some upside potential to that also?


Nikhil Kumar:   Yes. I mean, it's not a hard and fast number. If there is an upside potential, we will have to find
                ways to make it happen and we'll make it happen. So, it's not written in stone that it is 3200 and
                it ends over there. If it goes to 33, then we do 33. It goes to 34, we do 34, but it's around that
                number.


Nishita:        Okay. Okay. Understood and my last question would be on you mentioned that in FY '29, we'll
                do fresh capacity expansion, which will take our capacities to around INR40 billion. So, do we
                expect like, when can we reach that INR40 billion number?


Nikhil Kumar:   Look, Nishita.


Nishita:        Are we going to start that.


Nikhil Kumar:   I've tried to make this as simple and clear as possible. So, I've said that we are going to invest
                INR50 crores to have a capacity of around INR32 billion for FY '28 and I've said that in 3
                months' time when we have the next earnings call, we will give an indication what kind of
                investments we need to gear up to meet the demand for FY '29 and FY '30, which we would be
                looking at taking the number to around INR40 billion-plus. Now which specific year is going to
                happen, and I can't say that right now. But that's the direction in which we are going in.


                We can't write anything. It's a dynamic situation. We're looking at things which are going to
                happen 2, 3 years from now, right? So, we have to have flexibility in the plan. and so, we have
                to be open to see how the market develops, which kind of products are going to be dominating
                the demand situation, align ourselves to that and be flexible. Nothing can be written in stone
                about what's going to happen in '29 and '30 in FY '26. That's not how it works.


Moderator:      Next question comes from the line of Soumil Jain with Lucky.


                                         Page 5 of 17

===== PEER-TDPOWERSYS_Aug_2026 PAGE 7 =====
                                                                                     TD Power Systems Limited
                                                                                              August 12, 2026

Soumil Jain:    Sir, I wanted to understand, you spoke about pricing increase last quarter. Have those been put
                in place this quarter already?


Nikhil Kumar:   We have contracts with our customers where we have price variation clauses and wherever we
                have price variation clauses, those have been implemented, yes.


Soumil Jain:    Okay. Okay. So last quarter's gross margin, I mean, we see improvement from the last quarter's
                gross margin that is reflective of the pricing uptick or the price clauses that you're talking about,
                right?


Nikhil Kumar:   Look, I can't tell you we have guided in the last call that we will maintain our approximately
                plus/minus 1% here and there, we maintain the gross contribution margin for the company. So,
                part of it will come from price increases, part of it will come from cost reductions, part of it will
                come from product mix. Part of it will come from exchange rate gains. So, I can't give you the
                exact breakup of how much is the contributing factor from each of these things. But overall, the
                company will be able to maintain plus/minus within a certain tolerable range, the gross
                contribution margin which we have guided in the market.


Soumil Jain:    Understood. Okay. On the revenue guidance for the full year, does that include any revenue from
                large turbine generators?


Nikhil Kumar:   No. Just for your information, it takes within 18 to 20 months to make a large generator like that,
                okay? So, there's no way it's going to happen in 6 months from now.


Moderator:      Next question comes from the line of Gazal Gupta with ASK Wealth Advisors.


Gazal Gupta:    Firstly, congratulations on good set of numbers. I just have one question on the margin front.
                So, we have always guided for 18% to 19% EBITDA margin and in such a global situation as
                well, firstly, I wanted to understand how we are able to manage and maintain our margins.


                As I understand that there would be some impact, which would be coming from the increase in
                logistic cost etc, which is probably getting offset by higher-margin export orders. So, what would
                be the quantum of these 2? Just wanted to understand that if the situation improves, can we
                expect any inch-up on the margin front? So that is my question.


Nikhil Kumar:   I cannot commit to that any [inaudible 0:17:30] How we hit, I have already kind of answered in
                the last question. There are a number of factors that drive margins. One is pricing, one is cost
                reductions, one is exchange rates, raw material prices, and then there's also EBITDA margins,
                also dependent on the factory loading capacity utilization. So, there are a number of factors that
                drive this and as a management, we need to have certain levers that we can work on to achieve
                the numbers that we commit to the market. Now how much of it is going to contribute to each
                of these things, sorry, I'm not in a good position to answer that.


Moderator:      Next question comes from the line of Alisha Mahawla with TRUST Mutual Fund.




                                         Page 6 of 17

===== PEER-TDPOWERSYS_Aug_2026 PAGE 8 =====
                                                                                        TD Power Systems Limited
                                                                                                 August 12, 2026

Alisha Mahawla:   Congratulations on great set of numbers. Just wanted to refer to something you mentioned in the
                  opening commentary that while demand is exceedingly buoyant, on ground, there is a shortage
                  of our equipment and there are some delays. Also considering the current geopolitical issues,
                  there is a little bit of supply chain disruption.


                  So, are we seeing the impact of that in any segment, any market and any steps you are taking to
                  ensure that it doesn't delay us? While you're sounding very confident to achieve the guidance, it
                  would be helpful to get some qualitative colour also.


Nikhil Kumar:     Yes. We don't see any disruption in our order inflow. From the market side also, we see no let
                  up in the demand situation. It's the forecast that we have from our customers is still
                  extraordinarily strong, continues to be so.


                  We are always in very, very close contact with all our customers since there's huge amounts of
                  co-dependency that we have with each other. So, it's very important that we stay very deeply
                  connected with them.


                  And deliveries and capacities is always the number 1 and number 2 topics on the agenda when
                  we meet these customers. At the moment, whatever guidance’s that I have provided to the market
                  are guidance’s that we will be able to achieve.


                  And upside potential or whatever will be announced as and when we see that actually
                  materializing. So, I have not yet given the guidance for next year, for FY '28. I only said we're
                  building up a capacity for that.


                  And I have not yet given the guidance for FY '29 and '30. I've only said we're building up the
                  capacity in that direction. But I think when we take certain decisions to add capacity and when
                  we gear ourselves up to a certain capacity number, it provides an indication of which direction
                  we are going in. I think more than that, I can't really say.


Alisha Mahawla:   But really segment or order is probably facing any kind of slowdown because of this shortage
                  or because of shipping-related delays, because there are projects.


Nikhil Kumar:     No, I don't know how shipping delays will cause disruptions in the demand situation. So…


Alisha Mahawla:   No. No. The question is that while the demand is there, and I think we've spoken excessively
                  about it, there is delayed execution on-ground projects are getting delayed, and what I'm trying
                  to understand is, are we seeing a slowdown from execution perspective in any of our segments,
                  in any of our markets?


Nikhil Kumar:     All our products are just going straight from factory gate, straight on to ships and going to the
                  U.S. Now they may not be commissioned immediately. It could be execution delays, but all
                  customers are taking the product as ordered.


                  It is not that all the generators or all the turbines or all the engines are going into only one single
                  customer, one single project who is not able to digest and then he then starts holding back

                                            Page 7 of 17

===== PEER-TDPOWERSYS_Aug_2026 PAGE 9 =====
                                                                                             TD Power Systems Limited
                                                                                                      August 12, 2026

                        shipments because these are going to multiple sites, multiple data centres, multiple customers
                        and everyone is taking delivery. So, I don't see a problem with this at the moment. Let's move
                        on to the next question.


Moderator:              Ms. Mahawla, are you done with your question?


Alisha Mahawla:         Yes.


Moderator:              Next question comes from the line of Kunal with 360 ONE Capital.


Kunal:                  Sir, my first question is, would you be able to share out of the current order book, how much
                        actually is contributed by data centres for both gas engines and gas turbines?


Nikhil Kumar:           No, we don't give that split-up of applications with our order inflows.


Kunal:                  Okay. Sure, and sir, my second question is around as data centre campuses move to higher 50,
                        100-megawatt kind of a configuration, are you seeing customers increasingly talking about
                        combined cycles and if yes, does that meaningfully increase the TAM for TD Power?


Nikhil Kumar:           There are noises about combined cycles for sure. and I think there will come a point of time
                        when all the open cycle gas turbines will start moving towards combined cycle. But as Alisha
                        pointed out a little bit earlier, there are execution delays on the data centre side.


                        So, by the time that these projects are actually go on stream and projects running with open cycle
                        and then they start planning combined cycle, then it gets installed, it could be years from now.
                        It will happen, but my opinion it's not going to happen immediately. It's going to take some time,
                        but it's going to happen.


Kunal:                  And if and when that happens, is the understanding correct that that will improve the opportunity
                        size for TD Power?


Nikhil Kumar:           Yes, naturally. I mean, we work with all the major steam turbine companies in the world. So,
                        we are well connected with them, and we will get a certain proportion of that business for sure.


Moderator:              Next question comes from the line of Mythili Balakrishnan with Alchemy Capital Management
                        Private Limited.


Mythili Balakrishnan    I just wanted to get a sense of the market share which we now command in the export market.
                        How many have we increased our wallet share with our OEM customers and also, any client
                        additions or anything else that you want to point out in that direction?


Nikhil Kumar:           Yes, Mythili, we don't have that number where we can pinpoint that this is our market share. We
                        don't have that number.


Mythili Balakrishnan:   And in terms of client addition?




                                                    Page 8 of 17

===== PEER-TDPOWERSYS_Aug_2026 PAGE 10 =====
                                                                                            TD Power Systems Limited
                                                                                                     August 12, 2026

Nikhil Kumar:           We don't have any major client additions at the moment. We have a couple of smaller client
                        additions which in the pipeline, which we are hopeful to close in this quarter and of course, all
                        the major clients, major engine makers, major turbine makers, we're already working with them
                        very closely.


                        So, we don't see a big opportunity to increase client addition, which can dramatically change the
                        business outlook. It's more about cutting deeper with them and more about the market itself
                        having and growing. So that's where our biggest opportunity is going to be.


Mythili Balakrishnan:   Got it and in terms of the Turkey subsidiary, could you just indicate what is that thought process
                        on it currently and what are we sort of going to do about it?


Nikhil Kumar:           We have about EUR3 million, EUR3.5 million worth of orders for execution this year, and we
                        will execute that EUR3.5 million this year. We don't see a big pipeline for business for next year
                        right now, but the Turkey facility still continues to be like an insurance facility in case we have
                        to do major client for service. And for insurance, you have to pay a certain amount to keep it
                        alive, and it will probably be used still playing that role even next year.


Moderator:              Next question comes from the line of Salil Desai with Marcellus Investment Managers.


Salil Desai:            I think 6 months back on one of the calls, you mentioned that you guys are looking at the
                        refurbishment opportunity in India. So, if there's been any progress on that, if you could update
                        on that, please?


Nikhil Kumar:           Yes. We have won a few hydro refurbishment orders. It's already in the order book for in the
                        last quarter, Q1, and there are a few more jobs in the pipeline for Q2 and Q3, and we are very
                        active in the hydro refurbishment market in India.


Salil Desai:            Great and any plans of when will you be in a position to take it global?


Nikhil Kumar:           At the moment, we're not looking at taking it global.


Salil Desai:            Understood. Second question is going back on some questions on demand. Now in your
                        experience, if you could just kind of give some picture on how elastic is demand to prices or
                        costs given that commodity prices are increasing, metal prices are up, freight costs are up, plus
                        there is a shortage of all equipment in the power value chain and prices are going up there too
                        of the base product? So, when you talk to your customers, do you sense that there could be a
                        point where they might kind of start rethinking the scale of projects or the timing of projects or
                        something like that?


Nikhil Kumar:           The power plant forms a very, very small percentage of the overall project cost. If you look at
                        data centres and things like that, it is less than 5%. So, it's the demand elasticity is very high.
                        They need electricity and there's no choice. They they need to have behind-the-meter power
                        generation equipment and they have to pay for it if the commodity prices go up. That market
                        there's no choice.


                                                 Page 9 of 17

===== PEER-TDPOWERSYS_Aug_2026 PAGE 11 =====
                                                                                      TD Power Systems Limited
                                                                                               August 12, 2026

                They need electricity to run the data centres. It's not just data centres; it's also grid stabilization.
                You need to have equipment for grid stabilization. There is a push towards renewables. There is
                a certain mix that all utilities have to have in terms of renewables. So, these are all factors that
                are driving compulsive buying power. You have to do it.


Moderator:      Next question comes from the line of Amit Anwani with PL Capital.


Amit Anwani:    Congrats for the very strong set of numbers. My first question, again, on this service business.
                Since the installations are growing so rapidly for you, what's the service revenue contribution
                and can it scale up in next 2, 3 years?


                And if so, probably that can aid your EBITDA margin higher. So why are we still guiding that
                18%, 19% if the installations have gone up and probably, we have a better service revenue also
                apart from the product demand?


Nikhil Kumar:   Electric generators don't require service for the first 10 years or should not require service, let
                me put it this way, for the first 10 years of the operation, if they are well good manufactured,
                high-quality machines and they are reasonably well maintained, there is almost 0 service
                potential in the first 10 years. So that's the reason why we haven't.


Amit Anwani:    Understood. But what's the proportion now?


Nikhil Kumar:   So earlier, the proportion used to be 5%, 6%. And now since the sales, it still remains around
                5%, 6% of our overall sales. So, the sales are also growing at 30%, 40% per year. So, our service
                business is also still growing at that rate, keeping the percentage remains the same of our overall
                business.


Amit Anwani:    Right. Second question on Turkey. So last financial year, because of the tariff uncertainties, we
                decided because of the advantages we are getting utilized Turkish factory for the exports. So
                now again, we are hearing that probably there could be more tariff, 100% tariff on oil imported
                nations. So, what are your thoughts? How are we now thinking and utilizing the Turkish factory
                amid?


Nikhil Kumar:   I don't know, I have not heard about that 100% tariff comment.


Amit Anwani:    It's in the media. So, in general, what is your sense now on the factory?


Nikhil Kumar:   I don't have an answer for that right now since I'm not aware of this 100% duty. None of our
                customers have talked to me about it so far as recently as 2 days ago. So, I don't think anyone's
                taking that trend very seriously at the moment.


Amit Anwani:    Understood. But from Turkey, like, you have started selling again? We were cutting down the
                operations there. So, like, how are we utilizing that factory now?


Nikhil Kumar:   I just said 5 minutes ago, it's about EUR3 million to EUR3.5 million of sales for this year. We
                we don't have an outlook for next year. That facility will still be used as a service backup and it


                                         Page 10 of 17

===== PEER-TDPOWERSYS_Aug_2026 PAGE 12 =====
                                                                                      TD Power Systems Limited
                                                                                               August 12, 2026

                will have a certain cost to keep it alive. It's not a big cost, but it will be there as an insurance for
                our service for the European market, but we have a big population of machines and that's the
                strategy at the moment.


Amit Anwani:    Right. Lastly, on your capex, you did highlight that INR50 crores investment probably will get
                you to close to INR3,200 crores by FY'28 Just wanted to understand and probably you are adding
                capacity beyond that, will it be also driven by the demand, by more customer additions or any
                other verticals? Or this is the pure-play demand which is coming and that's where you will be
                expanding because of the demand or there's other thought process also for the capacity expansion
                over 3, 4 years?


Nikhil Kumar:   Partly new customers, partly new products, and partly existing products and existing customers.
                So, I can't give you the mix, but it is going to be driven by both.


Moderator:      Next question comes from the line of Aman Agrawal with Nuvama AMC.


Aman Agrawal:   Many congratulations to Nikhil sir and team for the strong set. Sir, this is just a small
                understanding on larger generators. You're saying it takes 18 to 20 months to make a large
                generator. So just want to understand, add to this the time to get the plant up and ready, when
                should the revenue be impacted because of the larger generators? When should we start thinking
                about additions from that?


Nikhil Kumar:   I have no comments. I can't answer any of these questions. I can't unless I announce the exact
                deal to the market, like what exactly we're going to be doing, unless I come to that stage, I can't
                answer this question. I'm really sorry. You'll have to wait until we announce it sometime in
                August and yes, at that point in time, we will have to answer all these questions. These are
                pertinent questions, but these cannot be answered today.


Aman Agrawal:   No problem, sir. And sir, just second thing, on the capex side for the already existing capacity,
                if I remember right, you are planning to do INR50 crores capex both in FY27 as well as FY28.
                So just to understand, is there a debottlenecking scope beyond INR3,200 crores as well that you
                can do in FY28 sometime?


Nikhil Kumar:   This is a dynamic situation that keeps changing. Nothing is written in stone over here that we
                can't change. We have to adapt to the different kinds of demand for different kinds of products,
                and we have to adapt our capacities to be ready to manufacture what the market wants.


                So, if I had said earlier that we need INR50 crores plus INR50 crores, now I'm saying we need
                INR50 crores for FY28, and for '29 and '30, we're looking at a larger situation, what do we need
                for meeting the demand to push the capacity to do 40 and I'm saying the same thing again and
                again and again and we will get back to you about it in in 3 months' time.


Moderator:      Next question comes from the line of Ganeshram with Unifi Capital.




                                          Page 11 of 17

===== PEER-TDPOWERSYS_Aug_2026 PAGE 13 =====
                                                                                         TD Power Systems Limited
                                                                                                  August 12, 2026

Ganeshram:           Congratulations, Nikhil and team. Nikhil, mine is more strategic and high level. I've been
                     looking at the commentary of some of these global OEMs. And recently, I think there's a lot of
                     discussions around what's the ROI that these data centres are actually making on the capex?


                     And in the 4-to-5-year, sort of, backlog that they have, visibility they have, a large proportion of
                     it seems to be slot preservation agreements, which don't seem as secure as orders, although there
                     definitely is a tie-in. So, when we start thinking about FY29 and '30 from here, what's the
                     confidence that you're getting that this capex is going to continue to stay and there will be
                     sufficient demand to absorb the capacity?


Nikhil Kumar:        Our OEM customers have taken significant amounts of non-refundable advances from the
                     people who want to buy their equipment and that is the reason why we have confidence, and
                     they have confidence that the demand will be there in the years ahead.


Moderator:           Next question comes from the line of Suraj Malu with Catamaran.


Suraj Malu:          Sir, in the last quarter, you had mentioned that we have largely employed people we wanted to
                     and now we see 20% Q-o-Q employee expense increase. Can you help understand this?


M. N. Varalakshmi:   The number of employees have increased. You see that the business is also increasing. We have
                     almost 75% growth over the last quarter. So, I think there could be some more additions to the
                     employees list because we are scaling up from 1,750 to 2,600. So, it is but natural that the
                     expenses will go up.


Suraj Malu:          Got it and can we understand, like, how many employees have we added in this quarter?


M. N. Varalakshmi:   No, we don't share that kind of information, sir.


Suraj Malu:          All right. And this includes the wage hike as well for this year or that is yet to come?


M. N. Varalakshmi:   No, that is already built in.


Moderator:           Next question comes from the line of Vin C with PhillipCapital.


Vin C:               I had a question regarding the TAM, Nikhil. In your annual report, you have mentioned that $52
                     billion is the global generator market. So, what would be the relevant TAM for us, specifically
                     in the sub-200 megawatt and the 0-to-50-megawatt range? How big is that TAM for that
                     particular range?


Nikhil Kumar:        I don't have the latest number with me. But sometime back it was something like 5 billion to 10
                     billion, so...


Vin C:               Okay. In the 50-megawatt range?


Nikhil Kumar:        Yes.


Vin C:               Okay and the 50-to-100-megawatt range, how big is that market?

                                              Page 12 of 17

===== PEER-TDPOWERSYS_Aug_2026 PAGE 14 =====
                                                                                    TD Power Systems Limited
                                                                                             August 12, 2026

Nikhil Kumar:   I do not have the latest number with me and there's no place where you can get this kind of data
                that someone is tracking this, so.


Vin C:          Yes, exactly. That is the difficulty even we are having in terms of at this point.


Nikhil Kumar:   Yes. We don't have that number.


Moderator:      Next question comes from the line of Samvit Patel of DTI Partners.


Samvit Patel:   You mentioned our customer OEMs get advances from their customers. Just wondering for us,
                do we also get advances from our customers when we book orders? Or how does our working
                capital work for that?


Nikhil Kumar:   We get certain customers, we get advances.


Samvit Patel:   And if possible, can you quantify how much would that be in the overall value of generator?


Nikhil Kumar:   We can't do that. Sorry, we can't do that.


Moderator:      Next question comes from the line of Dipen Shah with Six Senses.


Dipen Shah:     And first of all, many, many congratulations for great execution. I just had one question on the
                domestic business, which mentioned that the domestic order book was only 5% to 6% of what
                we got during the quarter.


                Can you just give us some more insights, which are the sectors which are holding it back and
                whether data centre business in India does provide some scope for further ordering in the next
                few quarters? Something on that will be helpful for us.


Nikhil Kumar:   In India, the demand is fairly subdued. I mean, it's in the region of 10%, 12%, like what we have
                guided and I've been saying this not just now, but I've been saying this for the past 5, 6 quarters,
                and that is what it is and that's -- we don't expect anything more and it is correct what I'm saying.
                And it will continue to be this way, the demand is being supported by metals and across the
                board, but there's no explosive growth taking place in the economy. So, there's no explosive
                demand for power generation.


                India is putting up a lot of capacity right now in large coal-fired power plants, 600, 800-megawatt
                sets. So, there's a huge demand in those larger sizes. So, all the players in that segment are
                completely booked up for the next 3, 4 years, including people like BHEL, L&T, Mitsubishi.
                So, there is massive power generation capacity added in the larger sizes. But that's still not going
                to be enough for India. So, this power shortage is going to continue for at least for some more
                time.


                The second part of the question, AI, we don't see any meaningful AI when it comes to things
                like hyperscalers and everything being put up in India and we are still of the firm belief that




                                         Page 13 of 17

===== PEER-TDPOWERSYS_Aug_2026 PAGE 15 =====
                                                                                         TD Power Systems Limited
                                                                                                  August 12, 2026

                   unless there is an availability of gas and lots of water, it is difficult to have a hyperscaler kind of
                   facility in India.


                   They're talking about renewables and everything, but you need to have baseload power for data
                   centres and that has to come from gas. Diesel engines is not a solution for large-scale 500-
                   megawatt to 1-gigawatt hyperscalers. So, I don't think there will be a widespread demand for
                   this in India at the moment.


Moderator:         Next question comes from the line of Prathamesh Rane with PhillipCapital.


Prathamesh Rane:   Congratulations on a stellar quarter. Just one question from my side. Your gross margins were
                   stable Y-o-Y. So, because of the mix or you were able to pass on commodity price hikes?


Nikhil Kumar:      I answered this question a number of times and I'll answer it once again. When we give a
                   guidance on gross contribution, gross margins, we have certain levers that we have. Levers are
                   cost reduction, price increases, capacity utilization. Capital utilization, of course, will not come
                   in the case of gross contribution and exchange rate. So, these are the levers that we have, right?


                   And as a company, we have these levers and sometimes something goes up, sometimes
                   something goes down. But overall, we try to keep the balance and try to maintain the numbers
                   that we commit to the market. I have answered this question a number of times, and I'm saying
                   the same thing again and again and again.


Moderator:         Next question comes from the line of Vivek Gautam with GS Investment.


Vivek Gautam:      Congratulations once again on the great set of numbers being consistently given by the company
                   under your leadership. So, there was recently a sort of meltdown in Korean market of the AI,
                   and India sort of getting benefit, Anti-AI trade and IT services also getting benefit of it.


                   Is it sort of a temporary blip, adding to some issues at Oracle and OpenAI data centre plants in
                   U.S. also, or any impact on our services there and second question was about why -- when you
                   expect to do the QIP complete and deploy the funds?


Nikhil Kumar:      First question, I have absolutely no idea. My answer is I'm not in that market to give you an
                   educated answer around that question and the second part of the question also I'm not in a
                   position to be able to answer any questions about it right now.


Vivek Gautam:      Then opportunity size remains quite large and TAM remains quite okay for the next few years
                   at least, that is for sure?


Nikhil Kumar:      Yes, that's for sure.


Moderator:         Next question comes from the line of Juili Baviskar with Ashika Institutional Equities.


Juili Baviskar:    Yes. Congratulations on the great numbers. So, my question was around the number of
                   generators. So, on the 320 additional generator this quarter. So, should we see the growth going


                                             Page 14 of 17

===== PEER-TDPOWERSYS_Aug_2026 PAGE 16 =====
                                                                                          TD Power Systems Limited
                                                                                                   August 12, 2026

                     forward as continued unit count expansion? Or it is even bigger driver that value per megawatt
                     will increase? So, the question is it will be a volume story or realization per unit story from here?


M. N. Varalakshmi:   It will be both, units as well as realization.


Juili Baviskar:      Okay. So, can we see around 13,000 to 15,000 units as a total generator in FY30, '31?


M. N. Varalakshmi:   That FY30 is quite a distance that we can give answer to this. We'll take it year-on-year.


Juili Baviskar:      Okay. But the run rate can be similar to this quarter?


M. N. Varalakshmi:   Yes. Yes. With the growth in the revenue, definitely this also will grow. It will be a play of both.


Juili Baviskar:      And with larger generator size, the megawatt per generator also increase?


M. N. Varalakshmi:   Yes, obviously.


Moderator:           Next question comes from the line of Arpit Tapadia from IGE India.


Arpit Tapadia:       Congratulation on great set of numbers. My question is since we have announced about our
                     capacity increase up to, let's say, INR32 billion in 2028, so should that be treated as ceiling for
                     that year? Or have there any kind of bottleneck opportunity within that to, let's say, increase it
                     further?


Nikhil Kumar:        I already answered that question. Sorry, I don't want to answer it once again, but I've already
                     answered that question. We mentioned INR3,200 crores, it is an approximate number, plus
                     minus we can do and if the opportunity is there on the market side, we are not going to turn away
                     from it, we will do it.


Moderator:           Next question comes from the line of Abhishek Kamdar with Value Plus Advisors LLP.


Abhishek Kamdar:     Congratulations on a great set. My question is around working capital. Do we expect this to
                     remain in line with what we have currently and second is the other current liabilities have
                     increased significantly this quarter. Is this predominantly customer advances?


M. N. Varalakshmi:   Yes. Actually, working capital will continue to remain on the same line because we see a
                     significant growth from last year to this year and on the current liabilities, yes, there are customer
                     advances and also the provision for taxation because of the increased volume of business.


Moderator:           Next question comes from the line of Kushal Goenka with Mangal Keshav Financial Services.


Kushal Goenka:       So, my question is again on the trade receivables part. So, it's around close to INR785 crores.
                     Now I understand that we have been growing at a very high speed. However, we do have around
                     INR240 crores of money in the balance sheet.




                                               Page 15 of 17

===== PEER-TDPOWERSYS_Aug_2026 PAGE 17 =====
                                                                                          TD Power Systems Limited
                                                                                                   August 12, 2026

                     And in spite of that, we are doing a fundraise. So what efforts are we putting to better our
                     working capital and particularly the receivables days, so we can generate more internal accruals,
                     and would not need a lot of external funds to grow at a higher speed?


Nikhil Kumar:        We have payment terms fixed with our customers, and we're not going to be able to alter them
                     dramatically to be able to do what you're saying we should do. We need to make sure that our
                     business continuity with our customers is the number 1 priority.


                     Commercial terms and conditions can be changed a little bit here and there, but they cannot be
                     altered significantly because otherwise, we will lose business. So, we have to keep in perspective
                     that we have to keep the business, keep our customers, grow the business with them, working
                     capital needs may increase, funding requirements may increase.


                     And in which case, we will have to look at ways to fund the entire company and everything is a
                     balance of a little bit of this, a little bit of that. But in the end, we have to make sure the number
                     1 priority always is our customers have to be happy and have to continue to buy generators from
                     us. So theoretically, what you're saying is possible, but practically, it is not possible.


Kushal Goenka:       My second question is just a clarification on the fundraise. I hope we would also consider debt
                     as compared to equity because we are debt free and the cost of equity is always higher than the
                     cost of debt. So just wanted your thoughts on that.


Nikhil Kumar:        I'm not going to be able to talk about any fundraise issues. We have issued a notification to the
                     exchange that we'll be having a Board meeting on Friday and I cannot discuss anything before
                     the Board meeting takes place on Friday.


                     After Friday, after we finish the Board meeting, naturally, we'll have to disclose to the market
                     what we plan to do and then after that, once that is disclosed to the market, I'll be happy to
                     answer questions to whatever questions you may have about our plans.


Moderator:           Next question comes from the line of Mohit Surana with Monarch Networth Capital.


Mohit Surana:        Sir, just one question on the tariff refunds. Some of the Indian companies have started receiving
                     the refund of tariffs that they have paid to the U.S. So, are we seeing similar inflows?


Nikhil Kumar:        All our products are exports from India. So, we are not the importer on record and so we we
                     will not get any refunds.


Moderator:           Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. We have reached the end of question-
                     and-answer session. I now hand the conference over to the management for closing comments.


Nikhil Kumar:        Thank you, everybody, for joining us on this call today. I will be in an investor conference next
                     week, where I hope to see many of you and look forward to the future interaction together. Thank
                     you. Bye-bye.


M. N. Varalakshmi:   Thank you.


                                              Page 16 of 17

===== PEER-TDPOWERSYS_Aug_2026 PAGE 18 =====
                                                                          TD Power Systems Limited
                                                                                   August 12, 2026

Moderator:   Thank you. On behalf of TD Power Systems Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you
             for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines.




                                   Page 17 of 17
