
===== PEER-MIDHANI_Nov_2025 PAGE 1 =====
                                                              IHNI


      MDN/CS/COMPLIANCE/2025-26                                                                   November 19, 2025

      To,

       BSE Limited,                                           National Stock Exchange of India Limited,
       P.J. Towers Dalal Street,                              Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex,
       Mumbai- 400001                                         Bandra (East),
       Scrip Code: 541195                                     Mumbai— 400051
                                                              Trading Symbol: MIDHANI


      Sub:    Transcript of the Analysts and Investors Meet/Conference Call held on November 14,
              2025.



      Dear Sir/Madam,

      1.       Further to our letter dated November 14, 2025 intimating you about the audio recording
               of Analysts and Investors Meet! Conference Call on Q2 FY26 Results, held on November
                                                                                —



               14, 2025, please find below the transcript of the aforesaid Conference Call.

      2.       The transcript of the calr is also made available on the Company’s website.

               This is for your information and record.

               Thanking you,

                                                                                                     Yours faithfully,
                                                                                       M ish ra              Limited
                                                                       F
                                                                       ~ Hyderabad.5OO0~8   J
                                                                                            4’

                                                                      Co            retary & Compliance officer
                                                                           compa ny.secreta ry@ midha ni-india .in


               End: As above




                            ~I~T ~9                   1~I1~~S      MISHRA DHATU NIGAM LI ITED
                                       (~i~ ~ ~ ~m)                (A Govt. of India Enterprise)
~f~~l~xl ~N~II~l~: ~ C l~f cliii, ~icli~, ~r~i~Ii~ii -500058       Registered Office: P.O. Kanchanbagh, Hyderabad, Telangana-500058
                                      ~i~ti Telephone: 040-24184000, 4~ Fax: 040-24340039
                                            I1~iI~1d ~T~1TI ~i. CIN: L14292TG1973GO1001660
                                                      l~ii~c~ Website: www.midhani-india.in

===== PEER-MIDHANI_Nov_2025 PAGE 2 =====
             “Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited
         Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call”
                  November 14, 2025




MANAGEMENT: DR. S.V.S. NARAYANA MURTY – CHAIRMAN AND
            MANAGING DIRECTOR – MISHRA DHATU NIGAM
            LIMITED
            MRS. MADHUBALA KALLURI – DIRECTOR FINANCE –
            MISHRA DHATU NIGAM LIMITED
            MR. PADAVITTAN BABU – DIRECTOR, PRODUCTION
            AND MARKETING – MISHRA DHATU NIGAM LIMITED
            MR. A. P. RAO – AGM FINANCE – MISHRA DHATU
            NIGAM LIMITED
            MR. PAUL ANTONY – COMPANY SECRETARY AND
            COMPLIANCE OFFICER – MISHRA DHATU NIGAM
            LIMITED

MODERATOR:   MR. VIKASH SINGH – ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED




                         Page 1 of 18

===== PEER-MIDHANI_Nov_2025 PAGE 3 =====
                                                                                         Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited
                                                                                                 November 14, 2025




Moderator:               Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Midhani Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call,
                         hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only
                         mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes.
                         Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star
                         then zero on your touch-tone telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.


                         I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vikash Singh. Thank you, and over to you, sir.


Vikash Singh:            Thank you, Shavane. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of ICICI Securities, I welcome you
                         all on Q2 FY '26 Midhani results con-call. I would like to thank the management for giving us
                         the opportunity to host the call. From the management side, we have with us Dr. S.V.S. Narayana
                         Murty, Chairman and Managing Director; Mrs. Madhubala Kalluri, Director Finance; and Mr.
                         Padavittan Babu, Director, Production and Marketing.


                         Without taking any much time, I'll hand over to Chairman sir for his opening remarks. Over to
                         you, sir.


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Thank you. Good morning to all of you. Hearty welcome for Midhani Q2 FY 2026 Earnings
                         Conference Call. This is Narayana Murty, CMD of Midhani and with me present today are Smt.
                         K. Madhubala, Director of Finance; and Shri. P. Babu, Director of Production and Marketing.
                         I'm also joined by Mr. A. P. Rao, AGM Finance; and our Company Secretary, Mr. Paul.


                         The detailed financial results for the quarter and half year ended has been disclosed to stock
                         exchanges. However, I'd like to take a few minutes to highlight some of the key figures from the
                         results. Midhani has achieved a turnover of INR209.73 crores during the second quarter of FY
                         '25-'26, against a turnover of INR262.12 crores recorded in the corresponding period of the
                         previous year.


                         For the first half of FY '25-'26, the turnover is INR380.22 crores against turnover of INR425.57
                         crores in the corresponding period of the previous year. Value of production during the second
                         quarter of FY '25-'26 stood at INR256.38 crores, and VoP for first half of FY '25-'26 was
                         INR497.67 crores, registering a growth of 3.9% against the value of production of INR479.01
                         crores recorded in the corresponding period of previous year.


                         In terms of profitability, profit before tax during the second quarter of FY '25-'26 was INR19.13
                         crores and the profit before tax during the first half of FY '25-'26 was INR38.12 crores. Profit
                         after tax during second quarter of FY '25-'26 was INR12.77 crores and the profit after tax during
                         the first half of '25-'26 was INR25.58 crores.


                         There has been a decrease in the top line performance on the year-on-year basis. However, there
                         is year-on-year increase in the production, and there is no decrease in bottom line performance
                         with respect to EBITDA and PAT margins. The EBITDA and PAT margins for the first half
                         stood at 21.82% and 6.73%, respectively. Additionally, the order book position remains robust
                         at INR1,869 crores as on 1st October 2025. This gives a very good visibility for FY '25-'26 and
                         beyond.


                                                 Page 2 of 18

===== PEER-MIDHANI_Nov_2025 PAGE 4 =====
                                                                                          Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited
                                                                                                  November 14, 2025

                         One of the important developments that I wish to bring to all of you is that Midhani has entered
                         into Memorandum of Understanding on November 10, 2025 for creating a metal bank at Midhani
                         to ensure uninterrupted production and supplies of projects of national importance. You all know
                         that we import a number of raw materials.


                         And there have been instances where there were supply chain interruptions due to which we
                         could not book some of the exports, because of the non-availability of some of these raw
                         materials. And this MOU was outcome of Ministry of Defense vision. And considering
                         Midhani's strategic importance across all strategic sectors, this initiative was taken.


                         And another important thing is we have signed a MoU for a bulletproof jacket, its name is
                         ABHED. And it is a technology developed by DRDO and Indian Institute of Technology Delhi
                         and this will significantly increase the forthcoming orders for bulletproof jackets.


                         So with this brief introduction, I now request the stakeholders for their questions. Thank you so
                         much.


Vikash Singh:            Operator, please announce our Q&A session.


Moderator:               The first question is from the line of Henil from Equicorp.


Henil:                   Sir, I've got a few questions. So with respect to the decrease in revenue, sir, could you give some
                         further explanation because we've also seen an increase in our inventories? So is it some orders
                         that have actually slowed or we've actually delayed or deferred the shipment, which is why the
                         inventories have also built up and the revenues have also gone down.


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Okay. Just to give a small brief, the Midhani has order books predominantly 3 varieties of
                         materials. One is steel, second is super alloys and third is titanium alloys. And the processing
                         time from the starting of the melting to booking sales, it depends on the nature of material and
                         orders we are executing in a particular quarter.


                         Typically, steel takes about 2 months for processing from melting to the book phase. And super
                         alloys and titanium alloys, particularly super alloys, will take longer time for processing, nearly
                         4 months, it takes. So sometimes what happens is even if you start producing in 1 quarter, we'll
                         not be able to book sales in that quarter. So it will get booked in the next quarter.


                         That is the reason why you have the -- even though value of production has gone up, we were
                         not able to liquidate in the previous quarter, which we'll be doing in the current quarter. So that
                         is the basic thing. And there are many super alloy grades which we have melted in the previous
                         quarter, which are under processing, downstream processing, like rolling, forging and other
                         things. So that is the reason why you are finding that decrease in the sales.


Henil:                   Okay. So sir, also if you could, given the status of the advanced ultra-supercritical thermal power
                         project, so there was -- the budget have actually released some funds, but I think so it's still
                         moving very slowly. So for the demonstration plant at NTPC are going to do it in Bilaspur and
                         then about 50 gigawatts was guided. So how is the progress out there, because I think so even
                         orders for ourselves slowed down?


                                                  Page 3 of 18

===== PEER-MIDHANI_Nov_2025 PAGE 5 =====
                                                                                          Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited
                                                                                                  November 14, 2025

S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Yes. See, Midhani is very proud that we are the people who have developed one of the grades
                         of nickel-based supper alloy, it is called 740 grade super alloy. And it is a nickel-based super
                         alloy in collaboration with Indira Gandhi Center for Atomic Research and Nuclear Fuel
                         Corporation, Hyderabad. Midhani has successfully melted the material. It has been processed
                         into the tubes. And in order for these tubes have been already -- it has been tendered by BHEL.


                         And we are hopeful that we will be a part of the tube manufacture -- I mean the raw material
                         supply to the tube manufacturers. Because one of the conditions that was put is, only tube
                         manufacturers can participate in the tender in the BHEL tender. And whoever is the tube
                         supplier, Midhani will produce this material and supply because this is a special grade that is
                         required for the processing of steel and only Midhani can make this currently in India.


Henil:                   So sir, if you actually look in the nutshell, so our non-defense order book is actually getting a
                         lot of traction in this space, nuclear energy and the thermal energy side. So how should we look
                         at the ratio? Because it used to be 80-20, 80% defense and 20% non-defense. So how should we
                         see as these projects start actually picking up and if you could also give the potential of the -- I
                         mean, on the thermal energy side, nuclear energy and the space projects for Midhani?


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Yes. So actually, if you look at our order book, 70% of the orders are from defense and our total
                         order book as on today is INR2,220 crores, out of which about 70% of the orders are from
                         defense, 20% are from space and about 10% that includes energy and other current standing. So
                         we expect the contribution from energy and others also to increase.


Henil:                   So if you look 2, 3 years under and how would this mix change for us? Would it be more of 60-
                         40 ratio or probably a little more?


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Yes. We expect at least maybe 10% to 15% maybe exports in the coming 2 to 3 years. That is
                         what we are expecting. And there will be increase both from space as well as other. Energy, we
                         are expecting because once this order fructifies, the ultra-supercritical order, that will have
                         significant increase in the energy side. So we are expecting that defense to little come down and
                         that space being occupied by energy, exports and space.


Henil:                   Sir, lastly, before I get in the queue, sir, if you could also give some more understanding and
                         clarity on the ABHED part, because you already have a power jacket and it didn't really pick up
                         because I mean of the weight. So ABHED -- in the last call, you said it is for very strategic use
                         also. So what is the kind of potential you are seeing? And is it like a technical textile base, where
                         you'll actually compete with the technical textile players on this particular piece?


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   To be frank with you, ABHED is the real technology, okay? Actually, if you look at, Midhani
                         has entered into the armor business more than 20 years back. Slowly, the nature of armor has
                         come down from using some steel plates to ceramic plates and there are called -- what are called
                         soft armor and hard armor. That combination gives the best protection levels for the bulletproof
                         jackets.


                         So this particular technology, we -- as we mentioned, we already had Bhabha Kavach
                         technology. But the level of production, the weight of the body armor is significantly lower
                         compared to the other things. This is the lightest bulletproof jacket that currently is in existence.

                                                  Page 4 of 18

===== PEER-MIDHANI_Nov_2025 PAGE 6 =====
                                                                                         Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited
                                                                                                 November 14, 2025

                         So we have taken this -- last Monday, we have taken the ToT from IIT Delhi. And this will be
                         the future technology for all the bulletproof jackets. It is having one of the lightest bulletproof
                         jackets and with highest protection level, okay?


                         So we hope that we will be in the thing. And other people who are textile manufacturers and all,
                         I mean, this is a different kind of thing altogether. ABHED is going to be a game changer in the
                         bulletproof jacket business. And hopefully, we are hoping that we'll get a significant number of
                         orders for this particular ABHED jacket.


Moderator:               The next question is from the line of Nishita from Sapphire Capital.


Nishita:                 Can you give a revenue mix between the 3 varieties that you just mentioned, that is steel,
                         superalloys and titanium alloys? What is the revenue mix between these verticals?


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Okay. So if you look overall, I can give you the figures. Super alloys, for example, we have --
                         so we have total percentage of super alloys is 21%, titanium alloys is about 19%, maraging steel
                         is about 15% and specialty steel is about 37%. And all other grades, minus all the above 4, it
                         comes to about 80%. So this is a revenue hit of 8%. So this will be in terms of revenue and our
                         product mix. Yes, alloy-wise revenue.


Nishita:                 Okay. Okay. Understood. Also, my next question was you earlier guided to reach INR1,300
                         crores in top line for FY '26 and we've had a deep growth in H1 FY '26. So are you still confident
                         that we'll be able to achieve the INR1,300 crores of top line and EBITDA margin guidance of
                         23% to 25%?


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Yes. Our target is to reach INR1,300 crores and many of the things as I told you, they are under
                         WIP, and we will be processing in Q3 and Q4, we will be working harder to reach the target.
                         Target has already been fixed at the starting of the year and we are moving towards that. Both
                         for EBITDA as well as the top line will be maintained as per whatever we have told earlier.


Nishita:                 Understood, sir. What will be the growth drivers for H2 FY '26, because to reach INR1,300
                         crores of top line we need to have a minimum of 40% of growth year-on-year in H2? So what
                         are going to be the growth drivers?


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Yes. The growth drivers will be the super alloy business and titanium alloy business. These are
                         -- proportionately, we have higher revenue from these two things. And instantly, I wish to inform
                         you that we have INR600 crores worth of titanium order book currently. So we'll be executing
                         them and to reach that INR1,300 crores business. And we have about INR450 crores of super
                         alloys orders currently. So that itself is exceeding INR1,000 crores of order book. So by
                         executing these things, we are confident that we can meet the targets.


Nishita Shanklesha:      And it takes about 4 months to execute this -- these orders, right?


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Yes.


Nishita Shanklesha:      Okay. Understood. And do we have any order pipeline like are you bidding for any further
                         orders? What is the order pipeline?


                                                  Page 5 of 18

===== PEER-MIDHANI_Nov_2025 PAGE 7 =====
                                                                                         Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited
                                                                                                 November 14, 2025

S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Yes. So current order book is about INR2,200 crores, I told you already. About INR500 crores
                         worth of orders are in pipeline, where we have already participated in tenders. And by March
                         2026, we'll be able to realize this INR500 crores orders.


Nishita Shanklesha:      Okay, sir. Thank you so much.


Moderator:               Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Kumar Jain from Alfa Accurate.
                         Please go ahead.


Abhishek Jain:           Thanks for opportunity. Sir, apart from the 21% growth in the top line, you had also guided
                         significant expansion on the margin side also 300 to 400 bps in FY26. So are you still intact with
                         that guidance?


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Sorry, we didn't get you like your -- are you asking that our margins on EBITDA and all that at
                         what level. So it will definitely be at the previous year's. Previous year, like it will be, we are
                         expecting around 23% EBITDA margins overall during the year.


Abhishek Jain:           So in the first quarter, you had mentioned that you are looking for that 200, 300 bps of the margin
                         expansion in FY26. But if you see the second quarter numbers, there is significant dip on the
                         gross margin and EBITDA margin. So I just wanted to understand, are you still intact with that
                         target?


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Yes. Actually, as we mentioned the reasons for the decrease in the revenues, even though we
                         have done the production, but certain productions, which are at the final stages, where the
                         revenues can be seen in Q3, number one. So since because the revenues have been decreased
                         though the percentages looks like, but if we look at the EBITDA margins in terms of revenues,
                         the EBITDA, PBT and the PAT levels.


                         All the three at par with even the previous year. And as we mentioned that the overall expectation
                         of 23%, which we are expecting the EBITDA margin. And since our targets, we are again still
                         targeting for INR1,300 crores and we are putting efforts to reach that end. Definitely, once
                         INR1,300 crores as come, 23% EBITDA is not an issue and it will definitely come. It will -- we
                         are confident of that.


Abhishek Jain:           And how is the current composition of the raw material sourcing virgin matters versus scrap?


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   With respect to metal bank, yes, we are using something like more than 20 types of raw materials
                         that go into the production of the nickel-based super alloys and other special steels. We import
                         them because such kind of high purity raw materials are not available in the country. And so we
                         had a discussion, Ministry of Defense has initiated a program by which we should have self-
                         sufficiency in the raw materials.


                         So we have identified some 6 critical raw materials that are supposed to be stored in large
                         quantities, which are essential. So we are going to create a metal bank with the 6 raw materials,
                         which support already we have signed MOU. So maybe coming 6 months to 8 months, we will
                         be able to have this metal bank in the campus of Midhani at Hyderabad and that will ensure
                         uninterrupted supply.


                                                  Page 6 of 18

===== PEER-MIDHANI_Nov_2025 PAGE 8 =====
                                                                                          Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited
                                                                                                  November 14, 2025

                         Because some of the times, even lack of one element in an alloy is going to create a problem.
                         We cannot take the melt because -- or we cannot process the material. See even if one element
                         is not there. So with respect to that, this initiative has been taken. And this is a very important
                         initiative to have Atmanirbharta of Government of India. So this is the initiative that we have
                         taken. And last Monday, we had an exchange of MOUs in presence of honorable Raksha Mantri.


Abhishek Jain:           And sir if we see the historical trend your inventory is increase is higher than the net sales
                         number. So I just wanted to understand that how much you are ready for the recycling and using
                         the alloy scrap and increase the usage of the scraps in your overall production?


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Yes. So actually, in any processing of material generation of scrap is inevitable because the
                         product has to be made and there will be -- during processing of material, there will be losses
                         and there will be generational scrap. And this scrap goes into -- goes back into production and
                         then inventory -- I mean, when the production is more, more scrap is generated.


                         Okay. So how much of this scrap can go back and how to reduce that you are thinking, but we
                         are not allowed by certain customers to use more than certain minimum quantity of -- certain
                         minimum quantity of scrap, because the -- there are certain requirements, for example,
                         Gaganyaan applications of ISRO.


                         We are allowed to use only a certain amount of scrap. And it all depends on product mix. If the
                         customer is saying that I want virgin material, we have to use pure raw materials. So typically,
                         the ratio of the virgin material to scrap will be in the ratio of 60% to 40%. So sometimes when
                         huge orders are there where virgin materials have to be used, scrap generated cannot be put back
                         into production line and there will be accumulation.


                         But we are continuously thinking and trying to understand how we can put the scrap back into
                         operation. We slowly we'll be reducing. It all depends on the product mix and that we are
                         processing in a particular year or a particular quarter. And you can see the up and down in the
                         scrap utilization or accumulation. So is a brief thing for your question. sir.


Abhishek Jain:           And sir, you are also involved in the Kaveri engine manufacturing program, just wanted to
                         understand the outlook of that and how much -- what will be the role of Midhani?


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Midhani is a 52-year-old client, which is having expertise of more than 40, 45 years in the
                         production of super alloys and titanium alloys. The essential elements that go into the
                         manufacturing of an engine, aero engine are super alloys and titanium alloys, predominantly.
                         Those hard sections will be super alloys and the lower temperature sections will be titanium
                         alloys.


                         And we have both the thing. Midhani has continuously supported this Kaveri engine program or
                         in the futuristic upcoming programs, whatever programs are there under Government of India.
                         We are continuously striving to develop new grades. Recently, in fact, some of the grades for
                         one of the aero engines of a public sector undertaking has been -- we have been cleared.


                         Midhani has been cleared for productionization by certifying agency. So there are continuous
                         efforts to make newer alloys and producing them and getting certified and supplying to the


                                                  Page 7 of 18

===== PEER-MIDHANI_Nov_2025 PAGE 9 =====
                                                                                           Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited
                                                                                                   November 14, 2025

                         customers. So these are continuous efforts because large number of grades are used and these
                         grades can be built only in Midhani because this kind of technology are available -- the kind of
                         facilities are available by Midhani. So we closely work with our customers to develop these
                         grades and get them qualified. And we do internally a lot of research for each of these materials
                         and we are with our aero engine manufacturers yes.


Abhishek Jain:           So if I say that the long-term outlook that you are involved in the ultra high temperature super
                         critical power plants, Kaveri engine power programs and so many defense programs. So I just
                         wanted to understand what is your revenue guidance for the medium to long term because that -
                         - if I see that revenue growth in the last 5 years, 6 odd years, it is very -- it's not very up to the
                         mark. So I just wanted to understand at the investor point of view that what would be your
                         revenue target by FY30 or FY28?


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   No, it is like this. We are having certain kind of facilities currently we are operating. And as
                         your point, I appreciate we are having a lot of plans for increasing our revenues and we are
                         having the strong capex plans okay? And we will be targeting every year at least 10% growth,
                         okay?


                         And we have ambitious capex where we can install some new equipment to improve the
                         productivity basically, okay? So some of the older equipment we are we are replacing it and by
                         utilizing the capex and installing new equipment, we expect our growth to be 10% year-on-year.


Abhishek Jain:           So sir, defense is an emerging sector at this point of time and everybody is expecting very strong
                         growth as the company is growing well, the growth rate is very high. So in that case, as you are
                         involved in many program, just taking the 10% growth, is it not very much conservative on your
                         side?


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Yes. So basically, it is like that. By the time -- once we install the new facilities, we expect it to
                         be higher on a very conservative note, I'm revealing this 10% figure. Yes, we want to have better
                         figures. In the coming years, you will see a bigger growth.


Abhishek Jain:           So can we expect that a 20% plus CAGR growth in the next 3, 4 years because there are so many
                         programs?


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Yes. Once our long-term capex plans are in place. Certainly, your figures can be matched.


Abhishek Jain:           Okay. And what is your capex plan, sir, for the FY '26, '27?


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Yes, we are working on that. We are in discussion with our ministry and we should be ready
                         with maybe by end of Q3, we'll be able to make those plans and probably in the next con call,
                         we can give you detailed figures. We are in the process of making currently.


Moderator:               Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manoj from Equicorp Research. Please go
                         ahead.


Manoj:                   So, my first question is about the metal bank. If you are going to have this 5, 6 materials, we are
                         going to store for a very long time. Isn't it going to involve substantial capital from our side?


                                                  Page 8 of 18

===== PEER-MIDHANI_Nov_2025 PAGE 10 =====
                                                                                          Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited
                                                                                                  November 14, 2025

                         And will it be subsidized by any of the government departments or it will be calculated in the
                         costs while bidding for the contracts?


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Yes. The first answer is no. It is not going to be in the books of Midhani. And this is as per MoU,
                         it is a metal bank being established in Midhani's campus owned by customers, okay? Owner is
                         the customer, whoever our MoU partners, they are the customers and the location is Midhani,
                         okay?


Manoj:                   Okay.


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   And only infrastructure is, Midhani's infrastructure, we are only facilitating the required
                         infrastructure and it is a customer-owned, Midhani operated metal bank.


Manoj:                   This is great news for us. I mean it will not block any of our production plans actually...


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Absolutely. Absolutely, you're right. And there has been a long thinking in Ministry of Defense
                         and as advised by them, and as per our suggestions, this has been established. And soon within
                         6 to 8 months’ time, we will have the metal bank being installed within the Midhani's campus.


Manoj:                   Sir, my second question is, what is the current capacity utilization across our facilities and
                         businesses and what is the optimum sale we can generate from the current capacity at the
                         optimum level?


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Yes. So if you look at -- okay, capacity utilization, if I would give you -- we have multiple stages
                         of operations for processing of any material. We have melting that is we melt the material, then
                         downstream processing. That is we'll do forging of the material, rolling, hot rolling, cold rolling,
                         wire drawing and all these things. Depending on the product form that we are supplying, it will
                         undergo a series of operations.


                         So melt, we have subsequent capacities, okay? And if you are selling castings, that is directly
                         ingots, process stops there. So we have 100% capacity utilization. If you go to forging, probably
                         we are having two forge presses. There also, we are having, wherever it is required for operating,
                         we also go outside and get some of the things done. We outsource it and of course, we have a
                         white plate mill.


                         We have other hot rolling mills and cold rolling mills. So, depending on the product mix,
                         whatever product we are processing, some of these equipment are used. So it all depends on the
                         product mix that we are targeting. And accordingly, the capacity utilization will be there.


Manoj:                   Sir, my next question is, if we have to achieve, if you decide to achieve a turnover of INR5,000
                         crores, I'm just asking that. Then what is the road block? Is it the demand? Is it the capability?
                         Is it the source of supply -- or where is the bottleneck? Or is it the capex limitation? Where is
                         the limitation, if you have to achieve? And is there a potential to achieve this kind of turnover
                         in the next 3-4 years, 5 years?


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Yes. So, it all depends on the orders. A, if enough orders are there, next roadblock our bottleneck
                         will be the infrastructure availability. And the third thing is, of course, processing. Midhani is


                                                  Page 9 of 18

===== PEER-MIDHANI_Nov_2025 PAGE 11 =====
                                                                                          Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited
                                                                                                  November 14, 2025

                         capable of making literally any type of alloy, okay? We have 500 grades of materials in our
                         portfolio and about 100 of them are aeronautical grades that are required for aero engines.


                         We supply materials to ISRO for all the solid rocket motor booster. We supply materials for all
                         the missile programs included in Brahmos, Akash, which are used in Operation Sindhoor. So it
                         is not the question of capability. Capability exists. We have a very strong R&D team in Midhani.


                         We have wealth of knowledge. We have profit sheets for so many grades. It is only question of
                         infrastructure. If infrastructure is available, that is the reason previous question, I also
                         emphasized that we need to have some capex for it. We can produce more, okay? So our idea
                         also is towards growth, how to grow at 20%, how to grow at a higher level, how to get?


                         So orders are available. In fact, if you look at the EXIM data, something like INR8,000 crores
                         worth of super alloys and titanium alloys are being imported into the country. So there is enough
                         requirement for the material. So it is only a question of having the right kind of infrastructure so
                         that we can book the orders, even we can export the materials.


                         I mean there are enough people looking for orders in competitive market and Midhani exported
                         last year -- 10% of its revenue has come from exports itself. So, enough opportunity is there.
                         Certainly, it's a -- bottleneck is the infrastructure. If we upgrade some of the equipment and some
                         of the facilities that we create. These figures are possible.


                         INR5,000 crores, it may take a little time, but it has to be in a progressive manner. So we -- to
                         start with how to achieve maybe we have to go towards INR1,500 crores to INR2,000 crores
                         and slowly in a gradual manner, there is a significant possibility to increase in this area. And this
                         is a very niche area. Again, I want to tell you.


Manoj:                   So if you -- sir, you have the money, or if somebody is willing to put in money, say government
                         or somebody else, right? Say, you are given INR500 crores or INR1,000 crores, is there a
                         potential to invest in this kind of capex and accelerate the growth in a big way? I mean, what's
                         the medium-term capex plan? Is it like INR200 crores, INR300 crores, INR500 crores, or even
                         more than that?


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Yes. I agree, actually, okay, we will be, I mean, we are currently working out by end of Q3, we'll
                         be able to give you the correct figures. We are in the process of making plans to what are the
                         right kind of equipment to put and where we are going out for -- I mean, downloading of our
                         facilities. So that capex plan, we'll be sharing probably in the next conference call. Yes, as you
                         told infrastructure is required, and we are in the process of doing that. And our ministry also is
                         encouraging us to go ahead with this kind of thing. So we will do that.


Manoj:                   Sir, only the last question, comment, whatever you say about the solution. If I understand, I
                         mean, in terms of the business potential, which is huge. You said INR1,000 crores worth of
                         imports are happening. There is a significant export potential, right?


                         So the only thing is instead of rethinking about 10%, 15% growth or something, we need to fix
                         a vision. Somebody has to fix the vision saying that, okay, we want to achieve INR5,000 crores



                                                 Page 10 of 18

===== PEER-MIDHANI_Nov_2025 PAGE 12 =====
                                                                                        Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited
                                                                                                November 14, 2025

                         in the next 7 years or 6 years. And then work backwards of what is needed, what capabilities,
                         what money, what facilities, what sustainability.


                         And that is how that needs to be planned, right? I don't think for the kind of capability and kind
                         of things we have, we need to talk about 10%, 15% growth. I think it looks to happen from a
                         different angle. And if that happens, then there will be a push for doing a lot of things. So, I
                         genuinely hope that over the next couple of quarters, we should have a lot more clarity and
                         significant push towards the growth for the next 5, 7 years, I sincerely hope so. And hope to
                         meet you sometime soon, sir because we see significant potential in our business, actually


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Thank you very much, actually. You are most welcome to Midhani. Anytime you can come and
                         visit our plant. And we are also doing visioning exercise. Already, we are into the exercise of
                         2030 and 2047. And we are a significant partner in Viksit Bharat, proposed by Honorable Prime
                         Minister.


                         So how to take the company forward is one of the most important targets currently, we are
                         working. And certainly in the coming quarter or 2, we'll be able to share our futuristic plans as
                         this will do, and we look forward to your visit. Thank you.


Manoj:                   Thank you, sir. Thank you very much for the opportunity.


Moderator:               Thank you. The next follow-up question is from the line of Henil from Equicorp. Please go
                         ahead.


Henil:                   Sir, some questions related to the space start. So we had done a consortium order some -- few
                         years back on the PSLV side for ISRO. Sir, are we empaneled for PSLV, GSLV, SSLV and
                         LVM3 projects? Or is there something where -- is there some part where we are not actually
                         there?


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Your question is absolutely right. And if you remember we are a part of ISRO, okay? We are
                         catering right from the first PSLV onwards. Midhani's material is what you see in the -- when
                         the launch vehicle lifts, whether it is PSLV, GSLV or LVM3 or any of these SSLVs. You see
                         the Midhani's rocket motor casing that is what gets ignited on the ground. Midhani's has been a
                         partner of ISRO for last more than 40 years.


                         So we have been supplying. And for all these things, not only for solid rocket booster, we also
                         supply materials for liquids engine that is Vikas engine. We supply materials for cryogenic
                         engine, both for GSLV Mark 2 and Mark 3 and we supply materials for semi-cryogenic engine,
                         and we are looking forward.


                         ISRO is going with great guns for next-generation launch vehicle. They are having engines. We
                         will be part of that one. And SSLV, whatever order has been given to HAL, we'll be part of that.
                         Every ISRO launch vehicle and satellite, Midhani's materials will be there.


Henil:                   Okay. So the Gaganyaan mission and the human assisted mission, will also be a part of that very
                         strategic mission, right?



                                                 Page 11 of 18

===== PEER-MIDHANI_Nov_2025 PAGE 13 =====
                                                                                          Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited
                                                                                                  November 14, 2025

S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Absolutely, in Gaganyaan mission, all solid rocket boosters, I mean that maraging steel,
                         whatever is produced in Midhani is being used. In fact, that is in one of the previous questions I
                         told. The rigorous quality checks that are done by, I mean, by ISRO for Gaganyaan mission that
                         they don't permit us to use the scrap because it has to be human rated vehicle. Yes.


                         So that human rated vehicle, the quality controls are so high, so we cannot have any deviation
                         in the quality and meeting their requirements. We are very proud. Midhani is very proud to meet
                         the human requirements for ISRO's Gaganyaan program. We collaborate closely with them. And
                         in fact, we are the major suppliers of materials for ISRO in Gaganyaan program.


Henil:                   Okay. So also we were also trying to put a metallic powder plant as an input substitute. So how
                         do you see this particular segment? Is it going to be order specific -- orders for the powder unit?
                         Or is it going to be on a consumable basis? So, the orders will be continuously recurring from
                         your plant.


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Yes. Actually, if I have to elaborate on this, metal powder project is coming from additive
                         manufacturing industry. Midhani has been making the alloys like super alloys or titanium alloys
                         for so many years. Last 40 years, we have been melting. We are masters in making the alloys.


                         Now one of the branches, this is the one approach that is making a big block and machining to
                         realize the component. Recently, additive manufacturing industry is growing at a very fast pace.
                         So in order to meet the additive manufacturing industry requirement. Currently, all the powders,
                         particularly titanium and super alloys powders are imported.


                         India is not having capability to make these powder -- powders as an input material for additive
                         manufacturing, that is 3D printing. Now, since Midhani already has a lot of expertise in making
                         these alloys, it is only a question of converting the alloy liquid metal into powder. So we have
                         already initiated, there is a purchase order. Okay?


                         So we are pursuing with the company to supply this equipment. With this, the advantage is
                         Midhani is also producing metal powders for additive manufacturing. And there is a huge
                         potential. All powders are getting imported.


                         So, first of all, we can cater to the all markets within the country. And there is a huge export
                         potential for powders also. So, with this idea only, this initiative was taken. And we hope that
                         we will be able to establish, okay? So, this additive manufacturing powder making facility,
                         maybe in the coming 6 months, we should be able to do. Already PO is placed. So, there are
                         some hiccups. So, we are expecting that the problems will be sorted out and we'll be able to
                         install the facility. Yes.


Henil:                   So, this would provide significant skin in the game for us, because a lot of aerospace
                         manufacturers are actually looking at 3D printing for very precision part, I mean, construction
                         side. So with this, I think, sir, the aerospace will be a very good vertical and I think aerospace is
                         the most profitable vertical for us among all the wholesale if I am not mistaken.




                                                      Page 12 of 18

===== PEER-MIDHANI_Nov_2025 PAGE 14 =====
                                                                                         Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited
                                                                                                 November 14, 2025

                         So if you could also just some more understanding of the MoU that we signed with AD and the
                         Aero India 2025 Summit the MD and 100 grade, alloy grade. Sir, what is the actual use case and
                         we've also been supplying some aeronautical grade alloys for the Tejas Mk2 program. So since
                         the Mk2 program process also there?


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Last sentence, I could not hear. Can you repeat?


Henil:                   Sir, we were also empanelled to provide some aeronautical grade alloys for Tejas Mk 2 program.
                         Sir, since the program is little delayed and there's still some time to pick up I mean, what's your
                         understanding over there?


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Okay. See, luckily, we are the company producing materials for the Tejas Mk2. Yes, there are
                         number of grades in that and we have already started processing these materials. There are a
                         significant number of steel, super alloys and titanium alloys in this. And they have to be first of
                         all type tested and qualified and we are in the process of doing that. And we are also -- whatever
                         you mentioned under Aero India, those grades we are currently producing gas.


Henil:                   And lastly, we had also alluded to a INR700-plus crores order in Q2. But if I just do the math, I
                         think, it's about INR250 crores that we've actually got and INR300 crores that we got in October.
                         Sir, there is actually the disconnect -- are the orders deferred or are we still yet to receive the
                         tenders because the tender this has not been open?


Management:              Another INR500 crores that’s in advance , we are expecting before March over and above
                         whatever we already booked around INR990 plus, we are expecting another INR500 crores of
                         orders from defense and navy sector before March '26.


Henil:                   Okay, and for ABHED project.


Moderator:               Sorry to interrupt sir. Should you have any follow-up questions, please rejoin the queue.


Henil:                   Sure.


Moderator:               Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rakesh Roy from Boring AMC. Please go
                         ahead.


Rakesh Roy:              Yes. Sir, my first question regarding, can you guide us about how much order book we are
                         expecting at the end of March FY '26? Because as you say, you are in second half, you will do
                         nearby INR900 crores revenue or full year INR1,300 crores, so our total order book is here by
                         INR2,000 out of INR2,900 is completed. So how much order book we are expecting at the end
                         of March?


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Okay. No. Presently, we are adding INR2,220 crores order and another INR500 crores already
                         finalized there. That makes around INR2,700 crores. Even INR900 crores we will do it is going
                         to be INR1,800 crores. Actually, we are thinking even some more order will come. The first
                         April 2026, we expect at least INR2,000 crores opening balance will be there minimum. So that
                         will be easy to plan even next year also.




                                                 Page 13 of 18

===== PEER-MIDHANI_Nov_2025 PAGE 15 =====
                                                                                          Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited
                                                                                                  November 14, 2025

Rakesh Roy:              Okay. My next question, sir, as you say bullet proof helmet. So you get the DOT from the IIT
                         Mumbai product will be made in Hyderabad facility or Rohtak facility or can you update on
                         Rohtak facility, any update on any order new order from the urban investor?


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   No, Rohtak facility is presently we are doing vehicle armouring and body armouring from like
                         a prior order we got. Sir told that IIT Technology ABHED also, we have already made and it is
                         under the testing that is going on. Now already we have done around INR12 crores in the first
                         half till October and we have another some INR40 crores.


                         So there is a good visibility and we are pursuing some more order. So maybe by end of the year,
                         the Rohtak will be doing much better than means initially whatever we are doing. And to add to
                         whatever our Director of Production and Marketing told, this ABHED technology taken DOT
                         from DRDO plus IIT Delhi whatever we have signed and taken the technology transfer.


                         This is a very, very niche technology. And we have already processed bullet proof jackets using
                         this technology and we have already tested, ballistic testing also has been completed. So we are
                         very much impressed with that. And we hope that we'll get a significant number of orders for
                         ABHED jacket.


Rakesh Roy:              ABHED for bullet proof jacket?


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Yes. If you recall, we are already into the business of making bullet proof jackets. We have a
                         facility at Rohtak which is making already this. So we have all the facilities that is the facilities
                         required the SAP and HAP, no, whatever soft armour panel and the hard armour panel and
                         autoclaves, all the facilities are available, how to test them, how to do raw material inspection?
                         All these things are there. It is only the processing of these, the ABHED jacket, there is small
                         differences are there.


                         And we will be processing them as per the thing and whatever capex required for it is small and
                         that is will be installing those equipment. And I mean, we should be able to get all these things,
                         ABHED jackets within 6 months, everything will be made. So we are ready for getting orders
                         for this particular jacket.


Rakesh Roy:              And last question, sir. Sir, any product we are supplying to a shipbuilding, sir, any our product
                         is going to shipbuilding industry?


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Yes. Yes, absolutely. We are having -- we supply steel for all shipyards, like Hindustan shipyard.
                         Okay, we are working with Mazagon Dock Limited for some of the indigenized steels. There
                         are grades which are currently being imported. So we are discussing with them on indigenization
                         of steel and we'll be soon developing these steel grades. Henceforth, will not be -- we need to
                         supply -- I mean, import these steel. Yes, with shipyards we are doing.


Rakesh Roy:              Okay. Why I'm asking the government is just thrusting on the shipbuilding industry in India. So
                         in that case, sir, how are you looking this industry growing in the next 5 years, 6 years and where
                         do we stand sir?




                                                  Page 14 of 18

===== PEER-MIDHANI_Nov_2025 PAGE 16 =====
                                                                                          Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited
                                                                                                  November 14, 2025

S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Yes, we expect significant orders. See, Midhani, the advantages whoever gets order we'll be
                         getting the raw material order because these steels are very, very in high-end steel and such.
                         These are not like the steels that are made in steel plants, conventional steel plants. These are all
                         wide plates that go into wide and thick plates that go into the building of ship.


                         And these are all very special grades and majority of them are either German or either French
                         origin. So we have the capability to make these materials. And the more they grow, the more we
                         grow. So the more number of orders they get for shipbuilding and we will be getting
                         correspondingly orders for raw materials.


Rakesh Roy:              Okay so for shipbuilding especially to steel or super alloy?


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   They don't use -- I mean some of the ships use titanium alloys because it is in water, seawater.
                         But majority of the materials are steels.


Rakesh Roy:              Great sir. Thank you.


Moderator:               Thank you. The next question is from the line of from Jyoti Singh from LIC. Please go ahead.


Jyoti Singh:             So my first question is pertaining to the exports. Since we're exporting to more than 20 countries,
                         so what kind of opportunities are we seeing and how do we plan to increase it going further from
                         the current level?


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Yes. If you look at our exports last year, we have exported orders worth of INR95 crores, about
                         INR94 crores, okay. So currently, we have already supplied to the tune of INR21 crores, okay,
                         till now, till second half. And order book is around something like around INR25 crores worth
                         of order book is currently we are executing. This year, we were a little -- fell short, because total
                         exports may be around INR50 crores.


                         One of the reasons why we are falling short is because there were some raw material constraints
                         for processing of some of the titanium alloys. We need to import materials from abroad. So
                         where we are having currently some geopolitical situation is not so good. So we are not getting
                         -- some supply chain disruption was there.


                         Deliberately we have not booked some of the orders, even though we've been approached here,
                         because the typical time line for processing of -- I mean the import order is about 3 to 4 months.
                         They want material very quickly. Even the import of the materials may take 3, 4 months. So we
                         didn't want to necessarily enter into that. So deliberately, we have not booked some of the orders,
                         but there is significant potential. If you look at the super alloys and titanium alloys, we are
                         competitive in the open market and we'll get orders by competition.


                         So we can look once these things are settled, we should be able to make that INR100 crores,
                         INR150 crores exports every year. And not only that there is one more important point that I
                         want to mention that Midhani is going for NADCAP certification, which is essential for export
                         orders.




                                                 Page 15 of 18

===== PEER-MIDHANI_Nov_2025 PAGE 17 =====
                                                                                          Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited
                                                                                                  November 14, 2025

                         So by Q4, we'll be completing this NADCAP certification also, which will enable us to export
                         the materials. So that will have -- I mean all these applications, whatever are required by the
                         export market, okay, our foreign customers, they look for this application, and we'll be
                         completing by Q4.


Jyoti Singh:             Okay. The second question is pertaining to your order book. If you can guide on the execution
                         plan or time line for your current order book in hand?


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   The time line for executing the current order book, okay? So currently, we are having about
                         INR2,200 crores, and we expect another -- anyway, we are moving towards something like --
                         yes, we should be able to complete by 12 to 18 months, whatever orders currently we are having.
                         And some of the grades are developmental grades so that higher time, longer time is for those
                         developmental grades. Production grades will take not more than 12 months at the most.


Jyoti Singh:             Do we see any sort of issue including the raw material for the order book that we have so that
                         this gets executed in time.


Management:              Presently, except one or two raw materials, there is no much issues. We are already concurrently
                         planning raw material procurement and we are planning already existing order book action plan
                         is already initiated.


Jyoti Singh:             The third question is on -- based on your growth in the factory, if you can guide us on what are
                         the current capacity utilization -- and what sort of revenue to be expected from the facility in the
                         next couple of years?


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Okay. As I told previously, the capacity utilization depends on the product that we are supplying.
                         All the equipment will not be used for all the products, okay? If it is only for -- I mean ingots,
                         only melt furnaces are required. If it is for wire and barb, electrodes or welding wire, it needs
                         significantly almost every equipment.


                         So depending on the product mix that we are targeting, the capacity utilization will be there. For
                         some of the products you may not touch any of the existing infrastructure. So it depends currently
                         the product mix that we are processing.


Jyoti Singh:             That’s it from my side. Thank you so much for the detailed answer.


Moderator:               The next question is from the line of Rushabh from RBSA Investment Manager LLP.


Rushabh:                 Thank you for the opportunity. So just harping on to earlier participation question. You
                         mentioned that demand is not an issue. Capability is not an issue, but just on the infrastructure
                         side, we are falling short. Just want to understand, sir, what steps have you taken in the last two
                         years, including the raw material availability which is imported, that would ensure that going
                         forward, this is not a big issue for us.


                         How do we plan to manage this? Given maybe this may be a once in a decade opportunity for a
                         company like us, we should be going all in to capitalize?




                                                  Page 16 of 18

===== PEER-MIDHANI_Nov_2025 PAGE 18 =====
                                                                                         Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited
                                                                                                 November 14, 2025

S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Yes. So one of the things that we are doing is for raw material security, as I've informed, we are
                         setting up a metal bank, National Strategic Materials Reserve, which will take care of at least
                         major things. Because if any supply chain disruption is there, even for any of the raw materials
                         that go into making up alloys, even when material is not available, that is the problem. So this
                         is the first initiative.


                         To your question, what initiatives you have taken in the last two years for that. Creation of Metal
                         Bank is one of the initiatives that is taken. And hopefully, within six months, we should be in a
                         position to establish this facility in our campus.


                         With respect to capex, your another question, what are the things that you are doing? Capex, we
                         have been continuously trying to install. So in last so many years, so many new equipment have
                         been added. But in the core area where we need the forging. So we are in a discussion to have
                         some very important equipment okay, to process the forging line. So there, we are going to install
                         higher capacity, to meet the next maybe 15 years kind of thing.


                         We are having 15, 20 years, we should be in a position to make -- continuously grow. So that
                         kind of equipment we are planning to put. I'll be -- we'll be in a postion to give detailed figures
                         in end of Q3 or Q4. And seriously, we are thinking about how to -- what kind of machines are
                         required, okay? So it is there.


                         So there is a good plan. We are also doing the plan for 2030 and 2047. So we should be in a
                         position to have, I guess, more orders, execute more orders, increase the top line and grow at a
                         pace maybe 10% to 20%. That is a target that we are currently thinking of, on a very conservative
                         note.


Rushabh:                 And sir, you earlier mentioned in our earlier calls that we are in the process of empanelment
                         with the global aero engine majors. So how -- what stage are we in empanelment and how long
                         before we see orders from them?


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Yes. So some of our foreign people, they are auditing our facilities and some of have already
                         completed the second level of audit. And once they give -- once they are satisfied and give a
                         certification with this NADCAP and all, we should be in a position to get orders from them,
                         okay? Once they start giving orders, we'll get good orders for exports. So once they complete
                         certification of our plant that we will be able to get.


Rushabh:                 This process may take one year or so or?


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Some of the people we are towards -- maybe within 6 months, we should be able to complete.


Rushabh:                 Okay. And sir, we understand that super alloys is a significant portion of our revenue. But can
                         you share the break up, maybe the titanium or the critical component alloys, how much is it as a
                         percentage of revenue? Can we have some break up?


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Yes. So if I have to break up just a minute, I can share the details. So if you look at our super
                         alloys, revenue will be 21% of the total revenue. Titanium alloy will be 19%, maraging steel




                                                    Page 17 of 18

===== PEER-MIDHANI_Nov_2025 PAGE 19 =====
                                                                                         Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited
                                                                                                 November 14, 2025

                         15%, special steel including the steels per naval and other applications and even that is through
                         obligations, it will be 37%. It is a very big chunk. All other grades will be about 8%.


Rushabh:                 Okay. And sir, five years down the line, how does this mix change for us? Given whatever you
                         are planning. I think we are planning to go into more value added areas have in different
                         industries. So how does this mix change? And how does help the margin profile?


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Yes, margin profile to share with super alloy margins will be a little higher. Maraging steel, our
                         margins will be higher.


Management:              All alloys we will try to maintain same level of...


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Overall 23% EBITDA can be expected, 23%.


Rushabh:                 Okay. Okay. Understood. Okay. And sir, there's one more company called PTC Industries. Do
                         we compete with them in any products or capability wise we would be at par with them, right?
                         Or where do we stand, sir?


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Yes. I mean, basically, we are having steel, super alloys and titanium alloys. So they are also
                         putting up facilities. There is enough market for everyone to grow, okay? It is not that
                         competition. There is a significant business. I told you previously, there is INR8,000 crores
                         worth of materials are getting imported. The cake is big, so people can -- people have opportunity
                         to participate and get -- they are also doing -- I mean, coming up with a lot of new facilities.


Moderator:               Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. Now we have reached
                         the end of the question-and-answer session. I now hand the conference over to the management
                         for the closing comments.


S.V.S. Narayana Murty:   Yes. So thank you. It has been a fabulous meeting. I think we had for nearly one hour, and I
                         think many of the questions, I hope that we have given satisfactory answers. And we hope to
                         grow and whatever little decline was there in the Q2 performance due to non-booking of some
                         of the products in our WIP, I think, we'll be able to liquidate them in the third quarter. And we
                         will be moving forward at the targeted INR1,300 crore sales, whatever we have told during Q1
                         time.


                         So thank you very much. Thank you all for joining today's meeting.


Moderator:               Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you
                         for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.




                                                   Page 18 of 18
