[page 1]
 
 
February 4, 2026 
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligation 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), we wish to inform you that the 
Company participated in the investor conference as given below: 
 
Date and time 
Type of Meeting / Event 
Location 
January 30, 2026, at 14.00 hours 
onwards 
Investor & Analyst Meet to discuss 
performance 
for 
the 
quarter 
ended December 31, 2025 
Conference Call through dial-in 
 
No Unpublished Price Sensitive Information was shared/discussed in the meeting with the investors. 
 
Further, please see enclosed the transcript of the Investor Call for Q3FY26. 
 
We request you to take the above on record. 
 
For Laxmi Organic Industries Limited 
 
 
 
 
_________________ 
Aniket Hirpara 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: A/a 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, 
Rotunda Building, P. J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543277 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051 
Trading Symbol: LXCHEM 
HIRPARA 
ANIKET B
Digitally signed by 
HIRPARA ANIKET B 
Date: 2026.02.04 
09:31:10 +05'30'

[page 2]
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
“Laxmi Organic Industries Limited  
Q3 & 9M FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 30, 2026 
 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of any discrepancy, the audio 
recording uploaded on the stock exchanges on 30th January 2026 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. RAJAN VENKATESH – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – LAXMI ORGANIC 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. MAHADEO KARNIK – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
–LAXMI ORGANIC INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 

[page 3]
 
 
Laxmi Organic Industries Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q3 and 9M FY '26 Earnings Conference 
Call of Laxmi Organic Industries Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. 
 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. From the management, we have with us Dr. 
Rajan Venkatesh, MD and CEO; and Mr. Mahadeo Karnik, CFO. We will now begin the call 
with remarks from the management team, followed by a question-and-answer session. Before 
we begin, I would like to point out that this conference call may contain forward-looking 
statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the 
company as on the date of this call. These statements are not the guarantee of the future 
performance of the company and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
 
I now hand the call over to Dr. Rajan Venkatesh, MD and CEO. Thank you, and over to you, 
sir. 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
Thank you. Very good morning, good evening and good afternoon, Namaskaram from my side 
to wherever and whichever time zone you're dialing in from. To set the context, again, like I've 
usually done in the past, I would like to just spend a small amount of time on what is the global 
macro on the global chemical industry, focus then on the demand trends signals thatwe are 
seeing from our key customer industries that we serve; give you a bit of a glimpse about how 
the feedstocks have developed, at least the key primary feedstocks that we tend to employ and 
that impacts us; and then give you a quick insight into how our performance has evolved into 
quarter 3; our projects, key projects, how that is progressing and also in this time, really focus 
on the self-help measures that we continue to work ourselves upon in the current backdrop and 
also give you a quick update on our Lote facility. So let me start with the global chemical 
industry. Not surprisingly, that continues to be challenging. 
 
And what you see is clearly continued efforts in the global landscape towards cost optimization, 
shutdowns, restructuring of subscale and non-competitive assets and rerouting of supply chain 
linked to the continuously evolving tariff situation that we are all grappling with. 
 
That being said, I would say in the past months and weeks, the recent announced shutdowns in 
certain parts of the world -- in this case, Europe and specific measures in China in accordance 
with their anti-involution policy reflect that actions are being taken to improve the situation. The 
recently signed EU-India FTA, upon actualization, because we all understand there is a certain 
time between that should also at least in our lens, be a positive catalyst. 
 
Coming to the demand signals. Demand signals from key industry segments that we serve: 
packaging, inks and adhesives remained stable on a quarter-on-quarter basis. If you look at 
agrochemicals, it remained moderate. On paints and coatings, it continued to be weak to 
moderate because we serve a global customer base there.  And on pharmaceuticals, it remains 
stable. 

[page 4]
 
 
Laxmi Organic Industries Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
 
One of the key feedstocks, and in this case, acetic acid, while many feedstocks have seen a 
deflationary price trend over the last quarters and in fact, also over the last 1 or 2 years. Calling 
out acetic acid, which is a key building block for us. Over the calendar years of 2024 and 2025, 
acetic acid prices have dropped by greater than 20%, right. 
 
Only in December, we are noticing this trend positively reversing. And as you can imagine, 
while we are positively thrilled about it, but we are also monitoring this very granularly. For our 
Specialties business, if you look into our quarter 3 performance, while maintaining market share, 
financials on a year-on-year basis continue to be impacted by 3 levers. One is a market price 
moderation. This is something we have called out also in the past. 
 
I gave you an example of acetic acid as one key, I would say, example. One-time campaign 
product, and this is what you will hear a little bit more about. This was the one-time campaign 
product that we did in quarter 3 of the last financial year, which certainly did not repeat into this 
financial year. And as previously we had highlighted the agro product phase out for which we 
were supplying an important intermediate. 
 
In the Essentials part of our basket, the spread for our key product, ethyl acetate, continued to 
be subdued. And our current focus in the Essentials segment remains achieving volume-driven 
profitable growth. Both in the Specialties and also Essentials, moving into quarter 4 and also 
into the next financial year, new capacities are coming up. 
 
So obviously, as you can imagine, a core focus from our side would be really getting into a 
hunting mode with close proximity to many of our customers because that is the call of the hour. 
At our Dahej facility, which is the single largest capex that Laxmi has embarked on to, as we 
had called out in the past, the Phase 1 is already online. We are already supplying customers 
from that. 
 
And the project remains, especially for the Phase 2, on course, and our priority remains bringing 
the Phase 2, completing it by the end of quarter 4. The fluoro intermediates operation at Lote 
remain on track, and we are, I think, in a good space to achieve what we have called out in the 
past in our first year of operations from our Lote setup. 
 
We continue, as I said, on self-help measures. This is very, very important given the continuing 
landscape backdrop on the chemical industry by focusing on productivity. This is something we 
started quite some time back, and that is again something we continue to focus upon. 
 
Commercial excellence, execution excellence, this is also driven by executing these projects that 
we have laid out the capex for in time, within budget and within scope. Cost discipline and 
needless to say, last but not the least, but sometimes the most important part, the new growth 
projects and focusing on the new product development and the cycle, especially for our specialty 
part of the vertical. 
 
We also affirmed that our Lote facility operates in compliance with all applicable Indian 
requirements, and there has been no discharge of hazardous affluence into the environment 
where we operate. We remain steadfast in our commitment to transparency and continue to 

[page 5]
 
 
Laxmi Organic Industries Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
actively engage with all relevant stakeholders. Again, that being said, our fluoro intermediates 
operation in Lote remains on track, and we continue to operate that. 
 
So with that, I will hand it over to my dear friend, Mahadeo, who will take us through how the 
financials have evolved. 
Mahadeo Karnik: 
Thank you, Rajan. So good afternoon, all. I'm taking you through now slide by slide. I'm 
currently on Page 22. So if you look at our revenues for the quarter have decreased by nearly 
9% quarter-on-quarter versus previous year. 
 
Our EBITDA is at nearly INR 50 crores, which is 33% down versus previous year. And our PAT 
is at INR 25 crores versus INR 29.3 crores in previous year. Key highlight to this is 3 things: 
continuing pressure in the space of ethyl acetates. There is a product mix difference between 
Essential and Specialties. This time because of the decline in Specialties business, the percentage 
has gone down. 
 
And also from this quarter, we will see the impact of incremental cost of Lote as well as part of 
the Dahej facilities going up. So that comes in our P&L. These results also include a one-time 
gain, which we have called it out specifically from our notes in the published accounts for 
favorable litigation settlement for wheeling and transmission charges of INR 407 million. As the 
labor codes were also announced in November, so we have taken a provision of INR 38 million 
for the same. And there is ongoing supply chain redesign project, which has costed us nearly 
INR 9 million. 
 
So these are the one-timers that we have. If you look at Essential business, the revenue has 
declined by 6%, but the volume remains same, mainly this revenue is impacted by the acetic 
acid feedstock prices. In case of Specialties, the revenue has declined by 30%. As Rajan called 
out, there is a price moderation, which is causing 12%. One-time campaign product in FY '25, 
which caused around a decline of nearly 5% to 6% and phaseout of agrochemical intermediate, 
which is around 10%. So these are the key components of the decline for Specialties. 
 
If you look at our cost components, our employee cost is at INR 46 crores versus previous year 
of INR 34 crores. In previous year of INR 34 crores, mainly there was a reversal of ESOP of 
nearly INR 4 crores. And also it has an impact of additional headcounts at Lote and Dahej of 
INR 4 crores. And also it has an impact of annual increments. But if you look at the other 
expenses line, there is a decline by nearly INR 5 crores, mainly on account of freight 
management and all other expenses to be in control. 
 
So overall, our adjusted EBITDA is at INR 14 crores. There is a onetime gain of INR 36 crores, 
which again, I want to reiterate is that there is a reversal from operations for the wheeling charges 
and transmission losses on account of the Supreme Court favourable order of INR 407 million 
and offset by the employee cost due to one-time labor core cost, which is INR 38 million and 
other expenses for cost of supply chain of INR 9 million. So that's it from my side.  
 

[page 6]
 
 
Laxmi Organic Industries Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question comes from the line of Jainam Ghelani from Svan 
Investment. Please go ahead.  
Jainam Ghelani: 
So my first question is mainly on the ethyl acetate spreads. So what are they currently? And how 
do we foresee them going in Q4 as well as FY '27? 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
So again, thank you for the question, Jainam. So first is, let me start with acetic acid because 
that's the key, I would say, mover and shaker when you talk about ethyl acetate spreads, right. 
While ethyl acetate spreads has, apart from acetic acid also got ethanol as the key raw material 
going into that product. The acetic acid is where the root cause, I would say, stem from. 
 
And as I called it out in my opening remarks, acetic acid has dropped almost more than 20% 
over the last 2 years. And we saw acetic acid prices sort of on the lower end in the last few 
months, which actually plateaued, I would say, at about $320, $330. 
 
And since then, we have certainly seen that this seems to be, I would say, a floor on the basis of 
which some of the key producers that are serving the Indian market from China and also 
ASEAN, have proactively taken certain capacity offline but also have chosen to improve the 
price points both domestically and also into the Indian market. So as we speak now, acetic acid 
prices have rebounded. And that's what we are seeing in December. They are closer to about 
$360, $370, $380 levels. 
 
But that being said, you also have Chinese New Year coming around the corner. So post Chinese 
New Year, you will also see capacities coming back online. So we anticipate that we do not 
expect to go back to the pain points that these producers experienced in the past. And somewhere 
the new reality will be between what we experienced between $330 to $380 is what we 
anticipate. 
 
As you can then also imagine, the spreads of ethyl acetate because on the back of feedstocks has 
also improved. And where we were really at a pain point of $90 to $100 over acetic acid and 
ethanol, we are now inching towards the $130 range. 
Jainam Ghelani: 
So sir, does that mean that the worst in terms of acetic acid is behind us and from Q4 onwards 
we should see improvement in the profitability on the Essentials front? 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
So what this implies certainly is price points of $320, $330 for acetic acid was not sustainable 
for the producers. And here, I'm talking about leading producers like the likes of INEOS, 
Shanghai Huayi and also Celanese. So that seems to be the key takeaway at this point of time. 
So we are certainly expecting things to be not going back to that level. Now whether it remains 
at $370, $380 or moderates lower to the midpoint of $350 $360 post Chinese New Year is 
something we need to diligently monitor. 
Jainam Ghelani: 
Sir, I think in Q4, you mentioned that our Dahej Phase 2 should come online. So almost INR 
1,000 crores of capex should be over. So how do we see that ramping up over FY '27 and FY 
'28? 

[page 7]
 
 
Laxmi Organic Industries Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
So Dahej, like we have also called out in the past was done in 2 phases. The Phase 1 was already 
operational in the end of quarter 2, quarter 3, and that ramp-up is happening as we speak. But 
the big chunk -- and again, don't forget the Dahej capex is a INR 710 crores capex. It's not INR 
1,000 crores; INR 710 crores. And a big chunk of the diketene, ketene, and the downstream 
derivatives will get mechanical completions towards the end of quarter 4. 
 
So FY '27 would be the first year. A, you'll have also a sampling period because a big chunk of 
that capex is our diketene derivatives. These are specialty in nature. There is also a product of 
anhydride that we are going to produce there. So all of this require customer qualification. So 
FY '27 will be the first year of qualification plus ramp-up and FY '28 is where we will try to 
further fast track the ramp-up. 
Jainam Ghelani: 
Okay. So we can expect basically revenues from H2 FY '27 from the diketene space? 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
If we are able to get all the qualifications done, I think that is the focus that we are working 
towards. 
Jainam Ghelani: 
So in the third quarter, our Specialties segment just saw 12% to 13% EBITDA margin. So how 
do we see that recovering over the year? And other than the phaseout of the product, what was 
the reason for the drop? 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
Specialties -- so again, can you just repeat your question? Can you just repeat your question, 
please? 
Jainam Ghelani: 
So in the Specialties segment, we saw EBITDA margins of 12% to 13% in Q3. So other than 
the agro product that phased out, what was the reason for the drop? And when do we see the 
margins to recover to almost 20% to 22%, which was our earlier outcome? 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
So as we explained also, first and foremost, we have put a slide which goes to show what has 
been our journey in the Specialties and specifically the diketene. We came in where we started 
with about FY '17, we were at about INR 250 crores. And we today, we closed out last financial 
year at close to INR 950 crores. 
 
Even if you see in the last few years, we have actually delivered EBITDA in the range of 20% 
to 25% in our specialty basket, which is primarily diketene. The trigger for us to invest in the 
capex at Dahej and to double our capability was that we were already maxed out with our 
capacity at our existing sites. 
 
We have the largest portfolio in the diketene space globally and we are serving a varied range 
of industries. And we believe we have a good cost position to build upon that. So that was the 
first thesis of which we have done. What we saw this year happening was what we have called 
out also in the past. We had one product, which was almost contributing 10% of our revenues, 
which was the intermediate going into the agro space. 
 
That got phased out. In fact, in the discussion with that customer, they were anticipating that still 
to continue, but that did not manifest into this financial year. The second lens, what we have also 

[page 8]
 
 
Laxmi Organic Industries Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
called out is when you have feedstocks, and it is not only acetic acid, if you speak to multiple, 
even aromatics value chain, you have seen feedstock dropping double digit. 
 
So even while you are selling Specialties and positioning Specialties, I think one cannot simply 
wish away that you will not have an impact on product pricing. So that is the lens where we are. 
And clearly, the chug rate remains as we are also ramping up. And again, don't forget that we 
also have our Lote facility that has come online and that Lote facility primarily is linked to our 
specialty portfolio on fluorination. So you also have the cost and all the capitalization and cost 
coming in from there. So those have been the factors. 
 
Our focus still remains the same that we have a clear right to win into our diketene derivative 
space. And once the Dahej facility is up and running, we will leverage both Mahad plus Dahej 
and ramp this up into 2027, as I just explained, and moving more important to 2028 and beyond. 
That is the way we view it, and that is where also gradually, we will see the improvements into 
the basket. 
Jainam Ghelani: 
Sir, is it safe to say that Q3 was one of the worst quarters that was -- and all the problems are 
gone as of now? 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
At this point of time, I think we will have to navigate it quarter-on-quarter. Chemicals is 
challenging. I do not want to wish that away. At least on the upstream feedstock lens, we 
certainly see that things seems to be rebounding, but I would still take it quarter-on-quarter. 
Jainam Ghelani: 
So do we see any improvement in Q4 as of now in our performance? 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
I would take it quarter-on-quarter. I have already shared very transparently with you the 
movements that we have seen in our Essentials basket, and then we will need to move 
accordingly. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Rohit Nagraj from 360 ONE Capital. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Two questions. One, company specific. During this quarter, did we see any secondary impact 
from the U.S. tariffs given that some of the intermediates that we supply to the domestic players 
who are manufacturing and selling the final product to the U.S. market? So was there any 
impact? Or was there any such situation which we faced? If you can just give a broader picture 
on the same? 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
So Rohit, as we have shared in the previous call, Laxmi's exposure to the U.S. market is only 
10% of our top line revenue. That is INR 300 crores. Of that INR 300 crores, only about 10% of 
that was truly impacted by the tariff topics. So it is not as material. 
 
But certainly, our customers, whom we supply, their products then potentially are also impacted. 
So yes, there is, I would say, at a company level, not a direct large material impact. But if you 
talk about the value chain, there is a certain impact. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sure. But it's not material to quantify or to hurt us significantly or it hasn't hurt us significantly 
during 3Q? 

[page 9]
 
 
Laxmi Organic Industries Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
No, that has not been the material impact into quarter 3. The U.S. part has not been the material 
impact. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Right. Second, a general question, given that you've also worked in Europe earlier. So I mean, 
given the EU FTA that we have signed recently, in terms of the domestic India import tariff to 
the EU has been about 13-odd percent. But on the contrary, the EU tariffs, import tariffs towards 
India were 22%. 
 
So there is a differential in terms of the duty structure. So will this have any material impact in 
terms of higher materials flowing from EU to India? Or just a perspective in terms of the quality 
of material, which is coming from EU to India and the material which is going from India to 
EU? A broader perspective would do. 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
Rohit, I think it will all depend on value chain. So for example, if we talk about value chains, 
which are linked to natural gas in some form, I think what is public information out there, 
certainly, natural gas in Europe is 4x or 3x of that what is cost competitively in North America. 
So for them to move products like example, methanol, ammonia into India, I see that as difficult.  
 
Now in Specialties, there could be opportunities. In my thesis, I would say, with also the 
restructuring that is happening broadly now in the European chemical industry, I would see more 
opportunities of Indian companies actually exporting into Europe. That's the way I would view 
it from this point of time, Rohit. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sure. But is it safe to assume that the products which are coming from Europe to India either 
they are kind of proprietary patented or super specialty products? And there are not large or there 
are no material manufacturers in the domestic market due to which this flow has been there. So 
there will not be any material impact on the industry, as you rightly pointed out in terms of the 
more opportunities coming through the FTA? 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
No. Again, you see India remains a net import, even if you look at all key building blocks, be it 
propylene oxide, be it MDI, TDI. So I would say those would be some of the commodities that 
could come in, but I would more focus on the specialty part, where certainly Europe still has a 
right to win in certain of these value chains. So it's going to be really, in my lens, to summarize, 
this is a very value chain approach where Europe certainly continues to have a right to win. And 
same way, again, from an India lens, where India then has a right to win. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Ankur Periwal from Axis Bank. 
Ankur Periwal: 
So the first question on the Essentials part. Now you rightly mentioned the pricing decline in 
acetic acid and the resultant contraction in spreads. Just wanted to understand two things here. 
One, from a volume growth perspective, do we have adequate capacity, surplus capacity now to 
ramp up the volumes further? Or how should one look at it? 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
Ankur, like we have also said in the past, we were running our assets broadly at significant high 
operation rates, both on the Essentials side and also the Specialties side. And that was one of the 
triggers that we chose to expand our footprint. So if you remember from the previous claims that 

[page 10]
 
 
Laxmi Organic Industries Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
we have made, we basically announced the establishment of a world-scale ethyl acetate facility 
that would come up in our Lote site. And that is what we are diligently working towards. Our 
Phase 1, which has started up at Dahej is one of our Essentials product. 
 
So from our existing capacity, we are fully utilized, and it is going to be really the growth coming 
from the newer capacity, which is going to move the needle positively. Our operational 
excellence journey that we started in 2023 actually yielded a significant double-digit output from 
our existing asset base in Mahad with limited to no capex. But you can only juice that out so 
much. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Sure. And there's 70,000 ton capacity that you are referring to if I'm not wrong. And when do 
we expect, let's say, a full ramp up capacity? Historically, we have seen a quicker ramp whenever 
there has been a capacity addition. But given the macro, what are your thoughts on this? 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
So again, if you look at our Essentials basket, 70% of our Essentials business primarily is in 
domestic. And while we all talk about the macro for chemicals globally, India in that sense still 
is a positive outlier because you do continue to see demand growth in India, whereas in other 
geographies that is certainly not the case. 
 
So given that has been our pivot in the Essentials side, I think we remain confident. And also 
with the cost position that we are establishing that we will diligently move, once the asset is 
ready, into FY '27, we will diligently move that into the market. 
Ankur Periwal: 
On the pricing on acetic acid, you expect it to largely stable between $320, $370, $380 over the 
near term, or probably over the near-term? 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
You are referring to acetic acid, is it? 
Ankur Periwal: 
Acetic acid, yes. That's right. 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
Yes. So acetic acid, again, I wish we knew everything, how things would evolve if I have to take 
a side step who expected gold to move the way it did. But that being said, what seems to be 
clearly evident is the price levels where acetic acid dropped to in the last weeks and months of 
close to $320, $330 certainly do not seem to be sustainable for the acetic acid producers. 
 
And that is where my expectation is at least in the short to midterm, it might not come back to 
that level. That being said, other things could play. But from today's perspective, that is where 
we expect somewhere between upward of $340 to that $360, $370 level is where it might float. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Secondly, on the Specialties intermediate part. Last year, we were around INR 9.5 billion of 
revenue. This time on YTD basis, we are roughly INR 5.6 billion, INR 5.7 billion. One, what is 
the breakup between the fluorochemical business and the Specialties? And second, while pricing 
is one part which is highlighted in terms of decline, how has been the volumetric growth or 
degrowth on 9 months? 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
So let me take the first element. The fluorination, our focus was to be closer to about the INR 70 
crores to INR 80 crores of top line. And I think we are chugging towards closer to be in that 

[page 11]
 
 
Laxmi Organic Industries Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
range. So that's the first positive thing because that's been an area which has been a heightened 
focus for us to establish that setup and actually deliver revenues and profitability from that setup. 
That's the first part to your question, Ankur, when we look at the Specialties base. 
 
What one needs to rebate certainly is the fact that close to about 10% of that INR 950 crores that 
we clocked in the last financial year was -- I mean just shy of 10% is what was attributed from 
the agro intermediate, which was phased out, right? So you need to baseline that at least for this 
financial year versus the previous financial year. And coupled with the element of the fact that 
you've had the moderation on the feedstocks. 
 
On volumes, if you look at the ketene, the diketene, we continue to be well utilized because the 
way we steer that portfolio, it is not unlike in Essentials where you have acetic acid and ethyl 
acetate. In the Specialties basket, it is diketene as a starting raw material. And then we have a 
plethora of downstream products that we can leverage that into with the asset-based flexibility 
that we have in our grid at Mahad and that will also be established at Dahej. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Harshil Sethia from Singularity AMC. 
Harshil Sethia: 
Sir, in the acetic acid, prices moving up is because of the trade rebates, which has been removed 
in China? 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
No, no. Harshil, no, that has got nothing to do with the trade rebates. That was done for certain 
of the agro products, not on acetic acid. 
Harshil Sethia: 
Okay. Sir, secondly, you said that there was a molecule ramp-up, which was going to start from 
Q3 in the Specialties segment. So what is the update over there? 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
No. What we had called out, Harshil, in the past is the agro product that got phased out for which 
we were supplying the intermediate that we had already a backup plan for that. And that product 
basically is in the qualification phase, and we will see sales from that manifesting in quarter 4. 
 
But obviously, that is going to be the first quarter and then the ramp-up would happen into FY 
'27. As we have also explained in the past, it is not a one-to-one substitute in volumes or 
profitability, but that is what we have referred to in the past. Harshil, if that is what you are 
alluding towards. 
Harshil Sethia: 
Sir, lastly, this new product will be from our Dahej plant or from Mahad? 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
Sorry, can you just repeat the question, Harshil? 
Harshil Sethia: 
The new product will be from Mahad or Dahej? 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
No, no. So this would be from our Mahad setup because -- as we said, right, so where we were 
producing the previous product, we had already mapped out alternatives because we knew 
eventually it would happen. And so we had mapped out alternatives, so it would be at a Mahad 
setup. 

[page 12]
 
 
Laxmi Organic Industries Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Nitesh Dhoot from Anand Rathi Institutional Equity. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Just to check on your comments on the anti-involution and the likely Chinese shutdowns. So 
almost 5 million tons of acetic acid capacity is getting added over '26, '28 period. So while 
recently, there has been an uptick on the acetic acid prices given some maintenance shutdowns, 
et cetera, but what is your thought of the overall medium-term supply-demand dynamics there? 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
So Nitesh, supply-demand dynamic continues to be long. What we are observing is, again, 
typically what you would see in a commodity business is where are you on a cost curve? So at 
the price point that acetic acid reached, which was close to $320, $330, you could certainly see 
that most producers were struggling to make money. 
 
And hence, you had some of the major multinational producers in Asia taking shutdowns or 
extending their shutdowns. To that effect, you had also some of the Chinese capacity, which was 
going off-line. So while, yes, on the capacity supply-demand dynamics, it is long. But at these 
price points, you are also seeing it is not sustainable to operate despite the fact you have capacity. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Sir, my second question is on the diketene derivatives. So how much is the spend there on the 
capex at Dahej for diketene? I mean if you could just give us some sense of whether you would 
be doubling your capacity or anything on that side? And how is the business expected to grow 
there? So any contracts that you might be having on this side, any visibility that you might be 
having if you could share? 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
So Nitesh, as we have shared in the past, of the INR 710 crores for the Dahej capex, close to 
65% is dedicated to the Specialties, which in this case, in the diketene and diketene derivatives. 
So that is your first part of the question. With the diketene business, I think that remains 
something which is close to our heart. That is something we understand very, very well. And 
that is where we have decided consciously to expand our footprint. 
 
As we have also discussed in the past, with the current capacity expansions globally, we will be 
number 3. We already today have the largest portfolio of 50-plus products of diketene derivatives 
in our portfolio. And to sort of conclude, we have had recent wins, and there are also ongoing 
conversations with customers, needless to say. Customers are also viewing us positively because 
we become very uniquely positioned that we are the only fully integrated supplier from India or 
even globally to that extent to a certain level across 2 sites. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Just one last, if I may squeeze in. On the fluorochem project, we had indicated that we would be 
doing close to about INR 80 crores top line in FY '26. So any sense of where we would be on in 
the 9-month period there? 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
We are on track on that one, Nitesh. And that is what is continuing to give us confidence as we 
move across. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Chetan Doshi, an individual investor. 

[page 13]
 
 
Laxmi Organic Industries Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
Chetan Doshi: 
Sir, first question is that in the result you have mentioned that depreciation is -- there is no change 
in the method of calculation. So you mean to say that there is an actual loss of INR 2 million if 
you incurred as per the earlier method? Second question is regarding the Hitachi joint venture. 
There is no mention in the presentation as to what is happening on that project particularly? 
Mahadeo Karnik: 
So let me clarify on depreciation first. So we were at a WDV method of depreciation up to last 
year. And when we benchmarked across the industry, we see that all our peers are at straight-
line method. So we adopted that method. So there is definitely an impact to the extent what we 
have mentioned in the financials. So I will ask Rajan to jump in. 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
On the Hitachi topic, Chetan, I think we remain excited, and we remain on track. So no new 
news to share beyond what we have shared in the previous con call, and we remain on track. 
Now we are more in the execution mode. And again, just to clarify, it is not a joint venture. 
Basically, Hitachi becomes our lead partner. The IP and know-how is owned by Laxmi, and that 
is the way to view this. And it is not an exclusive relationship. 
Chetan Doshi: 
It is not exclusive? 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
No, it is not exclusive.  
Chetan Doshi: 
One last question is, you have mentioned that first phase of Dahej is already -- we have started 
the operations. So what is the current volume what we have done in this last quarter from Dahej? 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
So the Dahej investment, Chetan, is linked to a multiyear contract that we have with one of our 
customers who have also established their downstream product in Dahej. So our ramp-up is in 
sync with theirs. So they are also in a ramp-up phase. So I think it's still early days, but we have 
already got qualified, and we have already started supplying them. 
Chetan Doshi: 
So what is the volume, current volume? 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
I would like to keep that confidential at this point of time because it is also impacting how our 
customer is being viewed. So please respect us on that topic. 
Chetan Doshi: 
How much you expect in the next quarter? 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
No. It's a multiyear contract. And this is, again, the entire capex is on the base of a clear 
contractual take-or-pay analysis that has been established in close collaboration with our 
customers. I would not break it down into quarter. I kindly would seek your understanding on 
that. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
Thank you all for investing your valuable time for the con call today. So let me conclude by the 
following. Chemical industry, like we spoke about, continues to be challenging, but we are 
seeing some early green shoots, which is impacting, I would say, structurally how things are 
evolving globally in the chemical space and also some of the key actions taken by China. Our 

[page 14]
 
 
Laxmi Organic Industries Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
key industries that we serve continue to, I would, be stable to a moderate growth mode. That is 
positive for us with the new capacities coming. 
 
While we have seen continued deflationary impacts on key raw materials, in certain cases, we 
are seeing that pivoting positively. So we will need to see how sustainable that remains. Both 
our businesses, clearly, our strategy is in place. Projects are coming on track, on time and within 
budget. Our fluorination setup also remains on track. 
 
We are focusing continuously on our self-help measures, focusing on productivity, commercial 
excellence, execution excellence, cost discipline and growth projects. Last but not least, we like 
to reaffirm again that our Lote facility operates in compliance with all applicable Indian 
requirements, and there has been no discharge to the environment, and we remain steadfast in 
our commitment to transparency and continue to actively engage with all relevant stakeholders.  
 
To conclude, while this year and quarter remain challenging, as team Laxmi, we remained 
committed to geared to win and geared for growth. I'm deeply grateful to all members of team 
Laxmi and its stakeholders for their continued engagement. Thank you all. Have a wonderful 
day ahead. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Organic Industries Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
*** 
