[page 1]
 
 
 
Date: 26th May,  2026 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
2nd Floor, P . J. Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code:  544310 
 
Re: ISIN- INE00GK01023 
 
Sub: Intimation of  ‘’VASTU PUJAN’’ performed at the Company new expansion site at Plot 
No. 32- A, Suncity Industrial Park, Village Haripura, Taluka Savli Dist. Vadodara. 
 
 
We would like to inform you that on Monday, 25th May, 2026, the Company performed a “Vastu 
Pujan” ceremony at its new manufacturing facility situated at Plot No. 32-A, Suncity Industrial 
Park, Village: Haripura, Taluka: Savli, District: Vadodara, Gujarat. 
 
The ceremony marks an important milestone following the earlier Bhoomi Pujan and 
commencement activities, signifying further progress of the expansion project towards 
operational readiness. 
 
The said Vastu Pujan was conducted in view of the completion and execution of signiﬁcant work 
at the new facility, which is being developed for commencement of trial production of Resin 
Impregnated Paper (RIP) / Resin Impregnated Synthetic (RIS) transformer condenser graded 
bushings, funded through the IPO proceeds of the Company. 
 
The Company wishes to inform the following developments at the new project site: 
 
1. The Construction of the OƯice Building has been completed.  
2. The necessary plant and machinery have been procured, and the process of installation 
is going on.  
3. The Company has procured all major production and testing equipment, which are 
presently under the stage of commission and installation.  
4. The Peripheral infrastructure and development work at the facility are in the ﬁnal stages 
of execution.  
5. The Company expects to complete the commissioning process and related installation 
and developmental activities by the end of the ﬁrst quarter of FY 2026-27, and 
accordingly, a trial production is expected to commence during the second quarter of FY 
2026-27. 
 
 
 
[page 2]
 
 
 
 
 
This development reﬂects the Company’s continued progress in implementation of its expansion 
project and utilization of IPO proceeds towards capacity enhancement. 
 
You are requested to take the above information on record. 
 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For Yash Highvoltage Limited 
 
 
 
Tushar J. Lakhmapurkar 
Company Secretary & Compliance OƯicer 
