
===== PAGE 1 =====
yA AnieCH AARTECH tan 
  
Date: 015t June, 2026 
To, To, 
The Manager The General Manager 
Listing Department The Corporate Relationship Dept. 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G-Block Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai - 400 051 Mumbai - 400 001 
Email: cmlist@nse.co.in Email: corp.relations@bseindia.com 
NSE Symbol: AARTECH BSE Scrip Code: 542580 
Sub: Submission of Transcript of Investor / Analyst Meeting held on 28" May, 2026 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 
Dear Sir/Ma’am 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, and in continuation of our earlier intimation regarding the 
Investor/Analyst Meeting held on Thursday, 28" May, 2026, please find enclosed herewith the 
transcript of the said Investor/Analyst Meeting conducted with investors and analysts to discuss 
the financial performance of the Company for the fourth quarter and year ended March 31, 2026. 
The transcript is also being made available on the Company's website in accordance with the 
applicable provisions of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015. 
You are requested to kindly take the above information on your records. 
Thanking you. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Aartech Solonics Limited 
  
K nuj Reddy 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl: As above 
  
Address : Phone: Email: 
Registered Office : ‘Ashirwad’, E-2/57, Arera Colony, +91-99930 91167 info@aartechsolonics. com 
Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh, India - 462016 +91-73899 24734 compliance@aartechsolonics.com 
Unit #1: 35A/36, Sector-B, Industrial Area, Mandideep, FixedLine: — CIN: 
District Raisen, Madhya Pradesh, India - 462046 +91-755-2463593 L31200MP1982PLC002030 
Unit # 2 : Near Him Cold Storage, Sector-1A, Parwanoo, Website: 
District Solan, Himachal Pradesh, India - 173220 www.aartechsolonics.com
===== PAGE 2 =====
 
 
 
 
 
Aartech Solonics Limited 
“Q4 & FY26 Investor Meet” 
28th May, 2026 
 
 
 
 
Management Mr. Amit Anil Raje- Chairman & Managing 
Director 
 Mrs. Arati Nath- CEO & Director 
  
Moderator CS K R Tanuj Reddy- Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer 
 

===== PAGE 3 =====
   
Page 1 of 14 
 
Investor Meet, 28th May, 2026 
 
 
CS K R Tanuj Reddy 
(Moderator)  
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen.  
 
On behalf of Aartech Solonics Limited, I warmly welcome all investors, 
analysts, shareholders, and participants to the company's first -ever virtual 
Earnings Conference Call to discuss the financial results for ss the fourth 
quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2026. 
 
We appreciate your participation and continued interest in the Company.  
 
The Board of Directors of the Company, at its meeting held on Tuesday, 26th 
May 2026, approved the audited financial results for the quarter and financial 
year ended March 31st, 2026, which have already been submitted to the 
stock exchanges.  
 
“Before we begin, I would like to share a few points for the smooth conduct 
of the call: 
 
1) All participant lines shall remain muted during the management 
commentary.  
2) Following the management discussion, we shall open the floor for a 
Question-and-Answer session.  
3) Participants are requested to use the ‘Raise Hand’ feature or post their 
questions in the chat box, depending on the meeting protocol. 
4) Kindly identify yourself and the organization you represent before asking 
your question.  
5) In the interest of time, we request participants to restrict themselves to 
limited questions at a particular time.  
 
Please also note that this conference call is being recorded.” 
 
“Before proceeding further, I would like to draw your attention to the Safe 
Harbor statement.  
 
Certain statements made on today's conference call may be forward-looking 
statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws and regulations. 
These statements are based on management's current expectations and are 
subject to risks and uncertaintie s that may cause actual results to differ 
materially from those expressed or implied.  
 
The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly revise any forward-looking 
statements to reflect future events or circumstances.  
 
Participants are therefore advised to exercise caution while interpreting such 
statements.” 
 
 “It is now my pleasure to introduce the members of the senior management 
participating in today's call: 
 
1. We have with us Mr. Amit Raje, Chairman and Managing Director,  
2. Mrs. Arati Nath, CEO and Director,  
3. Myself, CS K R Tanuj Reddy, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer,  
4. And my colleague and Assistant Company Secretary, CS Garima Shukla.  
 
I now invite Mr. Amit Anil Raje, Chairman and Managing Director, to deliver 
the opening remarks and provide an overview of the Company's performance 
during the quarter and financial year ended 31st March 2026.  
 
Over to you Sir. 
 
Amit Anil Raje: Thank you, Tanuj.  
 
I hope I am audible to all the members here. It gives me great pleasure to 
welcome all of you at this first virtual online interaction with investors. 
===== PAGE 4 =====
   
Page 2 of 14 
 
Investor Meet, 28th May, 2026 
 
Aartech got listed on the SME exchange in 2019 and the Main Board in 2023. 
So, in terms of the history and roadmap that we have followed, I would still 
say these are very early years for us. But as a Company, I think it gives us a 
great deal of satisfactio n that we have been progressing organically while 
reaching out to bigger and very interesting opportunities, not just in India 
and overseas.  
 
In general, as we all know, we are living through very interesting times, and 
not just as a society, but as a nation and globally. There is tremendous 
turmoil that is impacting business operations in micro as well as macro 
manners  and keeping our focus on energy applications, we have always seen 
that we can add a lot of value creating value propositions that serve various 
customers with their pain points.  
 
So, I look forward to more on this as we address your questions and answers. 
But I think you would all be interested in a summary of some numbers and 
some more details, which my colleague and our CEO, Arati, would be shortly 
presenting.  
 
I really look forward to various questions that are in your mind, and I hope 
to get a chance to meet all of you in person in the time to come.  
 
By and large, when we are looking at our performance in 2025 -26, and the 
way we are looking to take things forward, by and large, if there is a 
sentiment I wish to express, it's very positive. We have a lot of things going 
on. Some of them are below the radar, and some of them are reflect in terms 
of the numbers and other things that ultimately get reported and evaluated.  
 
So, with all that context, Arati, if you are there, can you take it up with respect 
to the presentation? 
CS K R Tanuj Reddy Thank you, Sir, for sharing the business and strategic overview.  
 
I now invite Mrs. Arati, CEO and Director of the Company, to take us through 
the financial performance and key financial highlights for the financial year 
and quarter-ended March 31, 2026.  
 
Over to you, Mam. 
 
Arati Nath Thank you, thank you, Tanuj, and thank you, Amit, for a wonderful 
introduction.  
 
And I would like to welcome everyone, all the investors and the potential 
investors who would be on this call. I'm happy to share not just the financial 
overview, but otherwise all the developments as well. And questions are most 
welcome after the presentation.  
 
So let me begin this conversation by sharing that Aartech has been doing a 
lot of groundwork in critical energy applications, particularly. And we have 
been incorporated since 1982 and got listed in 2019 on the SME platform. 
And three years later, we got listed on the Main Board of BSE and NSE.  
 
Aartech has always been, you know, trying to solve the real-world problems 
in the field of energy applications, particularly. And over a period of time, we 
have also diversified ourselves into various other segments, which are 
catering to, again, very, ver y typical and, I would say, focusing on very 
particular points of the customers.  
 
In the last financial year, we actually revised our vision and mission along 
with our shared values. And as you can see, the vision is to become a globally 
recognized Indian multinational, multi -domain, multi -technology-oriented 
enterprise, delighting every associated stakeholder. 
 
As we can see that clearly, we are aiming for becoming the first Indian 
multinational to be globally recognized. Maybe we are not the first, but 
===== PAGE 5 =====
   
Page 3 of 14 
 
Investor Meet, 28th May, 2026 
definitely we would be contributing a large part of our organization's life into 
various problem-solving in critical energy-related applications. 
 
We have also formed the vision of our Company and, along with that, the 
mission, which is to solve the real -world problems, primarily in the field of 
energy applications, by providing specialized products, services and solutions 
to the end users.  
 
Now, this is where we are really considering ourselves to be a little different 
by taking the entrepreneurial risk in newer technologies. Over a period of 
time, we have realized that, to be a value-added organization, we just cannot 
keep ourselves satisfied and limited to only a few technologies in which we 
are dealing with.  
 
And constantly, as you know, we are constantly looking forward for newer 
technologies by understanding any problem which is coming in the real world 
and is to take the entrepreneurial risk. If we don't take this risk, then it would 
be very difficult to get a newer solution which will satisfy all the customers.  
 
So, we have taken this leap into the vision and mission for the coming years, 
and hopefully, we will be able to successfully meet the mission and the vision 
appropriately.  
 
Tanuj, can you take it ahead? 
 
Just a small brief about the Company that we have two manufacturing units, 
plus one upcoming in our wholly owned subsidiary unit, with around 10+ 
product lines and around 150+ employees, including contractual 
employment.  
 
We have two onshore locations, which are currently not our subsidiaries, in 
UK and US. Dealing in 15+ more countries, and we have a DSIR -approved 
R&D center, which is the Department of Science and Technology. It's a 
Central Government-approved R&D Center.  
 
Two patents are currently in our kitty, although they are presently in the 
application stage and review stage. 
 
Just a deep understanding of Aartech, that Aartech actually stands for 
“Always Apply Right Technology” and “Apply all the Available Techniques” to 
solve the real problems at hand.  
 
So, particularly, the initials of “AAR” are actually of the promoter, Anil Anant 
Raje. And we have actually acronymed it as “Always Apply Right Technology.”  
 
The promoters have given their whole life in actually building this thought 
and imbibing it in the second generation, which Amit and we are following it 
up.  
 
We always try and put this perspective in place for any solution that we are 
offering in the form of product or service or any solution to our customers. 
 
A brief snapshot of the Company.  
 
In 1982, it was incorporated and in 1988, we had our first operations at 
Mandideep, which is around 20 kilometers from Bhopal.  
 
In 1992, we became a public limited company. It was a closely held public 
limited company.  
 
Early 2000s, we actually formed one more location at Parwanoo, Himachal 
Pradesh.  
 
And a few, I would say, important milestones from an investor perspective 
were that we did a bonus issue of 1:6 in 2009. In 2010, we got approved by 
DSIR. 
===== PAGE 6 =====
   
Page 4 of 14 
 
Investor Meet, 28th May, 2026 
 
And particularly, that was an important milestone for us because we have 
always emphasized ourselves into innovation and R&D.  
 
In 2010, again, we did a bonus issue of 3:1. As closely, if we follow this 
journey, we would see that investors have always been our priority, and the 
prerogative of actually giving such kind of bonuses or having these as major 
milestones in the Company's journey does emphasize the fact that even 
though we actually came on the listing pretty later in 2019, but whoever were 
our investors right from the beginning were ensured that whatever benefits 
that we are getting in terms of our profits do get distributed to the investors. 
 
In 2016, we got approved by NITI Aayog, and we formed the first Atal 
Incubation Center in the Central India. This was also a major milestone for 
us.  
 
And under the able leadership of the present CMD, we could get some good 
traction in understanding the incubation culture, not just in Central India, but 
in the whole of India and overseas markets also, to understand where this 
whole startup culture is going.  
 
We also got a good first -hand experience in understanding the incubation 
culture because we were ourselves the incubators. And in certain incubations, 
we also invested some part of our equity, in their equity to actually get into 
the business. 
 
In 2018, we actually applied ourselves for the SME platform. And in 2019, we 
got an IPO launch. 
 
At a very first-hand stage, we got ourselves into the SME platform because 
we were pretty novice at it. It. And in three years, we actually could 
understand that what the IPO market is all about. And getting ourselves 
publicly listed did give us not just a n overview of the compliances, but also 
what are the expectations of investors at all levels.  
 
In 2021, we again got a bonus issued of 1:2.  
 
2022 was actually a good and an important year, just post -COVID, and we 
were also trying to imagine ourselves into various other domains which could 
actually serve the larger purpose of Aartech. And in 2022, we actually were 
the IDEX winner, which was the Innovative Defence Challenge, which the 
defence throws challenges at with a particular problem statement in mind. 
And we got ourselves fortunately, we were considered to not just apply, but 
also win this challenge. And for a particular problem statement, we were able 
to actually give our contributions. 
 
In 2023, because it was three years down the line that we got ourselves on 
the SME exchange, we got ourselves migrated to the Main Board. However, 
this was not for fundraising; it was just a migration that we did on the BSE 
and NSE.  
 
As I mentioned before, that we have two onshore locations, one in the UK 
and one in US. In 2023 and 2024, we actually tried to have some exposure 
of the international markets from a Company standpoint. Although, much 
way before that, we had already started  some exports in terms of our 
revenues. There were some exports that were going in such markets. And 
therefore, we decided to take some leap forward by incorporating a company 
over there.  
 
In 2024, we actually did a split in the ratio of 1:2, and our face value from 
Rs. 10, we cut it to Rs. 5 face value and also gave a bonus of 1:2.  
 
2024, was again an important milestone in our history because we again 
applied ourselves for another defence innovation challenge, and we were 
again the winners in that particular opportunity. Work is still in progress in 
terms of the problem statement.  
===== PAGE 7 =====
   
Page 5 of 14 
 
Investor Meet, 28th May, 2026 
 
And in 2025, we were actually awarded, by the MP Government, in a 
renewable and power equipment cluster, one parcel of land, where we would 
be doing manufacturing of particular power equipment and also 
understanding the renewable markets. And this is around 90 kilometers from 
Bhopal, close to Narmadapuram. Work is still in progress, and we are doing 
the civil infrastructure right now as a progress there.  
 
So, overall, as we can see, that every year has been very, very, I mean, not 
just, I would say, adventurous in that sense, but we have also tried to apply 
ourselves in all directions, whether it is in terms of new segments, whether 
in terms of new geograph ies, or whether it is in terms of new problem 
statements which are coming across the globe to us. We are trying to 
understand them, work on them and provide solutions. 
 
A small snapshot of the geographies where we are. 
 
And this is particularly where our products and services have gone. As we 
can see that we mostly started off with Southeast Asia and progressing to 
the Middle East and also to certain geographies in Europe and Africa. 
 
So, a very interesting combination in which we are actually serving our 
customers. Particularly, the new sunrise industries, which everyone is calling 
them as the most interesting, I would say, industries are defence and 
explorations, doing some work in renewables.  
 
We have been, you know, possibly, I would say, vintage in oil and gas, steel, 
and petrochemicals through our flagship product. Also in power generation, 
transmission and distributions.  
 
Certain services we provided in heavy engineering industries. Waste 
management was also one thing that some of our products have gone in 
various regions with waste -to-compost machines. And of course, 
transportation, healthcare, and IT also come up with a variety of our products 
and services which we are providing as of now. 
 
So, a brief understanding about our products. Our portfolio or our kitty 
actually includes various energy applications, which include the control and 
relay panels and the BTS (Bus Transfer System).  
 
BTS 2000 is actually the name of our product, which is actually serving many 
many process industries, oil and refineries, and power gencos. Fault Current 
Limiter is also a wonderful product which is in collaboration with our US 
partner, and we have applied  and served a lot of our customers with these 
products.  
 
AAPM, of course, is one of the highest curiosity that our investors have always 
posed in front of us that how we are coming up with that and so, Alternative 
Adaptive Power Module is picking up very well in the defence markets 
particularly and of course, we are constantly developing newer and advanced 
versions in that.  
 
Kranking Ultracapacitors, Oxto Flywheel, and Best Case. These are also a few 
of our products which are doing relatively well in their own sphere of 
applications. And Flywheel is still under development, but we are getting good 
traction in particular industries like data centers etc. 
 
BestCase is again one of our trademark and brand which is actually serving 
industrial plastic enclosures across various industries. This is one product 
which is actually serving the maximum level of industries right from retail till 
B2B.  
 
So, as you can see, that the five-year performance in terms of revenues and 
in terms of debt -equity, certain parameters have been mentioned here. 
Revenues have steadily grown year on year. And as of 25-26, we stand at 40 
CR.  
===== PAGE 8 =====
   
Page 6 of 14 
 
Investor Meet, 28th May, 2026 
 
In five years, we can see that we have actually doubled ourselves, and it is 
progressively growing on an organic rate of around 12 to 15 percent every 
year. 
 
We are happy to share that, in terms of debt -to-equity, we are doing much 
better than the industry standards as of now. 
 
In terms of long-term debt, we really do not have debt on our books except 
for some cash credit facilities that we are availing for working capital. And 
that actually makes us a very debt-free company on our books.  
 
And also, relatively, we are able to accrue a lot of cash reserves in the form 
of short-term and long-term investments. Equity has been stable since 2019. 
And when we got ourselves on the Main Board, we actually increased the 
authorized share capital, issu ed share capital or subscribed share capital 
remains the same. 
 
Return on equity - Now, that is something which all of us are keen to see. 
And over a period of time, the returns on equities have also been steadily 
increasing.  
 
And our purpose of understanding the investors and serving them through 
any kind of returns that we are able to offer, whether it is in terms of bonus 
shares or whether in terms of dividend, has always been our priority. And we 
have focused to give steady returns of around, between 5% to 10% every 
year. 
 
EPS seems to be drastically improved in 2025-26, and we can see the detailed 
financial breakup in the next slide. But overall, we can see that five -year 
earnings per share have been steady and good. 
 
So, as we can see that, if we compare year on year, FY25 and FY26, we are 
definitely at a much better page than what we were last year because we 
have not just achieved a record turnover in this year, but we have also tried 
to minimize our expenses and try  and discipline ourselves which is easily 
visible in PAT and of course, EBITDA has grown. Definitely seems to be 3x 
times higher because in 2025 we had incurred an exceptional expense of 
around Rs. 4 Cr, which resulted in a low PAT and a low EBITDA. 
 
Just a brief snapshot. Everyone can just go through it, and if there are any 
questions, they can be answered at the end. 
 
So, consolidated balance sheet includes our two subsidiaries – Faradigm 
Ultracapacitors Private Limited and AIC- Aartech Solonics Private Limited. 
 
The first one is actually in the manufacturing of ultracapacitors and all such 
related solutions that we are offering. And AIC - Aartech Solonics Private 
Limited is now into making some innovative products and solving some of 
our in-house developments that are required. 
 
Yes, earlier it was an incubation center, but now we have pulled ourselves 
out of that after five years of continuously serving the incubatees. Now, we 
are basically doing some in -house developments, most of these are on the 
prototyping stage and then we develop them and then through our principal 
company, we actually sell them in the market. 
 
So, consolidation basically includes all these three companies. 
 
Next slide, please. 
 
So, as we can see that on the cash flow side, we have, there are periods 
which are cyclical in nature where the cash generated from operations do 
show us a negative number.  
 
===== PAGE 9 =====
   
Page 7 of 14 
 
Investor Meet, 28th May, 2026 
But of course, because we have some long-gestation projects, typically most 
of our orders are 120, 150 or 180 days projects. For five months, once we 
get orders, we typically have to take this much time in possibly executing 
and actually invoicing them.  
 
So, as we can see, that the changes in working capital is a pretty significant 
number, and because of the kind of industry that we are in, it requires high 
working capital. 
 
Cash flow from investing activities have been a positive sign, and we have 
always asked ourselves about how to discipline and use the best of the market 
techniques to earn more from there. 
 
As we can see, by the end of it, the cash and cash equivalents were a healthy 
number of Rs. 328 lakhs vis-à-vis Rs. 168 lakhs last year. 
 
Okay, so now we come on some major breakthroughs and some good order 
wins that we consider ourselves fortunate enough that we could work on 
these.  
 
First of all, on the global expansion side, we got a good break in Indonesia 
on the Bus Transfer System project. It was one of the most trickiest and 
difficult projects that we actually got in place, as a competitor ABB was there 
and we could actually win that against them. That was a good project. 
 
Also, strategically, we have made our entry into various Middle East markets, 
particularly in Qatar and Oman. We have got some good breaks from utilities 
of Jindal and certain engineering companies like TRAGS in Qatar.  
 
We have actually tried to not just do a BTS Bus Transfer System from these 
utilities, but also Fault Current Limiter, which is one of our very, very, I would 
say, specialized product was executed for such companies.  
 
One of the major strategic breakthroughs that we could get was for our 
traditional business Control and Relay Panels. We were able to export them 
to China and Africa. And this is just the starting point which we actually could 
get last year. There are cert ain more potential opportunities, and our entry 
into Africa is now possibly at the right time when the whole geo political 
situation is not doing very well. But Africa is one country where we are hopeful 
that we would be able to put our foot in the door an d get more markets 
attracted towards us.  
 
Of course, on the expanding presence across Middle East, Southeast Asia and 
Africa have always been one of our forays and to actually why is it considered 
so special is because this whole market, where right now I'm talking about is 
influenced by all the European companies, including Siemens, Schneider, and 
ABB and therefore to beat them and to get our name not just to prove our 
credentials but also to do the supply commissioning and satisfactory 
performance has been one of our major breakthroughs. 
 
In energy storage and renewables, as I just mentioned, that we were selected 
in the Renewables and Power Equipment Cluster close to Narmadapuram. We 
laid our foundation stone over there, and we are expecting our first 
operations to begin by early next year . The civil and infrastructure work is 
underway, and we are expecting that that should be done in the next nine to 
ten months. 
 
Facility aligned with “Make in India” and “Atmanirbhar Bharat” initiatives. We 
have always tried to put India first. And I'm very happy and proud to say that 
Aartech is one of its kind, who has particularly given a lot of contribution in 
the defence sector by doing some import substitutions in Army and Navy.  
 
We are constantly working and making new developments and providing the 
customer with some good products which were never actually ever 
manufactured in India. Focused on next generation energy storage systems 
for renewable energy, defence, and transportati on. These are one of the 
===== PAGE 10 =====
   
Page 8 of 14 
 
Investor Meet, 28th May, 2026 
major objectives of our new factory, which would be based out of 
Narmadapuram. And as I just mentioned, that commercial operations are 
targeted by the end of 26-27 or early 27-28. 
 
As you can see that we are serving all the major refineries and process 
industries also, some major utilities. Some of the names are just mentioned 
there. Particularly, now what we are keen in doing is working on advanced 
SAS and SCADA systems, and we are also targeting to enter into the 220 Kv 
market for Control and Relay Panels. We are constantly working on 
understanding the utilities and their problem areas and serving them from 
here from Central India. 
 
Defence and technology innovation, as I mentioned, that there were two 
defence innovation challenges that we won, which was DISC 5 and DISC 11.  
 
We are also into the innovation of delivering rugged defence mil -grade 
solutions to Air Force and Indian Navy. We are happy to share that in the last 
financial year; we executed a few orders for the Indian Navy and also for 
Indian Air Force. 
 
So, EMLS for next -generation defence applications, which are the 
Electromagnetic Launch Systems, which are basically the launch pads that 
are used by aircraft from a small runway, particularly from defence ships. We 
have contributed; we have done some meaningful contribution in developing 
these systems. And last year, our product was approved by R&D Pune. And 
this year also, we are in talks for some advanced systems and some higher-
end products that they are interested to get from us.  
 
Adaptive Alternative Power Module - Successful validations and trials have 
been done at all commands, including Northern, Western, and Southern 
command of the Indian Army. And inquiries are underway, and we are 
expecting some good traction in this. There is also a patent that we have filed 
for this particular product under the civil -military collaboration, and we are 
expecting it in the next 12 to 18 months for the patent to come in our books.  
 
Continued focus- that has always been the mantra for Aartech, and we have 
yet still developed many products which are under the development stage 
right now, and focusing on getting them out to the real customer in the times 
to come. 
 
Just few credentials which are laid down here. 
 
Just a handful of our customers, which we proudly have served, include 
many, many - I would say - “who's who” in terms of energy and utilities, 
including NTPC, NPCIL, Adani, Haldia Petrochemicals, ONGC. 
 
On the utility side and on the Genco side, we have done for MahaGenco, 
BHEL, and AP Genco. And of course, Schneider, Siemens, CVRD, State 
Electricity Boards, and Indian Railways, of course, has been one of our major 
customers. 
 
Few of our overseas clients, as you can see, that some of them are from the 
Middle East, some of them are from Southeast Asia. And Dangote is from 
Africa. 
 
That's our team and thank you for being a part of this presentation. 
 
I look forward to interacting with you individually or collectively at any point 
of time.  
 
Thank you, Tanuj. 
 
CS K R Tanuj Reddy Thank you, ma'am, for the detailed financial overview.  
 
===== PAGE 11 =====
   
Page 9 of 14 
 
Investor Meet, 28th May, 2026 
We shall now move to the Question -and-Answer session. Participants who 
wish to ask questions may kindly use the “Raise Hand” feature or post their 
names in the chat box.  
 
Our first question is from Mr. Shailesh Jain.  
 
Yes, sir, you can put forward your question. 
 
Shailesh Jain Can you hear me, sir?  
 
CS K R Tanuj Reddy Yes Sir 
 
Shailesh Jain Sir, I am Shailesh Jain, I'm an individual investor and I'm new to the 
Company. I want to ask like among BTS 2000, Ultracapacitors, Control and 
Relay Panels, and defence energy applications - which segment does 
management believe has the highest long -term s calability and margin 
potential also what kind of revenue scale can these businesses realistically 
achieve over the next two years, and which product will give maximum 
revenue in this financial year?  
 
This is the first part of my question. 
 
Arati Nath Possibly, I would take that question.  
 
Thank you, Shailesh ji, for being a participant in this discussion, and I'm 
happy to answer your question.  
 
Particularly, how I would like to answer this is that every product has its own 
life cycle and its own trajectory. In the last, in early 2000s, I would say that 
BTS 2000, when it was just introduced in the market, it was definitely at its, 
it was getting good traction and was at its peak.  
 
Now, having done several installations domestically and in the overseas 
market, and where we ourselves call that our product is extremely, extremely 
rugged, and it would, there would be nothing that would happen for it in the 
next 10 years.  
 
Definitely on the revenue part or on the business segment, the life cycle 
changes from the product supply to retrofitting. Similarly, on the Control and 
Relay Segment, which traditionally has been our bread -and-butter product 
since the 80s, now advanced systems are now actually being procured by not 
just the utilities but by the EPCs, and therefore, this particular product goes 
in volumes. But there is very, very tough competition in terms of margins, 
and it's a very price-sensitive product. So, the only way to enter and stay in 
this market is to provide more and more advanced technologies in the product 
and be very, I mean, the end customer should be very satisfied with the 
service that you're providing along with the quality of the product.  
 
So, what I'm trying to say here is that there are different products who have 
different life cycles and different demands and at different times.  
 
Today, when we are sitting here, we all see that defence is one of the most 
sunrise sectors. And because a lot of emphasis is being given by our 
government for “Make in India”, definitely this sector looks very, very good 
in terms of, or potentially good, in terms of revenues and margins.  
 
However, the entry barriers are very high. In this particular segment, and a 
long gestation period is there for, which includes the trials, validations, and 
performance metrics need to be very, very strong. So now, this definitely is 
a good segment, but it  takes a long time. There are good margins, but you 
need to be totally, totally “Atmanirbhar” and these products need to be made 
in India and therefore it might take time.  
 
So, for us, the strategy as an organization is that we need to have a mix of 
all these products and use you know and give the right solution at the right 
time to the customer. The same customer might have the same product being 
===== PAGE 12 =====
   
Page 10 of 14 
 
Investor Meet, 28th May, 2026 
used, but in different applications, and therefore, to customize it and to 
provide him technology is what we basically focus at.  
 
Thank you. 
 
Shailesh Jain I just want to know like, some number value can be provided for these, like 
for defence, how much you are expecting? Like you said, the defence is going 
to be a very high growth area for the Company. So, any number, if you can 
provide, like, two years down the line, how much revenue we can make from 
different segments, something like that.  
 
I want some kind of numerical value, if it is possible to give further value. 
 
Arati Nath So, the estimates, if I have to give any number, sound very, would sound 
very difficult at this point of time. But the projections that we have done for 
the entire market at this point of time, the potential market size is more than 
five hundred crores.  
 
But let's say, even if we are looking at 1% of it, then obviously the numbers 
are in front of you.  
 
Also, we need to keep in mind that the technology is changing very fast, and 
we need to actually understand the pulse of the customer and the need and 
the requirement which is there at that point of time and to serve it.  
 
But yes, broadly, I can say that for Aartech, and to serve its customers with 
the kind of size Aartech has right now, the market potential looks somewhere 
around 50 to 100 crores. 
 
Shailesh Jain Okay, my last question is - as you mentioned, that we are getting some 
Middle East orders and we have won against ABB also. So, I want to know 
what sort of margins are we getting on those orders?  
 
Do we have to compromise in the margins to win those biddings? 
 
And also, like, as you say, the focus is on export. So, how much percentage 
of revenue will come from export in this financial years, in numerical terms? 
 
Arati Nath So, sir, to actually understand the export markets and with the current 
geopolitical situations, it's very unpredictable.  
 
However, from a target point of view, when I'm talking about our flagship 
product, BTS 2000, average margins are somewhere around 35% to 40 %.  
 
And that is where the technology, our technology, our platform which is 
getting used is the plus point that we are encashing right now. In this year, 
if I have to talk about the export percentage, vis-a-vis the total revenues, it 
would be somewhere around 10&, still 90% of it we are focusing from the 
domestic markets. However, the merrier the better, but it practically looks 
very difficult considering the present situation. 
 
Shailesh Jain Okay, thank you. Thank you. I will be in the queue. 
 
CS K R Tanuj Reddy Thank you, sir. Any more questions from someone else? 
 
Devesh Shrimali Yeah, hello. I had joined through call. Am I audible? 
 
CS K R Tanuj Reddy Yes, sir, you're audible. Please go ahead 
 
Devesh Shrimali Yeah, hi. Thank you for detailed presentation. It was quite helpful.  
 
And if you could sort of talk about a trajectory of our growth, both in terms 
of revenue, EBITDA, and the growth of the quality of growth, right For FY27, 
or next three years. If you could give a view in terms of, how do you see 
company growing over next t wo, three years in terms of CAGR and the 
margin range, that would be helpful. 
===== PAGE 13 =====
   
Page 11 of 14 
 
Investor Meet, 28th May, 2026 
 
Arati Nath Amit, would you like to take this up or should I take it? 
 
Amit Anil Raje Sure, happy to answer. May I have your name, please, sir? 
 
Devesh Shrimali Yeah, my name is Devesh. 
 
Amit Anil Raje Devesh Hi. Okay, thank you for your question.  
 
I mean, I would like to, I can, on one hand, of course, we understand that 
it's natural that as investors, one is trying to understand the trajectory and 
build their thesis on it. Where we are at Aartech is - I mean, I believe we are 
at multiple inflection  points. When I say multiple inflection points, what I 
mean by that is. That in this process of trying to build these very niche 
solutions that we have; we have always found that there is a certain bit of 
serendipity involved in how we find our sweet spots.  
 
So, to take an example, our Bus Transfer Systems, traditionally they served 
power plants in India. Later on, they started experiencing a pull in 
petrochemicals and process industries and the water industry. And each of 
these opportunities have a certain breadth and a certain amount of depth.  
 
We are trying to basically work on a principle of under-committing and over-
delivering. So, we don't like to throw a lot of numbers trying to make things 
look very attractive. But we have experienced traction, as you could see from 
the numbers, let them speak for themselves.  
 
So, what we are doing right now is a twin -pronged strategy. On one hand, 
we are ensuring that whatever we have built for ourselves, where we are 
finding customers, we are increasing the width and the depth so that organic 
traction can be more or less ascertained.  
 
And you can see that with respect to the year-on-year growth, etc., that you 
observe, even in the face of some difficult situations. On the other hand, we 
are also building our thesis on some very special maverick opportunities. And 
those maverick opportunities are coming our way quite speedily. We hope to 
catch hold of them, convert them into strengths and are building our muscle 
to address them.  
 
So, I would say to answer your question specifically, as far as the CAGR is 
concerned, whatever organic traction you can see from our numbers is most 
definitely likely to continue because these are, while diversified, it's across 
various domains which are all progressing reasonably stably.  
 
But I would definitely, you know, we are training our eyes on getting some 
inorganic growth opportunities, and I'm sure that would be really something 
that all the investors would also want to ultimately experience at our hands. 
So, I hope I could answer your question, although a little bit too broadly. 
 
Devesh Shrimali I got the gist of it. So, if we were to go back and look at our company in 
2023, we were doing about Rs. 20 Crore, and in the next three years, we are 
at Rs. 40 Crore. So, broadly, is it fair to say that a similar trajectory would 
continue? 
 
Amit Anil Raje You know, the factors that have resulted in this growth from 20 to 40 in the 
past few years is a mix of multiple issues. So, I'm not trying to make sure, 
you know, I'm trying to make sure that we don't oversimplify what we are 
observing.  
 
What we have seen is that, let's say, been a lot of investments from the 
government side in the power sector, which trickles down to investments in 
transmission and distribution. And that pulls our CRP in a certain direction.  
 
There's also when the government makes an emphasis on local 
manufacturing, that gives us an edge. When overseas customers, particularly 
===== PAGE 14 =====
   
Page 12 of 14 
 
Investor Meet, 28th May, 2026 
let's say Middle East, etc., have only started to build a level of receptiveness 
to Indian OEMs, the traction has begun to show up. 
 
So, if one were to just linearly extrapolate what we have seen in the two 
years, that's what I call organic growth. And I feel that we are certainly 
working hard towards achieving that.  
 
But I wouldn't be surprised, and I've seen that in my lifetime as my hair has 
grayed over the decades, some tremendous inorganic expansions that 
Aartech has demonstrated from time to time, just by the virtue of finding a 
sweet spot in terms of a product market fitment. 
 
Devesh Shrimali Okay, that was quite helpful.  
 
And also, one last question on capability side. So, it definitely seems that we 
have IP or credible solutions that are demanded either horizontal or industry 
vertical side. Now, as the growth happens, both organic and inorganic. Do 
you see the operating leverage playing out and our margins expanding? What 
I'm trying to ask is this year we did about 15 % of EBITDA. So whatever 
number you think would be appropriate for 27 - 28, as we grow, do you see 
these margins expanding growth quality, which is cash flows coming in as 
well? 
 
Amit Anil Raje Yeah, by and large, like I said, the growth happening in each different product 
segment reflects itself very differently in terms of, you working capital, cash 
flow margins and so on and so forth.  
 
So, Arati just mentioned that our flagship product enjoys a 35-40% margin. 
Obviously, that tapers down to a net of 10 -15% because of other more 
competitive products. So, yes, there would be, the point is, we have to 
understand under what situations are we able to find these opportunities to 
serve the markets at very healthy margins. What is the leverage? We believe 
very clearly and strongly that innovation is the leverage, you know, and we 
have led this innovation-led entrepreneurship value very dearly through the 
decades. What happens, therefore, is that typically when some opportunities 
emerge, most people may not even take those opportunities with a, you 
know, keep a distance from it simply because it's a very wicked problem to 
solve. And we still don't h ave enough confidence building in our ecosystem. 
To invest in the kind of things that need to be really invested in, things like 
R&D, things like patient capital, to build on these technologies.  
 
However, since we have tested those concepts to commissioning life cycles, 
we have many such investments in our pipeline, which we are actively 
surveying and building. And once they mature and they come on top of the 
radar, they are expected to play out very differently than what has happened 
in the past. So that's be the continuous cycle that we have designed. It's an 
innovation engine that ultimately leads to product realizations. And once we 
find the product to market fitments, that will lead to scale. O bviously, there 
many challenges in making that happen, but we are piecing each of those 
challenges together and addressing them in priority. 
 
Devesh Shrimali Okay, sounds good. Thanks a lot. So, what just the feedback if it's okay to 
share, I think what is clearly coming out is our capability, our innovation, our 
R&D, the ability to take risk. All those are very clear the way you are 
articulating. What is not c lear as an investor to ask is the trajectory of 
financial while you are not asking short -term picture. But as of now, in this 
entire call, I'm not able to understand that what is management aspiration in 
terms of becoming 100 -crore company at two years dow n the line. So, I 
mean, you know, please try to understand the other side context also. Just 
take this as a feedback if you can, right?  
 
Thank you. 
 
Amit Anil Raje Sure, sure. I appreciate that. And I, you know, in the past, we have done 
that. And I believe in the future, we would do that in the very same way. 
===== PAGE 15 =====
   
Page 13 of 14 
 
Investor Meet, 28th May, 2026 
We'll cross the bridge when we get there. And it will be all for all of us to take 
a look at and observe. Thank you for your feedback. 
 
Devesh Shrimali Thank you. Thank you. Bye-bye. 
 
CS K R Tanuj Reddy Thank you, sir.  
 
The next question is from Mr. Shailesh Jain. Please proceed, sir. 
 
Shailesh Jain Sir, is it possible to share the current order book in numerical terms and like, 
major orders is from which areas and Aartech is in multiple verticals. So, like 
major order is coming from which area and the current order book in 
numerical terms. And if possible, to share execution timeline also. 
 
Amit Anil Raje Arati, can you take that please? 
 
Arati Nath Yeah, thank you, Shailesh ji, for this question. 
 
As of the beginning of the financial year, we had around Rs. 10 crores of 
order book in hand. 
 
And as far as the number of bids that we have right now participated in are 
concerned, they are approximately Rs. 15 crores in value. 
 
Obviously, the timelines for the results vary. However, by the end of June, 
we are expecting that our order book should come to somewhere around Rs. 
25 crores. 
 
Shailesh Jain Okay, Thank You. 
 
CS K R Tanuj Reddy Any more questions?  
 
Well, since there are no further questions, I now invite Mr. Amit Anil Raje, 
Chairman and Managing Director of the Company for closing remarks.  
 
Amit Anil Raje Thanks, Tanuj, and congratulations on hosting our first maiden investor 
meet. 
 
I think we have a long distance to cover and, you know, at Aartech we have 
a very popular tagline which says, “Once an Aartechie, always an Aartechie.” 
 
In the past, we have always extended that sentiment to our employees and 
team members. But the feeling and the sentiment that we carry is that we 
are all one big family trying to make things work out and ultimately build a 
thesis, execute that thesis, and unlock value for our ecosystem, and in that 
process, unlock value for ourselves. 
 
So, I am very happy that we could all get together here and get this going. I 
think the feedback has been lovely. 
 
We understand that everyone would like to see things working out in terms 
of projections and in terms of numbers. 
 
My personal belief, and that is something that our team also understands and 
works on is that, you know let's focus on the process, you know the numbers 
follow. So, what I would invite everyone to reflect on is how many companies 
of our size and shape with in our ecosystem in India are looking to take a 
long-term call on focusing on innovation led entrepreneurship and is it not 
true that that is the very essence that ultimately enterprises need to build 
their strengths on build a solid foundation, build a bi g structure on top of it 
and then win the world. Wherever across the world these thesis have been 
truly owned and operated and have enjoyed investor support. You know the 
results are there for all of us to see. If you look at Taiwan, if you look at Israel 
and more recently China, of course there's a lot of government backing that 
comes there. You know these are essential elements that are needed to really 
get to the next orbit of growth.  
===== PAGE 16 =====
   
Page 14 of 14 
 
Investor Meet, 28th May, 2026 
 
So, I want to just close with this very clear you know statement on behalf of 
everyone here at Artech that we are definitely working tooth and nail to go 
to the next orbits and I hope to see all of you there.  
 
Thank you so much. 
 
CS K R Tanuj Reddy “Thank you everyone for joining us today and for your continued trust and 
support towards Aartech Solonics Limited. 
 
We hope the discussions provided useful insights into the Company’s 
performance, business outlook and strategic directions and decisions. 
 
In case of any further queries, participants may reach out to the Investor 
Relations team or the Company Secretary’s office through the contact details 
available on the Company’s website. 
 
Before closing, I would request Arati ma'am to provide some closing remarks. 
 
Arati Nath Yeah, thank you Tanuj and thank you to all the investors and participants 
who have joined in and what I would just like to say in the end is that Aartech 
and all its colleagues including the senior management, middle management 
and all Aartechies stand com mitted for the betterment of the not just the 
enterprise, the society at large but also the products and solutions that we 
are offering. We stand committed to it till the end of our lifetime and there 
on. So, I would also like to take this opportunity to t hank all the investors 
and their families who have thought about our company and invested their 
hard-earned money thinking that this company is you know of some 
importance to them. So, I would also like to thank all the family members of 
our organization and the employees who stand committed to us all the time.  
 
Thank you. 
 
CS K R Tanuj Reddy Thank You Ma’am. 
 
Thank you once again to all the investors. 
 
Stay safe and have a wonderful day ahead. Thank You” 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE. This transcript has been edited for accuracy and readability and does not 
purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings. In the event of any discrepancy, the audio 
recording submitted to the stock exchanges on 28th May, 2026 shall prevail. 