
===== PAGE 1 =====
 
 
DANISH POWER LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Danish Power Private Limited & 
initially known as Danish Private Limited) 
 
 
 
 
Registered Office: - DTA-02-07, 08, 09 & 10, DTA PHASE-II, PO Mahindra World City (Jaipur), 
Sanganer, Jaipur 302037 Rajasthan, India | | CIN: U31200RJ1985PLC003346 
Email ID: info@danish.co.in || Contact No.: +918947822222 || Website: www.danish.co.in 
 
To           Date: 10.11.2025 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G-Block,  
Bandra- Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai – 400051 Maharashtra, India. 
 
NSE Symbol- DANISH 
Subject: Submission under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Transcription and Link of Audio Call Recording in 
respect of Investor Call/Meet 
 Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulation 2015, we hereby inform that the Conference Call with Investors and Analysts held 
on 8th November, 2025 at 3:00 P.M to discuss the Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated 
Financial Results for the half year ended September 30, 2025.  
Further, in terms of Regulation 46 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the aforesaid Transcript and Audio recording of Conference 
Call is also uploaded on the website of the Company. 
https://www.danish.co.in/wp-content/uploads/2025/11/NSDL-The-conferenceEarning-
of-DANISH-POWER-LIMITED_08-11-2025.mp4 
You are requested to kindly take the above information on your records. 
Thanking You 
 
For Danish Power Limited 
 
 
 
Vimal Chauhan 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Meb No. A54984 
 
Place: Jaipur 
Vimal 
Chauhan
Digitally signed by 
Vimal Chauhan 
Date: 2025.11.10 
17:27:14 +05'30'
===== PAGE 2 =====
 
 
DANISH POWER LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Danish Power Private Limited 
& initially known as Danish Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Registered Office: - DTA-02-07, 08, 09 & 10, DTA PHASE-II, PO Mahindra World City (Jaipur), 
Sanganer, Jaipur 302037 Rajasthan, India | | CIN: U31200RJ1985PLC003346 
Email ID: info@danish.co.in || Contact No.: +918947822222 || Website: www.danish.co.in 
 
Transcript of the Earnings Call of Danish Power Limited  
 
Moderator: Dear all, welcome to the earnings call of Danish Power Limited 
for H1 FY-26 Joining in the call from the company are Mr. Shivam Talwar, 
Managing Director, Mr. Anand Chaturvedi, Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Rajat 
Jain, AGM Finance. 
  
Now, I hand over to the company for briefing.  
 
Shivan Talwar: Good afternoon, everyone. Moderator, am I audible?  
 
Moderator: Yes, sir. 
  
Shivan Talwar: Good afternoon, everyone. A very warm welcome to the 
earnings call for H1 FY-26 for Danish Power Limited. I am Shivam Talwar, 
Managing Director of the company. 
  
Thank you for taking the time to join us today. Before we come to the question 
and answer, I would just like to give a brief update about the company's 
results and the business situation. So, H1 FY-26, the company delivered a 
revenue of Rs. 211 crores against H1 25 figures of Rs. 163 crores, reflecting a 
29% revenue growth on a year-on-year basis. In terms of our PAT figures, profit 
after tax, the company came with figures of Rs. 29.31 crores as against Rs. 
20.73 crores on the last year, reflecting a 41% increase in the PAT figures. In 
terms of the company order book, as of the date, the company is sitting with 
an order book of Rs. 405 crores to be executed in the next 6 to 8 months of 
timeline.  
 
Further, with regards to the industry, we continue to see a healthy inquiry 
pipeline from one of our key sectors, which is renewables, along with that 
additional sector as well, which are transmission in the distribution segment 
as well, and we are also looking at the generation segment apart from 
renewables as well. In terms of our expansion, the company's first phase of 
expansion was completed in the first week of October this year, and the 
second phase, which is the final phase, which was planned with the IPO 
proceeds the company raised last year, that expansion is expected to be 
ready by the end of December 2025. 
===== PAGE 3 =====
 
 
DANISH POWER LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Danish Power Private Limited 
& initially known as Danish Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Registered Office: - DTA-02-07, 08, 09 & 10, DTA PHASE-II, PO Mahindra World City (Jaipur), 
Sanganer, Jaipur 302037 Rajasthan, India | | CIN: U31200RJ1985PLC003346 
Email ID: info@danish.co.in || Contact No.: +918947822222 || Website: www.danish.co.in 
 
  
Once both the expansions are fully live and operational, we expect our 
capacities to rise close to 11,000 MVA per annum for transformers. In 
continuation, we are also focusing on our export side of business, which was 
on the lower side till now, but this year we are expecting and already have 
orders in hand for at least 8 to 10% of our sales coming from the international 
markets. Going forward, the next six months being heavy for our industry in 
general always the company is always gearing up to make sure that we can 
deliver our commitments to our customers, which is one of our key strengths, 
and looking forward to a strong finish to the upcoming financial year. 
  
With these, I would like to open the floor for questions. Moderator, I request 
you to please take it forward.  
 
Moderator: Now we will move to the question-and-answer session. I will 
request all the attendees to raise their hands. If you have any questions, kindly 
raise your hand. I request everyone, if you have any questions, kindly raise 
your hand. Our first speaker is Mr Akash Jain. Mr Akash, you are requested to 
unmute yourself and ask your question. Kindly limit your questions to 2.  
  
Akash Jain: Yeah. Am I audible because I am having a little bit of challenge 
even in raising my hand, etc.  
  
Moderator: Yes. You are audible.  
 
Akash Jain: Thank you. So, I am a little new to the company. I just want to 
understand a couple of things. One is I think clearly growth does not seem to 
be a challenge for the whole industry, but there seems to be some concerns 
around a lot of supply coming in the transformer industry and some pressure 
on margins going forward. Even for us in the 6 months, there was about 1-1.5% 
drop in gross margins. So, can you really explain what has happened on gross 
margins in these 6 months and generally what scenario are you seeing on 
this?  
 
Shivam Talwar: Thank you, Mr Akash. See, in terms of capacities coming up, 
yes, since the industry is seeing a significant rise in demand, naturally, a lot of 
manufacturers are coming up with expansions or new greenfield capacities. 
===== PAGE 4 =====
 
 
DANISH POWER LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Danish Power Private Limited 
& initially known as Danish Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Registered Office: - DTA-02-07, 08, 09 & 10, DTA PHASE-II, PO Mahindra World City (Jaipur), 
Sanganer, Jaipur 302037 Rajasthan, India | | CIN: U31200RJ1985PLC003346 
Email ID: info@danish.co.in || Contact No.: +918947822222 || Website: www.danish.co.in 
 
However, for us as a business model, we are always very cautious in terms of 
what we expand, how much we expand and our capability to fill those 
capacities with the right orders. So, in our segment or the market, or the client 
base where we are active, the expansion that we are bringing in place, we are 
not facing any challenge with regard to filling up the capacity with new orders. 
In terms of margins as well, right now we do not see any significant challenge 
coming up. Whatever levels of operating margins we were doing in the last 1-
1.5 years, we are working on similar lines. In terms of H1 specifically, if you 
are looking at, usually, I am sure you are aware the industry is H2 heavy, 
especially for us. The bulk of our sales, revenue happens in the H2 segment, 
and this time, H1 was a little below our expectations in terms of revenues, 
mainly because of an abnormally high monsoon, which led to delays in lift 
ability, but there was no shortage or lag in the demand side. So, we are 
confident going forward. Once we come to the end of the year, our figures will 
reflect what we have been able to achieve in the last year in terms of 
profitability or margins.  
 
Moderator: Our next speaker is Mr Rajat. Mr Rajat, you can ask 2 questions.  
 
Rajat: Hello, am I audible?  
 
Shivam Talwar: Yes, you are audible.  
 
Rajat: Yeah. So, yesterday I saw the investor presentation, and you have 
mentioned that you are going to make around Rs 600 crore revenue in the next 
8-10 months. So, is it possible to get the guidance for the next 6 months? Like 
what will be the revenue guidance for FY 26, full year?  
 
Shivam Talwar: So, FY 26 we are expecting, we are left with about 4.5 months 
for this financial year, and we are expecting revenue somewhere between Rs 
500-550 crores.  
 
Rajat: For the full year?  
 
Shivam Talwar: Yes. For the March closing of FY 26.  
===== PAGE 5 =====
 
 
DANISH POWER LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Danish Power Private Limited 
& initially known as Danish Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Registered Office: - DTA-02-07, 08, 09 & 10, DTA PHASE-II, PO Mahindra World City (Jaipur), 
Sanganer, Jaipur 302037 Rajasthan, India | | CIN: U31200RJ1985PLC003346 
Email ID: info@danish.co.in || Contact No.: +918947822222 || Website: www.danish.co.in 
 
 
Rajat: Thank you. And after December 2025, once the capacity expansion is 
completely done, what is the peak revenue that we can expect?  
 
Shivam Talwar: Once the capacity is fully operational, in the beginning, there 
is some teething time that requires the capacity to settle down and have the 
right optimum utlization or full utilization, but once that is done, that is 
achievable, we expect somewhere around Rs 750 crore of revenue to be 
possible for the company.  
 
Rajat: Ok. Sir, thank you.   
 
Shivam Talwar: Thank you.  
 
Moderator: Our next speaker is Suruchi.  
 
Piyush: Hello. Hello.  
 
Shivam Talwar: Yes, you are audible.  
 
Piyush: Yeah. This is Piyush, this side. Hi Shivam, good afternoon. Just want 
to understand a little bit about our capability. Capability means when we say 
220 kV, 400 kV, there are competitors who are working on 755 kV also. There 
are a few players who are working with Power Grid Corporation or something. 
So, just want to understand the landscape and in this landscape where 
Danish Power lies. Right now, where do we stand and what are our aspirations 
on the capability side, higher side of the say, kV?  
 
Shivam Talwar: Higher voltage class.  
 
Piyush: Higher voltage class capability because we are doing this capex. The 
second point related to this is that we are trying to understand this all 
capex 3500 right now, and 2500 also proposed to be add by December, is 
this 220 KV only or we are going into higher voltage class?  
 
Shivam Talwar: Ok. So, both your questions are connected to each other. So, 
till very recently, we were mainly doing transformers in 3300 kV and a little in 
===== PAGE 6 =====
 
 
DANISH POWER LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Danish Power Private Limited 
& initially known as Danish Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Registered Office: - DTA-02-07, 08, 09 & 10, DTA PHASE-II, PO Mahindra World City (Jaipur), 
Sanganer, Jaipur 302037 Rajasthan, India | | CIN: U31200RJ1985PLC003346 
Email ID: info@danish.co.in || Contact No.: +918947822222 || Website: www.danish.co.in 
 
the 66132 kV segments. But the bulk of the sales was coming from the 33 kV 
voltage class segment. Now, the expansion that we have will be done by the 
month of December. We have expanded or upgraded our facility to be able to 
do transformers upto 220 kV voltage class. However, once you, whenever you 
set up a higher voltage segment, usually there are certain entry barriers, and 
it takes a certain amount of time period for us to get maybe a large chunk of 
orders in that segment. Therefore, we have made sure that the capacity set up 
by us is tangible. The capacity would be able to manufacture, which is our 
bulk supplies of 33 kV and 132 kV transformers but it is capable of doing up to 
220 kV segment. I think that is what you are trying to understand. Right?  
 
Moderator: Our next speaker is Mr Paras Cheda. Mr Paras, kindly give your 
brief introduction.  
  
Paras Cheda: Yes. Yeah. Thank you so much for this opportunity. 
Congratulations for the good set of results. Sir, I just want to understand two 
things. First of all, it was difficult to raise a hand in the meeting. So, I do not 
know if there is a technical glitch, but besides that, I wanted to understand if 
I am correct in understanding so far that our capex will come online 
completely by the end of December, and therefore, will be operational in 
January of 2026. Initially, there could be some teething issues. I do not know 
whether some sort of validation is required from customers for higher voltage 
class transformers and when do you expect, Sir, this Rs 750 cr peak kind of 
revenue from this overall expanded capacity to be hit? Whether that could be 
FY 27? It could be FY 28. That is one question from my side. And secondly, Sir, 
your outlook on the transformer demand-supply situation in terms of the 
market outlook for the next 2-3 years, if you can provide.  
 
Shivam Talwar: Thank you, Mr Paras. So, the first question, validation for 
higher voltage, yes. So, there are various ways. There are certain levels of 
testing at third-party laboratories that is required. Then the client also 
conducts audits. That is the second validation point that the client does. And 
then, third, you usually begin with some smaller orders which have a 
performance check at the site for a certain time. So, typically 2-3 ways are 
there on how there is validation when there is a new level of rating or new level 
of voltage class, basically, not rating that you enter into. For us, 220 kV is that 
segment and for that, we will need that level of validation.  
===== PAGE 7 =====
 
 
DANISH POWER LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Danish Power Private Limited 
& initially known as Danish Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Registered Office: - DTA-02-07, 08, 09 & 10, DTA PHASE-II, PO Mahindra World City (Jaipur), 
Sanganer, Jaipur 302037 Rajasthan, India | | CIN: U31200RJ1985PLC003346 
Email ID: info@danish.co.in || Contact No.: +918947822222 || Website: www.danish.co.in 
 
 
I think your next part was with the full utilisation, the revenue expected by 
when. So, we are targeting FY27- FY28 somewhere in the middle we are 
expecting that we should be able to fully utilize this capacity, maybe upto 90% 
plus, which is a high level of, optimum  level of utilization. So we are expecting 
probably FY27 might not be able to achieve full in that level. But FY28, we are 
fully confident that it should be able to achieve those levels and the general 
market outlook, see last year onwards or even maybe two years back, we are 
seeing a continuous growth in the demand coming from various departments, 
various areas and there are few logics that are getting this demand push. One 
of them is basically the push towards renewable or green energy, which is 
happening across the country. I mean, our country has set up quite massive 
targets and internationally as well. 
  
Second, we are seeing the push for the use of artificial intelligence and data 
centres where the power demand is extremely high, and that is pushing up the 
overall demand of power and hence automatically the need for equipment’s 
such as transformers and others. 
 
 Third, we are also seeing a replacement cycle that is starting to catch up a  lot 
in the developed countries, and some level of that is coming from within India 
as well. 
 
 Apart from that, fourth, we usually see how our dependence on our day-to-
day lives, the requirement of power on each of our homes is increasing, be it 
the use of electric vehicles or any of those factors depending on. So overall, 
there are multiple factors which we see are here and are here to stay for next 
at least 3-5 years if not more, which would mean a continuous rise in the 
demand for transformers and other electrical equipment. So, we see the 
outlook is positive, and hence our expansions are planned in that way that we 
should be able to scale up according to this. 
  
Paras Cheda: Okay, so just last query from my end. So, given your outlook, 
probably that implies limited risk to the operating margins, EBITDA margins 
I'm talking about, probably in the next year or two, maybe, given the outlook. 
And would it be fair to say that FY27 the revenue estimation could be about Rs 
650 odd crores in that region? Probably.  
===== PAGE 8 =====
 
 
DANISH POWER LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Danish Power Private Limited 
& initially known as Danish Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Registered Office: - DTA-02-07, 08, 09 & 10, DTA PHASE-II, PO Mahindra World City (Jaipur), 
Sanganer, Jaipur 302037 Rajasthan, India | | CIN: U31200RJ1985PLC003346 
Email ID: info@danish.co.in || Contact No.: +918947822222 || Website: www.danish.co.in 
 
  
Shivam Talwar: Yes, yes, that's correct. 
  
Paras Cheda: And for margins, you would be expecting similar stable margins 
for the next year or so. 
  
Shivam Talwar: See, it's a very focused point for us. The margin that we have 
been able to achieve in last two years, we are focused on seeing how those 
are sustainable and the company continues to make efforts to make sure our 
operations are efficient, our designs are efficient, and we continue to target 
those kinds of customers who are valuing the product for their quality and 
giving the price accordingly. The market is massive right now and there are 
various types of requirements coming. There are lot of places where price is 
the only criterion. You got to be the lowest and only then you get an order. But 
there are various places as well where the competition is such where the 
client wants to make sure a healthy balance between the price and the 
product quality. And for us, making sure our product level is at that level, that 
we can continue to satisfy our existing set of clients who are in that category 
and plus continue to target newer such markets and clients. So, profitability 
is a priority for us. We want to make sure that the company remains healthy 
that way, and it will remain our focus point for the coming years as well. 
  
Paras Cheda: Understood. I'll come back in the course. Thank you. 
  
Shivam Talwar: Thank you.  
  
Moderator: Our next speaker is Srinivas Changa. Mr. Srinivas, kindly ask 2 
questions only. 
  
Srinivas Changa: Am I audible?  
  
Moderator: Yes, you are.  
  
Srinivas Changa: Okay. Okay. Thank you. Very good results from Danish 
power. Congratulations. So... 
  
Shivam Talwar: Thank you.  
===== PAGE 9 =====
 
 
DANISH POWER LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Danish Power Private Limited 
& initially known as Danish Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Registered Office: - DTA-02-07, 08, 09 & 10, DTA PHASE-II, PO Mahindra World City (Jaipur), 
Sanganer, Jaipur 302037 Rajasthan, India | | CIN: U31200RJ1985PLC003346 
Email ID: info@danish.co.in || Contact No.: +918947822222 || Website: www.danish.co.in 
 
  
Srinivas Changa: Yeah. Looking at the sectors which you are serving, like 
mostly the renewable energy, the inverter duty transformers, how much 
margin expansion we can expect in a 3–4-year time frame? Can you give 
guidance? 
  
Shivam Talwar: So, you mean how much increase in the margins? 
  
Srinivas Changa: Yeah, yeah. Inverter duty transformers. 
  
Shivam Talwar: See, I'll be honest, inverter duty transformers, we were one 
of the first ones in the country to start back in 2011-12.  
  
Srinivas Changa: Okay.  
  
Shivam Talwar: I am getting some background noise. If you can mute till the 
time you're not speaking. 
  
Srinivas Changa: Okay. Okay. Yeah, yeah. Please tell me. 
  
Shivam Talwar: Yeah. So we were the first few ones in the country to start 
inverted duty transformers back in 2011 when renewables were very new. And 
over the years, we have been able to lead this market and make it one of our 
major markets. So now that till a certain time is there when the competition is 
limited. 
  
Srinivas Changa: Correct.  
  
Shivam Talwar: Moderator, can you please check where is the background 
noise coming in? 
  
Moderator: Yes, please.  
  
Shivam Talwar: Yeah. So, coming on to the point with respect to margins. 
See, every segment somewhere or the other gets with the competition coming 
in. So we are aiming to make sure that we can sustain these margins and 
continue with these levels. But any expansion in margin is purely subject to a 
===== PAGE 10 =====
 
 
DANISH POWER LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Danish Power Private Limited 
& initially known as Danish Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Registered Office: - DTA-02-07, 08, 09 & 10, DTA PHASE-II, PO Mahindra World City (Jaipur), 
Sanganer, Jaipur 302037 Rajasthan, India | | CIN: U31200RJ1985PLC003346 
Email ID: info@danish.co.in || Contact No.: +918947822222 || Website: www.danish.co.in 
 
lot of factors in the coming years. As I said, for us it's a priority to maintain our 
margins and make them any better possible. But to commit to anything on an 
increase in margins would not be right at this stage. 
  
Srinivas Changa: Okay, thank you. My next question is, who are the 
competitors? Where are you getting the competition? 
  
Shivam Talwar: Okay, so in IDT segment, we have competition from listed 
companies like Shilchar Technologies. And then there are in the unlisted 
space companies like Wilson Power. There is Crompton as well from the 
listed space. CG is there as well in that segment. And Atlanta Electric is also 
slightly active in that segment. So yeah, these are the few competitors coming 
in. 
  
Srinivas Changa: Okay. Okay. Thank you Sir. Thank you. 
  
Moderator: Our next speaker is Vishal Agrawal. Mr Vishal, kindly give your 
brief introduction. 
  
Vishal Agrawal: Hello. Am I audible? 
  
Shivam Talwar: Yes, Mr Vishal.  
  
Vishal Agrawal: Hi, Mr Talwar, congratulations for a good set of numbers. 
And also, it's very good to hear your first conference call. So my first question 
is are you going to continue with this conference calls and we're going to have 
this call every quarter?  
  
Shivam Talwar: Sir, presently we are publishing half-yearly results. So, it is 
sure that we will be doing half-yearly conference calls, definitely,. We missed 
doing it the previous time but definitely we will be continuously doing this in 
the coming future as well. 
  
Vishal Agrawal: That's great, very good to hear that. And continuing with the 
other participants who have asked questions in this call that there is huge 
tailwinds in your sector and there are a lot of demand for transformers, and 
===== PAGE 11 =====
 
 
DANISH POWER LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Danish Power Private Limited 
& initially known as Danish Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Registered Office: - DTA-02-07, 08, 09 & 10, DTA PHASE-II, PO Mahindra World City (Jaipur), 
Sanganer, Jaipur 302037 Rajasthan, India | | CIN: U31200RJ1985PLC003346 
Email ID: info@danish.co.in || Contact No.: +918947822222 || Website: www.danish.co.in 
 
there's a lot of growth. So we now have visibility from your side for at least 1.5-
2 years this CAPEX coming on board. 
So, when do you think, you should start planning for the next round of CapEx 
after you have utilized this new capacity to 80%-90%? Maybe in around 
another year's time, we can start thinking of that. 
  
Shivam Talwar: So to be honest, with the kind of demand we are foreseeing, 
we knew that the capex being done right now, we were having confident 
backing of our existing set of clients that we would be able to utilize this in a 
very short span of time. Looking into that. The company already acquired a 
piece of land a couple of months ago. I think 3 months ago to make sure that 
while we are closely monitoring the market and seeing when we need to start 
the next expansion, but since land is a critical component. So, we already 
acquired three months back in our own industrial area, where we are 
presently based, so that we can be ready as soon as we take a final call on the 
next CapEx. So, we are evaluating on a daily basis to be honest because we 
want to be sure that we are prepared whenever our next need comes in. So 
hopefully once we have good clarity, we will be starting up the next phase of 
expansion. 
  
Vishal Agrawal: That's good, very good to hear. And my last question is that 
the second phase is targeted by December end, so we are already in 
November now. So, is there any visibility that this will happen in December 
itself or is there some delay expected maybe to January or you are confident 
that we will start in December itself? 
  
Shivam Talwar: No, we are confident the delays were there before and a lot 
of delays due to monsoon and everything happened, but those are all clear 
now. We have good visibility, and we are confident that this will come up by 
the end of December positively. 
  
Vishal Agrawal: Okay, great, very good to hear that. So once it come in 
December, so how is the ramp-up happening? Like if it starts in December so 
by last quarter, Jan, Feb, March, how much capacity can utilize like 30%, 40%, 
50%. How is the ramp-up happening after it commences in December? 
  
===== PAGE 12 =====
 
 
DANISH POWER LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Danish Power Private Limited 
& initially known as Danish Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Registered Office: - DTA-02-07, 08, 09 & 10, DTA PHASE-II, PO Mahindra World City (Jaipur), 
Sanganer, Jaipur 302037 Rajasthan, India | | CIN: U31200RJ1985PLC003346 
Email ID: info@danish.co.in || Contact No.: +918947822222 || Website: www.danish.co.in 
 
Shivam Talwar: See, the commencement happens and then as I mentioned 
earlier, there are always some teething issues because there are new types of 
machines installed, there is new training that happens on those machines. 
So, the full utilization takes time. So, if I have to say specifically to the 
expansion coming in December, I think it's only by March when we will be able 
to start delivering products out of that specific part of the expansion. 
Jan and Feb usually would go in settling and then even if the production starts, 
the delivery comes only after 6-8 weeks as a minimum to begin with. 
  
Vishal Agrawal: All right, okay, great. Thank you and best of luck for your 
future. 
  
Shivam Talwar: Thank you, Mr. Vishal. Thank you. 
  
Moderator: Our next speaker is Mr. Rishabh. Mr. Rishabh, kindly give your 
brief introduction. 
  
Rishabh: Hi sir, am I audible? 
  
Moderator: Yes, Mr. Rishabh, you are audible. 
  
Shivam Talwar: Mr. Rishabh, we heard you initially, but we can't hear you 
right now. Are you. 
  
Rishabh: Hello. Yeah. So, my question was for H1FY-26, what is the split of 
our transformer revenue into IDT transformer, distribution, transformer and 
power transformers? 
  
Shivam Talwar: So, about 70% is coming in from the IDT segment, which has 
been the trend in the previous year as well. And then we have the 
balance coming up as a combination of distribution and power. Power is quite 
low as of now; it is mainly the distribution that is coming up, and then we have 
about 5% coming in from our panel division as well, the panel and automation 
division. That's contributing about 5% of our revenues.  
 
Rishabh: And just the other question was, you mentioned that most of the 
time in this industry, the revenues are backloaded to H2. So, for H1 FY24 and 
===== PAGE 13 =====
 
 
DANISH POWER LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Danish Power Private Limited 
& initially known as Danish Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Registered Office: - DTA-02-07, 08, 09 & 10, DTA PHASE-II, PO Mahindra World City (Jaipur), 
Sanganer, Jaipur 302037 Rajasthan, India | | CIN: U31200RJ1985PLC003346 
Email ID: info@danish.co.in || Contact No.: +918947822222 || Website: www.danish.co.in 
 
H1 FY23, would it be possible to share the revenues because we only have the 
full-year revenues of FY23 and FY24. So it would be just helpful to know that 
even historically previously the company has seen bulk of the revenues 
coming only in H2.  
 
Shivam Talwar: Sure, so H1 FY24, we also shared in the investor 
presentation. That was the revenue of Rs 163 crores in H1 FY24, while the year 
ended at Rs 424 crores. So that is giving you the same evidence. For H1 FY23, 
I don't have the data ready in front of me right now, but we can definitely share 
that with you. And the trend is always similar. It's not just these years from last 
many years, but this is for the FY24 figure I've already mentioned to you.  
 
Rishabh: Okay, and the other one was, I think, for the FY25, we did around Rs 
450 crores of revenue, and now we're looking to double our capacity. But I 
think at peak revenue, we are now saying that we'll get around Rs 750 
crores. So, the additional capacity which we are planning to add, it seems like 
that would add around Rs 300 crores of revenue. So, is the additional capacity 
not similarly revenue creative as the existing capacity we have? Or are we 
looking to enter into a lower revenue segment? That part was slightly unclear.  
 
Shivam Talwar: Okay, so there are two parts to it. One is that the additional 
capacity we are targeting certain transformers of higher voltages. As I 
mentioned that we have updated our facilities to 220 kV voltage of 
transformers. Although it is tangible with our existing as well. So that is one 
part. When you do go at a higher MVA, the realization becomes per MVA 
realization is slightly lower. But at the same time, the points also come in with 
regards to the optimum utilization or the utilization level. So when we did Rs 
424 crores, we were doing a utilization of more than 90% or I think, if I'm not 
wrong, 90, 92 or 93% of utilization, which because of the nature of our 
industry, that the H1 is light and we are not fully utilizing it and the H2, we are 
literally running over capacity. Hence, that realization level is, was very high 
in FY 24-25. Going forward, we need to see when we can get to those levels, 
whether we can evenly distribute our utilization, even H1, if we can utilize by 
targeting some other markets in a better way, that can also contribute. But the 
figure that I mentioned right now are considering a bare minimum that we 
know we would be able to comfortably have utilization of those 
levels. Anything above that is definitely what the company will target. But as a 
===== PAGE 14 =====
 
 
DANISH POWER LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Danish Power Private Limited 
& initially known as Danish Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Registered Office: - DTA-02-07, 08, 09 & 10, DTA PHASE-II, PO Mahindra World City (Jaipur), 
Sanganer, Jaipur 302037 Rajasthan, India | | CIN: U31200RJ1985PLC003346 
Email ID: info@danish.co.in || Contact No.: +918947822222 || Website: www.danish.co.in 
 
company, we always believe that it's better to commit less and deliver better. 
So that's one of the points as well. 
  
Rishabh: Thank you, Sir. This is very helpful. Sorry, just last question. So we 
have, we are deriving essentially like 70% of our revenues from IDT, just based 
on management's own estimates. How would we think about our market 
share only in the inverter duty transformer? And where do you think that has 
moved over the last two, three years, just specifically for our company? 
Obviously, the market demand is there. And we're genuinely excited about 
that. Just wanted to get a colour on the market share for us.  
 
 
 
Shivam Talwar: See, unfortunately, there is no published data. So, for me to 
give you a figure that way would not be right because it is not backed by any 
published data. However, there are certain data that do get published is about 
the number of, I mean, the megawatt of solar power generation plants that are 
set up in the country. So, if you go by that data, I think we did about 120 
gigawatts so far, if I remember seeing one of the reports recently correctly. 
And we have our installation base. Now it's almost touching 14 gigawatts till 
now it was 13. Now it's almost 14 gigawatts of installations in solar projects 
of our IDTs. So that gives me some indication that probably the market share 
is more than about 10 or 11% is my estimate on that. But as I said, giving a firm 
figure is not right because there is no published data.  
 
Rishabh: That's an interesting observation, sir. Thank you so much. And 
incrementally, do we see a higher than 14% penetration for new solar added 
capacity just based on what we are seeing, what the conversations we are 
seeing?  
 
Shivam Talwar: So this year, even previous year, we are IDTs contributing 
about 65%-70%, which honestly, we feel it is at a high level. As a company, we 
want to make sure we have a diverse portfolio. And although since we do have 
a large supply track record, which makes us have a lot of inquiries in the 
segment, but we want to keep it under these levels only. And one of our 
reasons for getting into other segments or other voltage classes was that we 
can make sure that we have other voltage or types of transformers which can 
===== PAGE 15 =====
 
 
DANISH POWER LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Danish Power Private Limited 
& initially known as Danish Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Registered Office: - DTA-02-07, 08, 09 & 10, DTA PHASE-II, PO Mahindra World City (Jaipur), 
Sanganer, Jaipur 302037 Rajasthan, India | | CIN: U31200RJ1985PLC003346 
Email ID: info@danish.co.in || Contact No.: +918947822222 || Website: www.danish.co.in 
 
also contribute to our revenue. So this is the level that we are looking to keep, 
not more than this.  
 
Rishabh: Understood, Sir. Thank you so much for your time, and all the very 
best to you and the team.  
 
Shivam Talwar: Thank you so much. Thanks. 
  
Moderator: Our next speaker is Mr. Umakant. Mr. Umakant, kindly ask two 
questions only.  
 
Umakant: Yeah, Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. A couple of quick 
questions from my side. Sir, could you just touch down a little bit on when we, 
I think the last we spoke, we were earlier guiding for top line or for F26 was 
around Rs 600 crore. And we said that with this new capex, we are targeting a 
top line of close to about Rs 1000 cr at peak utilization, which we were 
guesstimating it for F28. Could you just talk about exactly what has gone in 
the last 2-3 months that we have become very conservative on the guidance?  
 
Shivam Talwar: So, with regard to the figures for this financial year, as you 
would be aware, our expansion was running behind schedule. The one which 
got live in October was supposed to be live about four months before. And 
hence, that is the reason where from the touching Rs 600 crore, we are now 
looking at somewhere between Rs 500 crore and Rs 550 crore, because our 
previous year, we achieved Rs 424 crore. That was our peak utilization, and 
we did not have any further scope from that. And because our expansion was 
delayed, which was also informed as well. So that is the reason why we are 
seeing a reduction in that.  
 
And your second part of the question was with regard to the peak revenue on 
the full utilization after the expansion. So that point, as I said earlier, to 
someone else who also asked that, we are looking at figures with an optimum 
utilization and once we do have a peak utilization of 90% to 94%, which, say, 
for example, we did in the previous financial year, that definitely can shoot up 
our numbers and take up to those levels. However, at this stage, and also the 
other factor I mentioned about targeting the higher MVA, higher voltage class 
consumers, where we do see slightly lower per MVA realization is also a factor 
===== PAGE 16 =====
 
 
DANISH POWER LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Danish Power Private Limited 
& initially known as Danish Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Registered Office: - DTA-02-07, 08, 09 & 10, DTA PHASE-II, PO Mahindra World City (Jaipur), 
Sanganer, Jaipur 302037 Rajasthan, India | | CIN: U31200RJ1985PLC003346 
Email ID: info@danish.co.in || Contact No.: +918947822222 || Website: www.danish.co.in 
 
that may play a role out there. But the figures given right now are for optimum 
utilization, after the full capacity expansion. 
  
Umakant: So, what are you saying, basically, is that we can achieve Rs 1000 
crore, but just for our guidance, or just for our, you know, at a certain level of 
comfort, we are saying that we should be at peak around optimal, we should 
be at Rs 750 crore. Is that a fair reading to make out of it?  
 
Shivam Talwar: So the capability is there. I'm not denying that fact. The 
capability is there. And, you know, when we talk about the MVA expansion 
done by any transformer company, and especially in our case, when we have 
made the expansion, which is tangible, I mean, it is also doing 33 kV 
transformers of 10, 15, 20 MVA, which is one of our maximum supplies right 
now and also capable of doing 50 or 80 or 100 MVA to 20 kV transformer. Now 
that utilization MVA also changes with the type of transformer you make. I 
mean, just to give an example, right, if I'm making one transformer of 10 MVA 
with as compared to, sorry, 5 transformers of 10 MVA, which is 50 MVA as 
against one transformer of 50 MVA, the time taken in both is different. And 
hence your company's capacity in MVA terms also changes if you either 
calculate the utilization or you calculate the company's capacity. So there are 
various factors that play into it. But with the expansion, definitely the 
possibility is there to answer your question.  
 
Umakant: Okay. And the second bit, just to follow up on this itself, Sir, is that 
while we are talking that we are gravitating ourselves from the 32 kV to about 
220 kV is the new area where we are targeting to get into now. And as we 
transition our company towards that, would that also result in a higher 
margin? Because if we are getting a lower asset turn, we should be, shouldn't 
we be getting this thing on the margins at least?  
 
Shivam Talwar: So, again, as I mentioned earlier, 220 kV transformer, there 
is a certain level of validation required. In our industry, there is an entry barrier 
where a client will ask a certain level of testing, which is cost-consuming, 
which is highly expensive. Then there are audits. And the third is a client 
looking at some or the other prior experience. And if that is not there in that 
particular segment, there is a point where the client feels that, oh, you are a 
new entrant. And hence, to be very honest, when we make that new entry, we 
===== PAGE 17 =====
 
 
DANISH POWER LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Danish Power Private Limited 
& initially known as Danish Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Registered Office: - DTA-02-07, 08, 09 & 10, DTA PHASE-II, PO Mahindra World City (Jaipur), 
Sanganer, Jaipur 302037 Rajasthan, India | | CIN: U31200RJ1985PLC003346 
Email ID: info@danish.co.in || Contact No.: +918947822222 || Website: www.danish.co.in 
 
will need to probably in the initial times compromise on some other part in 
order to get that entry as well. So that's a very common practice for anyone 
entering a different or a higher voltage level of transformers. Our objective as 
a company is to continue to focus on our margins. For us, it is not necessary 
that we do a 220 kV or we do a 33 kV. For us, we want to make sure that we 
can sustain our profitability levels or make all efforts to better that. And for 
that, we want to keep a wide portfolio and a wide client base to see which is 
best suitable for us. When the demand is there, we want to be in a position 
that we can decide what is best for the company's, the profitability and the 
quality of order as well. 
  
Umakant: Got it. Got it. and so my second question was around the export 
side. So could you just talk down, so we say you highlighted that we are 
currently running at about 8-10 percent of our total revenue on the exports. 
Could you just talk about which are the key markets we are going to? How are 
we scaling up that bit of the business? And let's say 2-3 years down the line, 
what is our thought process? What that number could look like from current 
8-10 percent? Could that number be a sizable number? And how does that 
translate to, let's say, if we are looking at the business in FY27 or 28, what that 
implication could have on the margins?  
 
Shivam Talwar: So, currently, this year, we are expecting about 8-10 percent 
contribution from the export market for our total revenue. Going forward, 
every year, we are targeting a similar growth level. So if we have come from a 
very low level to about 10 percent this year, we are next two years, we are 
looking at eventually we can come to a level of 30 percent on the export side. 
That is something we feel is an ideal level for the domestic and export 
side. India, we are very bullish on our country's growth in the power sector, 
and we want to make sure we can contribute in that place. But exports, maybe 
next year, 20 and the year after 30 is somewhere in the range, is what we are 
looking at. But for us, again, which I mentioned earlier, be it exports or 
domestic, the focus would remain on margins. Exports, there are some very 
good, some are at par with what we are doing in India, and some are even 
lower as well. So, we want to make sure we can target the right market with 
the right profitability. If somewhere it gives us a bigger or better profitability, 
we would go in that direction.  
===== PAGE 18 =====
 
 
DANISH POWER LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Danish Power Private Limited 
& initially known as Danish Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Registered Office: - DTA-02-07, 08, 09 & 10, DTA PHASE-II, PO Mahindra World City (Jaipur), 
Sanganer, Jaipur 302037 Rajasthan, India | | CIN: U31200RJ1985PLC003346 
Email ID: info@danish.co.in || Contact No.: +918947822222 || Website: www.danish.co.in 
 
 
Umakant: Got it. Got it. And so do we have any target on the margins front for, 
let's say, F27 or F28?  
 
Shivam Talwar: We would like to see that we can have some 10 to 15 percent 
growth on a percentage wise basis. However, we are confident and planned 
in a way that we should be able to maintain what we are currently doing and 
see what growth we can get over it, considering how the industry is shaping 
up in the next two years.  
 
Umakant: Okay, sure. Thank you. I'll just get back with you. Thank you so 
much. 
  
Shivam Talwar: Thank you.  
 
Moderator: Our next speaker is Mr Raman KV. Mr Raman, kindly give your 
brief introduction and limit your question to two. 
  
Shivam Talwar: Mr. Raman, you are on mute.  
 
Raman KV: Can you hear me, Sir?  
 
Shivam Talwar: Yes.  
 
Raman KV: Sir, I just have, I'm from Sequent Investments. We are a PMS fund. 
I just want to, I just have two questions. One is, currently we have a capacity 
of, like with the new capacity coming online, we have a capacity of around 
7200 MVA. And we will be adding additional 2500 MVA, which will be catering 
to high voltage transmission, if I'm right.  
 
Shivam Talwar: Yes, the facility is capable of doing the high voltage 
transformers, but at the same time, it is also capable of doing what we are 
currently doing. So now, what are the current capacities which we are catering 
to and post the expansion? What is the high voltage capacity which we are 
targeting? One is that. 
  
===== PAGE 19 =====
 
 
DANISH POWER LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Danish Power Private Limited 
& initially known as Danish Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Registered Office: - DTA-02-07, 08, 09 & 10, DTA PHASE-II, PO Mahindra World City (Jaipur), 
Sanganer, Jaipur 302037 Rajasthan, India | | CIN: U31200RJ1985PLC003346 
Email ID: info@danish.co.in || Contact No.: +918947822222 || Website: www.danish.co.in 
 
Raman KV: And the second question is, I just want to understand the product 
mix. From the DRHP and from your annual report, I figured out we are mainly 
into inverter duty transformers. But with the new capacity coming in, which is 
which will also be catering to high voltage, will we foray into transformer, 
power transformers also? And I just want to understand the margin uptake or 
realization difference between these two segments.  
 
Shivam Talwar: So, currently, the bulk of our sales revenue is coming from 
33kV transformers. These are transformers that are utilized in the renewable 
space by IDT segment. There are also some small contributions of 33kV 
power transformers. So power transformers come in various voltage levels. 
So, some in that 33kV. And then we have contributions from the 11kV 
distribution transformer range as well. This is what currently we are doing in 
terms of how we are geared up for with the recent expansions coming in place. 
So, our power transformer facility capability would be upgraded up to 100 
MVA in terms of rating and 220kV in terms of voltage class. That's where we 
will be ready on the power transformer. Continuing on the distribution 
transformers, we would be doing up to 33kV distribution, which is where the 
segment stays in. And in terms of inverter duty transformers, they also remain 
somewhere in the 33kV segment range only. And that will also continue to be 
our line of business. Apart from that, our other division is control relay panels 
and substation automations, which we are doing for substations up to 400kV. 
So this is our capability summary, if you wanted to understand that. 
  
Raman KV: And I also wanted to understand the realization difference with 
respect when it comes to the different sizes.  
 
Shivam Talwar: So again, transformer pricing does not increase in a linear 
way, as neither the time to manufacture nor the cost. So, as I explained, five 
numbers of 10 MVA transformers would cost more than one number of 50 
MVA transformer. So the larger rating you go in, this realization slightly 
decreases. It doesn't work that we have 10 MVA, five numbers would be again 
50 MVA, but that costing would be more or the realization would be more as 
compared to selling just one number of 50 MVA. So realization slightly 
decreases as the rating goes up. 
  
===== PAGE 20 =====
 
 
DANISH POWER LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Danish Power Private Limited 
& initially known as Danish Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Registered Office: - DTA-02-07, 08, 09 & 10, DTA PHASE-II, PO Mahindra World City (Jaipur), 
Sanganer, Jaipur 302037 Rajasthan, India | | CIN: U31200RJ1985PLC003346 
Email ID: info@danish.co.in || Contact No.: +918947822222 || Website: www.danish.co.in 
 
Raman KV: Understood. And so my last question is, as you already 
mentioned, that one of your peers is Shilchar Technologies, which mainly 
caters to the renewable segment, and we are also catering towards the 
renewable segment, and we are also trying to start an export business. So, 
any guidance on how is you planning to increase your renewable segment 
share as well as increase your exports? And will this result in margin uptake in 
let's say, FY27, once you have a good amount of order book with respect to 
exports?  
 
Shivam Talwar: The renewables, as I answered someone else earlier also, we 
already have a decent share in the market. And if you talk about the overall 
installations, I think we have one of the higher levels as compared to a lot of 
other manufacturers in terms of the IDT supply in the renewable space. 
Exports are definitely slow for us. Right now, a lot of our supplies are going 
mainly in the domestic segment. 
  
As a conscious call to have a diverse portfolio, we are looking to see how we 
can have a healthy balance, which I feel may be a 25-30% export contribution, 
is healthy enough for us to have a diverse market base. So that's the reason 
we are looking at. Already now, you asked how we are doing that. Already pre-
Covid times, we had a decent amount of exports. I do just that. After Covid, 
our domestic sales picked up drastically, and hence the export turnover 
remained at a lower level. But we already have an established client base in 
various countries. We have pitched up to them again, and we have already, as 
I said, this year we are hopeful of doing 10% of our revenue coming from 
exports. So we are just restarting from where we had left during the Covid time 
and this is helping us. We already have a good installation base in various 
countries and we are taking it up to restart and increase those levels. 
  
And on the margin side, again, the answer was to what Mr. Umakant was also 
asking. The focus remains on the part that the profitability is sustained, as to 
what we are doing right now. And even exports, as I said, not every country is 
a higher margin market than India. Some are at some are even lower. So we 
are trying to see, I mean, for us, the order selection, one is the profitability, 
and the second is the quality of the order, by which I mean the entire execution 
cycle from start to end. Because our industry is entirely in a made-to-order 
situation. We don't stock and sell and it's highly customized. So you want to 
===== PAGE 21 =====
 
 
DANISH POWER LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Danish Power Private Limited 
& initially known as Danish Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Registered Office: - DTA-02-07, 08, 09 & 10, DTA PHASE-II, PO Mahindra World City (Jaipur), 
Sanganer, Jaipur 302037 Rajasthan, India | | CIN: U31200RJ1985PLC003346 
Email ID: info@danish.co.in || Contact No.: +918947822222 || Website: www.danish.co.in 
 
make sure that the clients are strong enough to be able to execute their 
projects on time because any hold-ups in any orders, even if it is a good 
margin order, it eventually impacts our profitability if the goods are lying for a 
certain period of time because it's not easy to divert one order to someone 
else because again, it's highly customizable as I mentioned.  
 
Raman KV: Ok, hello. Hello.  
 
Shivam Talwar: Yeah, Mr Raman.  
 
Raman KV: I just have one final question. Sir, during this quarter, there was 
an impact on our margins when we compare it YoY. Is it because of the new 
capacity addition which happened during the quarter, and hence the 
operating cost? Or was it something else?  
 
Shivam Talwar: So that had some factor to it, and then again, we are H1 light 
always. This year as I mentioned earlier, we still had growth as compared to 
our revenue, but we could have done better and we would not have seen this 
abnormally high monsoon season due to which a lot of our clients' projects 
were delayed, and hence we could not ship out our goods. Ultimately, I would 
request you to review the year-end numbers because that's where the real 
picture becomes clear when the entire year's circulation is done.  
 
Raman KV: So, 19-20% margin is intact for the entire year?  
 
Shivam Talwar: Yes, we are confident on that. 
  
Raman KV:  Thank you, sir. Thank you.  
 
 
Moderator: Our next speaker is Mr Kaushal Sharma. Mr Kaushal, kindly give 
your brief introduction and ask two questions only.  
 
Kaushal Sharma: Hi, Sir. Am I audible?  
 
Moderator: Yes. 
  
===== PAGE 22 =====
 
 
DANISH POWER LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Danish Power Private Limited 
& initially known as Danish Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Registered Office: - DTA-02-07, 08, 09 & 10, DTA PHASE-II, PO Mahindra World City (Jaipur), 
Sanganer, Jaipur 302037 Rajasthan, India | | CIN: U31200RJ1985PLC003346 
Email ID: info@danish.co.in || Contact No.: +918947822222 || Website: www.danish.co.in 
 
Kaushal Sharma: Yeah. This is Kaushal Sharma from Equinox Capital 
Venture and Family Office. So, my question is on your investment in the 
backward integration part. As per your annual report, I have seen that you are 
expanding backward integration via your subsidiary in sheet metal 
fabrication. So, could you please give me an update? What kind of capacity, 
what amount of capex are we putting in and what kind of limited expansion 
can we expect from such a facility?  
 
Shivam Talwar: So yes, we have initiated that process. Sheet metal work is 
one of the biggest bottlenecks for us and that is what prompted us to increase. 
  
Already, we are doing some bit in our existing facility, but we wanted to make 
sure we can have a larger contribution coming from our own setup, which can 
help us eventually do a better turnaround time for our customers. That's one 
of the longest lead time items, as well as it is an item where we do face 
maximum quality issues as well from the supply end. So in order to upgrade 
our quality and give a better turnaround time to our clients, we are setting that 
up. So in terms of capex, it's estimated to be roughly around Rs 20 crores of 
capex that is planned in that and the work is ongoing in that segment right 
now.  
 
Kaushal Sharma: How long will it take to operationalize the same?  
 
Shivam Talwar: It will take about six to eight months from now.  
 
Kaushal Sharma: Six to eight months. And Sir, do we have any USA license 
for exporting to the US? And if yes, will the company be able to pass on the 
tariff to the US customer with the export ticket?  
 
Shivam Talwar: See, for the USA, there is no specific license. However, there 
is a UL certification that some of the US customers demand, not all of them; 
some of them demand that. Currently, we have not taken that 
certification. However, we have done very minor exports to the US in recent 
times. But going forward, we are seeing that the inquiry flow has reduced, 
although since it was not contributing to our revenue. So, it is not yet 
impacting us in any way. But with the tariffs coming in, we have had some 
discussions, and we are seeing there is slowness in any new inquiries or even 
===== PAGE 23 =====
 
 
DANISH POWER LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Danish Power Private Limited 
& initially known as Danish Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Registered Office: - DTA-02-07, 08, 09 & 10, DTA PHASE-II, PO Mahindra World City (Jaipur), 
Sanganer, Jaipur 302037 Rajasthan, India | | CIN: U31200RJ1985PLC003346 
Email ID: info@danish.co.in || Contact No.: +918947822222 || Website: www.danish.co.in 
 
in finalization for the new projects and that they may have. So we were in an 
effort to increase our exports globally. The US was also one of the markets 
that we explored. But at this at present stage, with the tariffs, that is on a wait 
and watch situation for us. 
  
Kaushal Sharma: Sir, my last question. In general, how long does the 
company take to test its product under transition from lower KV class to 
higher KV class? As currently there seems to be a capacity shortage to meet 
the higher KV class demand in India for at least next two-three years. Two, 
three years as currently India has a leftover target of around 77,000 cks 
transition line and 5.43,000 MVA substation have to be met in the next two 
years. Financial 26 and 27 as per the NEP of India. So to manage the ongoing 
transmission being done in India, requiring higher class of transfer like 30kv 
and 220kv, 400kv and 765kV. Currently, we have a decent size of capacity. So, 
who can we expect? What can we expect? That the capacity will be able to 
cater for these kinds of markets. 
  
Shivam Talwar: So, I assume the question was what the timeline is for testing 
and validation for the next level of voltage.  
  
Kaushal Sharma: And this is a very lucrative market because we have a left-
off target. So, we'd have to meet out in the higher KV class. So, how are we 
looking this kind of market? 
  
Shivam Talwar: So, as I mentioned, we have upgraded our facilities. The 
expansion that we did is upgraded to 220kV voltage class. And in terms of the 
validation process, we are already started to some extent. And since the type 
testing process is where we first manufacture the transformer, and then 
eventually send it for testing. So, the timeline to do that is anywhere between 
six to eight months. However, the selection of what rating of transformer to 
which specification is the key part. Because the investment to manufacture 
as well as to type test is significantly higher. And as a company, we want to be 
sure that whichever rating and specification we are following right now, we 
would be able to have them as our initial set of customers and bank upon their 
capacity or their quantity requirements for the coming years. So, the timeline 
is roughly six to eight months from when we take that process.  
  
===== PAGE 24 =====
 
 
DANISH POWER LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Danish Power Private Limited 
& initially known as Danish Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Registered Office: - DTA-02-07, 08, 09 & 10, DTA PHASE-II, PO Mahindra World City (Jaipur), 
Sanganer, Jaipur 302037 Rajasthan, India | | CIN: U31200RJ1985PLC003346 
Email ID: info@danish.co.in || Contact No.: +918947822222 || Website: www.danish.co.in 
 
Kaushal Sharma: So, sir, have we done any type testing for any customer or 
are we in the process to do that? 
  
Shivam Talwar: So, we are in process. So first we have to manufacture the 
product as per that. And then it goes for type testing to a third-party 
laboratory. So, it's yet to be done. We have begun the study process as to what 
specification we need to manufacture. 
  
Kaushal Sharma: Okay Sir. Thank you very much for answering the question. 
And best of luck. Thank you. Thank you. Mr. Kaushal. 
  
Moderator: Our next speaker is Mr. Akash. Mr. Akash, kindly give your brief 
introduction and ask only two questions.  
  
Mr. Akash. Mr. Akash, you are not audible. Mr. Akash, you have been 
unmuted. Kindly raise your questions.  
  
Shivam Talwar: I think we can move to the next. Maybe he has some 
technical issue. 
  
Moderator: Our next speaker is Mr Rahul. Mr Rahul, kindly give your brief 
introduction and ask only two questions.  
  
Shivam Talwar: Mr Rahul, are you there? We are not able to hear you.  
  
Moderator: Mr. Rahul. You have been unmuted. It seems like he is having a 
technical issue. We'll now move to the next speaker. 
  
Our next speaker is Mr Sahil Raj. Mr Sahil, kindly give your brief introduction 
and ask only two questions.  
  
Sahil Raj: Am I audible now, Sir?  
  
Shivam Talwar: Yes, you're audible.  
  
Sahil Raj: Sir, just one question I have. So, there is a lot of chatter going 
around that transformers and maybe even in the renewable energy 
===== PAGE 25 =====
 
 
DANISH POWER LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Danish Power Private Limited 
& initially known as Danish Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Registered Office: - DTA-02-07, 08, 09 & 10, DTA PHASE-II, PO Mahindra World City (Jaipur), 
Sanganer, Jaipur 302037 Rajasthan, India | | CIN: U31200RJ1985PLC003346 
Email ID: info@danish.co.in || Contact No.: +918947822222 || Website: www.danish.co.in 
 
companies are all expanding their capacities. So, there is a notion going on 
that we will outpace the demand by the capacity that is installed by all of 
these players. So, how true is that on the ground and what are your thoughts 
on that? That's all. 
  
Shivam Talwar: See, demand and supply both are at this stage. I mean if you 
really see at any data with regard to the available supply, yes, probably in the 
listed space, there is published data. But in the unlisted space also there are 
also some happenings. But in reality, there is no specific confirmed data 
available with regard to what level of supplies are coming in. The charter does 
come in every now and then. I agree to you. However, when we see our set of 
inquiries coming in, the set of demands from our existing clients, if we which 
we are in regular touch and we keep forecasting and with regards to the same, 
the level of expansion that we do, we do it very cautiously to make sure that 
we are able to fill that expansion with the orders on an as early as possible 
basis. 
  
So there is that news. I don't deny that. But when we come to the ground and 
right now, if we see the level of orders that we have, the level of inquiry base 
that we have, we right now don't see that the supply is in excess. And hence, 
right now, we don't foresee any challenge in that segment. The demand would 
continue to grow, is how we have seen in the studies are all there to say. And 
it's not just within India. We have explored internationally as well. So the 
chatter would come in here and there. But as per our studies or as per our 
activities that are happening, we right now don't see any challenge in that 
segment. 
  
Sahil Raj: All right, Sir. And Sir, what is the current share of exports in our 
business?  
  
Shivam Talwar: This year we'll do about 8 to 10%.  
  
Sahil Raj: 8 to 10%. And what are we targeting to take it up to in next two to 
three years?  
  
Shivam Talwar: We are targeting somewhere around 20% in the next year and 
30% in the year after that.  
===== PAGE 26 =====
 
 
DANISH POWER LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Danish Power Private Limited 
& initially known as Danish Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Registered Office: - DTA-02-07, 08, 09 & 10, DTA PHASE-II, PO Mahindra World City (Jaipur), 
Sanganer, Jaipur 302037 Rajasthan, India | | CIN: U31200RJ1985PLC003346 
Email ID: info@danish.co.in || Contact No.: +918947822222 || Website: www.danish.co.in 
 
  
Sahil Raj: And all of these exports are direct or via some merchant exporters.  
  
Shivam Talwar: Currently, whatever we have almost 99% is direct. Going 
forward, in the next two years, I mean we are open we yet to see what kind of 
inquiries come in. If there is anything via merchant exporter as well as long as 
it fits all other criteria of ours, we don't have any challenges. But currently, all 
of it is 99% is direct export. 
  
Sahil Raj: Okay, Sir. And Sir, how do we compete with the global players in 
terms of price, in terms of quality, what are the differentiators of Danish power 
there?  
  
Shivam Talwar: We've been exporting since early 2000. I think in 2003 we 
started exporting. We have a wide installation base in a lot of countries. We've 
got back customers who are now asking again for orders, for our supplies, 
which means that they've been happy with our product. They have been happy 
with our services. So in terms of quality, we feel that we are at par with a lot of 
mid-sized global companies. Obviously, I mean, when you compare with 
countries like China, and China has all types of products. It has a low-quality 
product as well and it has a high quality good-price product as well. So, 
wherever we are competing, it's with a good quality, good price product. We 
don't work where price is the only criterion. So that way, we feel we are at par 
with a lot of countries. And recently we've done exports to the European 
countries as well. We have done to the Australasia continent as well, which 
are places where if you are not of the right quality and obviously the right price, 
you cannot get orders there. 
  
Sahil Raj: All right, Sir. Final question on the CRGO thing. There are some talks 
from some players that CRGO pricing is constantly going down and the supply 
side is also facing some issues. So, is that thing correct? Have you faced 
anything similar?  
  
Shivam Talwar: The price is down from before, definitely. I think we had a 
significant rise in the pricing last year which was due to the BIS licenses not 
being renewed for certain overseas players which led to a shortage in the 
country, and hence the prices had risen abnormally high. That situation had 
===== PAGE 27 =====
 
 
DANISH POWER LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Danish Power Private Limited 
& initially known as Danish Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Registered Office: - DTA-02-07, 08, 09 & 10, DTA PHASE-II, PO Mahindra World City (Jaipur), 
Sanganer, Jaipur 302037 Rajasthan, India | | CIN: U31200RJ1985PLC003346 
Email ID: info@danish.co.in || Contact No.: +918947822222 || Website: www.danish.co.in 
 
eased out, the licenses were granted again, and they were even renewed 
again in, in July this year. So that is definitely brought the pricing back to 
normal levels which probably on a personal level, I would say are the right 
pricing for CRGO. So right now, it's at a good level, which is healthy for the 
industry, I feel. I mean abnormal rise, abnormally high or even abnormally 
low, both are difficult situations for either the CRGO producers or even for 
transform manufacturers. So, I think it's a healthy pricing right now, which is 
making sense for everyone.  
  
Sahil Raj: Sir, can you quantify the pricing in terms of kg? What is the current 
prevalent price that you say?  
  
Shivam Talwar: Sahil, there are various grades that come in a CRGO.  
  
Sahil Raj: The one that Danish uses for that.  
  
Shivam Talwar: Exactly. Even Danish uses various grades because there are 
various specifications that come to us. There are some customers with a very 
high efficiency demand. Some are at a mid-level, and therefore we have to use 
the grade as per the client specification. So we are ourselves using all types 
of grades of CRGO, be it low loss. But the pricing idea to give you a high 
efficiency CRGO right now is somewhere around $3,000 a ton. And when we 
are talking about a lower efficiency level, that around $2,000-$2,200. So, 
between $2000 to $3,000 a ton is the pricing varying for various grades of 
CRGO. 
  
Sahil Raj: All right, Sir. Thank you very much for answering. Thank you.  
  
Shivam Talwar: Thank you.  
  
Moderator: Our Next speaker is Mr. Sandeep Kumar Patwa. Mr. Sandeep, 
kindly give your brief introduction and ask only two questions.  
  
Sandeep Kumar Patwa: So, my first question is regarding the order book or 
order pipeline. Like as you mentioned, like H1 was a very, you know, due to 
the extended monsoon. So, how was the order inflow in the H1 and currently, 
how is the order pipeline for the next six months?  
===== PAGE 28 =====
 
 
DANISH POWER LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Danish Power Private Limited 
& initially known as Danish Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Registered Office: - DTA-02-07, 08, 09 & 10, DTA PHASE-II, PO Mahindra World City (Jaipur), 
Sanganer, Jaipur 302037 Rajasthan, India | | CIN: U31200RJ1985PLC003346 
Email ID: info@danish.co.in || Contact No.: +918947822222 || Website: www.danish.co.in 
 
  
Shivam Talwar: So, the order inflow was definitely good because we have 
orders for the next six to eight months. Currently, the order book is at Rs 405 
crores which is confirmed orders with us. And we have a large inquiry pipeline 
ongoing, which would be finalized in the next one to three months, depending 
on every project, every customer. So that is where we are right now.  
  
Sandeep Kumar Patwa: Like in terms of numbers, can you quantify like how 
much we have already bid and how much will be converted? I mean some 
estimate on the conversion ratio, or like bidding to conversion ratio like on 
that.  
  
Shivam Talwar: Currently, the total inquiry base would be close to a 
thousand crores. I think Rs 800 crores- Rs 2000 crores would be the total 
inquiries that we have. Now this is a combination. There are private clients 
who have a direct inquiry. Most of our business is from that set of clients. And 
there are some sectors where the tendering happens, and they bid the tender, 
they float the tenders and then we have to bid for them. So now out of these 
Rs 800 to 1000 crores, as a company, we have to see which ones are following 
in our first delivery commitments. Because there are various requirements 
from the clients. Whether we meet those commitments are not as they 
remain. And that remains one of our USPs that we deliver as per the 
customer's schedule. So if we can honour those, we go for those inquiries at 
the first go. Second is our pricing, our level of profitability that we are targeting 
from any particular order. So we'll need to check how many we have quoted 
out of those. But your question on the conversion rate. So the conversion rate 
is when we evaluate it, typically to the ones we have quoted, and we have 
shown interest against how many we get. And that usually varies from time to 
time. I'm being very honest, but still, anywhere between 20% to 30% does get 
converted because usually we go for specific targeted inquiries only and not 
just port everywhere. 
  
Sandeep Kumar Patwa: Okay. And in this order, pipeline, like how much is 
the government sector and like how much is the private sector? Like any ratio 
or any mix?  
  
Shivam Talwar: 90% is the private sector.  
===== PAGE 29 =====
 
 
DANISH POWER LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Danish Power Private Limited 
& initially known as Danish Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Registered Office: - DTA-02-07, 08, 09 & 10, DTA PHASE-II, PO Mahindra World City (Jaipur), 
Sanganer, Jaipur 302037 Rajasthan, India | | CIN: U31200RJ1985PLC003346 
Email ID: info@danish.co.in || Contact No.: +918947822222 || Website: www.danish.co.in 
 
  
Sandeep Kumar Patwa: So, like we are not catering to like government 
tenders or like something like utilities.  
  
Shivam Talwar: Very, very minimum, very limited. So, like companies like we 
do, which are government or public-private partnership, is like who have a 
joint venture with the government, but purely government is less like the 
discoms of the government-owned. We face issues with respect to some 
payment delays, and cycles of that. So, we usually are more focused on the 
private sector of the business. 
  
Sandeep Kumar Patwa: Okay. And my second question is regarding like in 
terms of FY27, can you give some percentage growth, how much we will do 
like, like around 20% to 30% CAGR growth. Are we targeting for FY27 in terms 
of revenue growth?  
  
Shivam Talwar: Yes. So typically, that is the level we are doing year on year 
right now, and that is what we are targeting on the revenue side as well. 
  
Sandeep Kumar Patwa: Okay. And this in terms of this incremental capacity, 
which will be operational by December. So, like have we like to have we 
started looking for orders against this additional capacity also?  
  
Shivam Talwar: Yes. So, we have orders in hand for deliveries in the next six 
to eight months, which means that this capacity gets ready and then we can 
bring something into manufacturing by the end of January or February. So 
definitely this is already counted for any of the orders or the commitments we 
are doing to our customers. This expansion is already considered in that. 
  
Sandeep Kumar Patwa: Okay, sure, sure. Thank you.  
  
Shivam Talwar: Thank you.  
  
Moderator: Our next speaker is Rohan Karhale. Mr. Rohan, kindly give your 
brief introduction and ask only two questions.  
  
===== PAGE 30 =====
 
 
DANISH POWER LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Danish Power Private Limited 
& initially known as Danish Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Registered Office: - DTA-02-07, 08, 09 & 10, DTA PHASE-II, PO Mahindra World City (Jaipur), 
Sanganer, Jaipur 302037 Rajasthan, India | | CIN: U31200RJ1985PLC003346 
Email ID: info@danish.co.in || Contact No.: +918947822222 || Website: www.danish.co.in 
 
Rohan Karhale: Yeah. Good evening, Sir. Congratulations on good set of 
numbers.  
  
Shivam Talwar: Thank you.  
  
Rohan Karhale: Just one question. Any plans to go for the main board?  
  
Shivam Talwar: Sir, as much as I understand, there is a certain timeline of 
about three years from the SME board to the main board. We have completed 
one year of our listing on the SME board. So, there is as per the the guidelines, 
there is still two years there. Once that timeline is there, definitely we would 
look in that direction. 
  
Rohan Karhale: Okay. I think the rest of all queries are answered.  
  
Shivam Talwar: Thank you, sir. Thank you.  
  
Moderator: Our next speaker is Mr Pramod Kumar. Mr. Pramod, kindly give 
your brief introduction and ask only two questions.  
  
Pramod Kumar: Hello, sir. Am I audible, sir?  
  
Moderator: Yes.  
  
Pramod Kumar: Yeah. Thank you for the results and conducting con-call, Sir. 
Appreciable. So I just want to know, like what is the guidance for FY26? Sorry, 
I joined a little late. That is my first question. Also like, do we see tailwinds 
from you know, in the transmission sector going forward and while you know. 
Sir, just give me a second. I'm audible. Sorry for.  
  
Shivam Talwar: Yeah. Mr Pramod, there is some background noise coming in 
and we could not understand your questions. 
  
Pramod Kumar: Just give me a second, Sir. Just give me a second. Sorry, my 
question is like I joined a little late. I just want to know what the guidance is 
for FY26. I'm not sure if that is already been discussed. That is my first 
question also. My second question is do we see the structural tailwinds we 
===== PAGE 31 =====
 
 
DANISH POWER LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Danish Power Private Limited 
& initially known as Danish Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Registered Office: - DTA-02-07, 08, 09 & 10, DTA PHASE-II, PO Mahindra World City (Jaipur), 
Sanganer, Jaipur 302037 Rajasthan, India | | CIN: U31200RJ1985PLC003346 
Email ID: info@danish.co.in || Contact No.: +918947822222 || Website: www.danish.co.in 
 
are seeing from the last couple of years in transmission sector and the 
transformer sector? So, going forward, are we expecting the same, and also 
what support are you getting from the government? So that is my two 
questions. Thank you.  
  
Shivam Talwar: So FY26, as you mentioned, we are targeting between Rs 500 
crores and Rs 550 crores of revenue. In terms of your second question of the 
tailwinds, yes, we do continue to see that right now. I explained earlier about 
the various reasons why that is coming in, and hence it seems logical that it 
would continue for. For at least the next 3, 4, 5 years, if not more. Your third 
part was any support from the government, and did I understand correctly? I 
mean, what kind of. What do you intend to ask? If you can clarify.  
  
Pramod Kumar: Support in the sense. Usually, they will give them some PLI 
schemes kind of right. So that you can get, you know, support in that sense. I 
asked that question.  
  
Shivam Talwar: So, we are based in Jaipur, in the state of Rajasthan. And 
Rajasthan has had its investment promotion scheme ongoing for the last few 
years. So, the Danish has done investment and expansion under that. So that 
support from the government is definitely there. There are various incentives 
in the Rajasthan Investment Promotion Scheme, and we have utilized that. 
  
Pramod Kumar: Thank you, Sir. I encourage you to you know, conduct the con 
calls every quarter if possible. Appreciate.  
 
Shivam Talwar : Sure,  We'll do at every time of our results. We'll definitely do 
that. 
  
Moderator: Our next speaker is Mr. Pratham Agarwal. Mr. Pratham, kindly 
give your brief introduction and ask only two questions.  
  
Pratham Agarwal: Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, I'm Pratham Agarwal, 
an individual investor in the company. I wanted to understand, have you done 
any expansion in the control-relay panel segment as well?  
  
===== PAGE 32 =====
 
 
DANISH POWER LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Danish Power Private Limited 
& initially known as Danish Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Registered Office: - DTA-02-07, 08, 09 & 10, DTA PHASE-II, PO Mahindra World City (Jaipur), 
Sanganer, Jaipur 302037 Rajasthan, India | | CIN: U31200RJ1985PLC003346 
Email ID: info@danish.co.in || Contact No.: +918947822222 || Website: www.danish.co.in 
 
Shivam Talwar: No, Sir. In the control relay panels and automation side, we 
have not expanded the facility currently. However, in that set of business we 
mainly used to need to expand our fabrication setup and a bit on testing setup. 
So as we mentioned earlier, someone also asked we had increased our sheet 
metal fabrication facility, which would be utilized in both transformers as well 
as our panel side of business as well and which can help growth in that 
segment. And we are focusing more on the substation automation side in the 
panel division and looking to see how what opportunities come in that way. 
But otherwise, there is no major expansion done at that level. 
  
Pratham Agarwal: Got it, sir. So, like you answered to the previous 
participant that our guidance for FY26 is around Rs 500 cr to 550 cr. Even if I 
take guidance on the higher side that is Rs 550 cr on a year-on-year basis on 
the H2, we are seeing only 30% growth, whereas we have already expanded 
our capacity by 50%. And another 2500 Kv capacity will be coming for which 
will be utilized for one quarter. So is our guidance on the conservative side, 
and we can beat that. So, what is the understanding on that?  
  
Shivam Talwar: See, the capacity expansion came live only in the month of 
October. So, it is not an entire year that the 50% enhancement is there. So if 
you do it for half a year or even maybe slightly less than that that that comes 
to 20%-25% and still the growth is 30%. So that way, we are there in terms of 
the capacity, whatever is available to us. The second capacity will only be in 
the end of December, and hence the outflow of transformers will start 
thereafter. Because once you start manufacturing it takes at least 8-10 weeks 
for us to from start to end to deliver the product to the customer. So that would 
by chance come in March. But most probably it will start delivering or start 
generating revenue from April onwards only. 
  
Pratham Agarwal: Okay, Got it sir. So my last question after this whole 
capacity expansion is done what kind of revenue potential are we seeing from 
the transformer segment only?  
  
Shivam Talwar: So again, I think this was asked earlier as well if we are having 
an optimum utilization. We are expecting somewhere around 750 crores plus 
of revenue. And if we are able to do a peak utilization like we did in our last 
===== PAGE 33 =====
 
 
DANISH POWER LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Danish Power Private Limited 
& initially known as Danish Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Registered Office: - DTA-02-07, 08, 09 & 10, DTA PHASE-II, PO Mahindra World City (Jaipur), 
Sanganer, Jaipur 302037 Rajasthan, India | | CIN: U31200RJ1985PLC003346 
Email ID: info@danish.co.in || Contact No.: +918947822222 || Website: www.danish.co.in 
 
financial year, we had a utilization of extremely high levels. And this can 
substantially go up as well.  
  
Pratham Agarwal: So, any number for peak revenue possible at optimal 
utilization.  
  
Shivam Talwar: Someone else already said that we had mentioned close to a 
Rs 1000 crores. So, we'll need to stick to what someone else said.  
  
Pratham Agarwal: Thank you so much for the answer. All the best. 
  
Moderator: Our next speaker is Mr. Shubam Gupta. Mr. Shubham, kindly give 
your brief introduction and ask only two questions.  
  
Shubam Gupta: Hello. Am I audible?  
  
Shivam Talwar: Yes, Mr Shubham.  
  
Shubam Gupta: Hello sir. So, Sir, I am an individual investor. So, I had mainly 
one question. Basically, you have Rs 405 crore of order book. But if I see the 
order announcement on BSE and NSE, like only in the last six months, there is 
only Rs 50 crore of orders which you have announced. So are you exchanging 
or is it like... 
Like just one request, we get regular updates of the orders. 
 
Shivam Talwar: See, usually what our understanding is that a certain material 
event has to be announced, which we feel is that a certain value of order or 
above that should be announced. So, when we accumulate orders, like not all 
orders are Rs 50 crore or Rs 80 crore. There are various orders of Rs 2 cr, Rs 5 
cr, Rs 8 cr, Rs 10 cr, or Rs 12 crore. And usually, not every small order is 
announced on the exchange. However, we will take your input and we'll see if 
we can lower that level and that barrier by the amount of barrier from which 
we announce, and we'll see if we can do some more announcements. 
 
Shubam Gupta: Okay sir. Sir, one request is this, and another request is, as 
you are saying, that your export revenue will increase, like next year it will go 
to 20% and after that 30%. So if I see the revenue, if I see the export margin of 
===== PAGE 34 =====
 
 
DANISH POWER LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Danish Power Private Limited 
& initially known as Danish Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Registered Office: - DTA-02-07, 08, 09 & 10, DTA PHASE-II, PO Mahindra World City (Jaipur), 
Sanganer, Jaipur 302037 Rajasthan, India | | CIN: U31200RJ1985PLC003346 
Email ID: info@danish.co.in || Contact No.: +918947822222 || Website: www.danish.co.in 
 
Shilchar, it's around 30%. Like they are operating at a 30% to 35% margin. So, 
will your margin also be comparable, or become comparable after one or two 
years? 
 
Shivam Talwar: Sir, I cannot comment on anyone else's margin as to how it is 
achieved. But from our analysis, from our studies, we have seen international 
markets. There are various markets which are at a higher margin level than 
what we are operating right now. Some are at par, and some are even lower 
than the margin that we get in India. So our intention is definitely that we can 
target higher margin levels. But I cannot comment on being comparable or 
similar to any other company's exports. I mean, there are various reasons how 
a margin operates in a company. It is not just the sales side or the market side. 
I mean, it also depends on your internal operations and various other factors. 
 
Shubam Gupta: Okay Sir. Got it. Thank you. Thanks for answering my 
question. 
Thank you.  
 
Shivam Talwar: Thank you.  
 
Moderator: Our next speaker is Mr Yash. Mr Yash, kindly give your brief 
introduction and ask only two questions.  
 
Yash: Hello. 
 
Moderator: Yes, you are audible. Yes sir. 
 
Yash: Hello sir. Congratulations on the solid set of numbers. My question is 
regarding if we need any additional capex for the radiator side or any kind of 
maintenance capex, we need for our expanded capacity after we come after 
the completion of both parts of 2500 MVA. So, can you shed some light on 
this? 
 
Shivam Talwar: So if any further expansion needs to be planned, if it is any 
maintenance expansion, as you said, or something smaller, we are geared up 
with our internal accruals. We would be using them to do any of those kinds if 
there is any larger investment. The company is yet to take a call about that. 
===== PAGE 35 =====
 
 
DANISH POWER LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Danish Power Private Limited 
& initially known as Danish Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Registered Office: - DTA-02-07, 08, 09 & 10, DTA PHASE-II, PO Mahindra World City (Jaipur), 
Sanganer, Jaipur 302037 Rajasthan, India | | CIN: U31200RJ1985PLC003346 
Email ID: info@danish.co.in || Contact No.: +918947822222 || Website: www.danish.co.in 
 
We have yet to plan what would be the next set of large expansions coming in. 
So, depending on the size of that capex, the company would eventually take 
a call. But for any smaller or maintenance, as you said, it's going to be the 
company’s internal accruals only. 
 
Yash: Okay. Thank you, Sir. Thank you so much.  
 
Shivam Talwar: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Our next speaker is Mr Akshay. Mr Akshay, kindly give your brief 
introduction and ask only two questions. 
 
Akshay: Am I audible? 
Shivam Talwar: Yes. 
 
Akshay: Okay. So, most of the points have been covered, and I would like to 
congratulate the management since this is their first call to the investors. I'm 
an individual investor. 
 
Shivam Talwar: Thank you. 
 
Akshay: I have only one question, which is if you could highlight some of the 
risks and specifically import risk from China. And if you could tell us a little bit 
more about the industry as a whole, because renewables and the solar 
sector, there has been a lot of government support or shield from the 
government to support the solar sector from cheaper imports from China. So 
does that kind of situation also persist, or is it there in the transformer sector? 
Thanks. 
 
Shivam Talwar: So imports of transformers, it does happen. I'm not saying it 
does not, but as far as my knowledge goes, the import component is very low. 
It is largely because of various factors. I mean, as compared to solar modules, 
you can bring them from China and install them, and usually it’s a product 
which doesn't require any significant maintenance, or even if one module 
goes bad, you simply replace it. That is how it usually goes, as far as my 
understanding is. Our transformers work differently. It does require periodic 
maintenance. It's an expensive and bulky equipment to bring in and at top of 
===== PAGE 36 =====
 
 
DANISH POWER LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Danish Power Private Limited 
& initially known as Danish Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Registered Office: - DTA-02-07, 08, 09 & 10, DTA PHASE-II, PO Mahindra World City (Jaipur), 
Sanganer, Jaipur 302037 Rajasthan, India | | CIN: U31200RJ1985PLC003346 
Email ID: info@danish.co.in || Contact No.: +918947822222 || Website: www.danish.co.in 
 
it, the government has certain requirements of Bureau of Indian Standards 
certified material to be utilized in our transformers, which definitely is a 
concern when it comes to imports from other countries about the availability 
of that material. Hence, imports are usually not a worry for us. We have not 
seen any, nor have we ever lost an order where the client may have gone and 
imported a transformer so far. So we don't see any risk in that segment 
currently. 
 
Akshay: Ok. Thanks. 
 
Moderator: Mr Rahul was not able to ask a question earlier. So, we are giving 
another chance. Mr. Rahul, kindly ask your question. 
 
Rahul: Hello sir, am I audible? 
Shivam Talwar: Yes. 
 
Rahul: Hi sir, good morning. Congratulations for a good set of numbers. My 
question is whether any strategic move you have planned with reference to 
backward integration, like taking a supplier of raw materials? 
 
Shivam Talwar: So backward integration, as we discussed earlier, also in this 
call, we are doing some backward integration of sheet metal fabrication in our 
subsidiary company, which will help reduce our bottlenecks as well as 
improve on quality side of the product. That is one of the challenges we face 
right now in our supplies to our clients. 
 
Rahul: Understood sir. And sir, one more question — given the rapid capacity 
expansion we have in the past one year and we have also seen some new 
players entering into the market such as Waaree Energies. So do you think the 
oversupply will be there coming in the next few months, and which will impact 
the margins going forward? 
 
Shivam Talwar: See, the players that have come in new have mainly acquired 
existing companies. Obviously, they might scale up those companies and add 
additional capacities. But see, that is happening, the capacities will add up. 
But as I mentioned earlier also, at our level, whatever expansion we have done 
===== PAGE 37 =====
 
 
DANISH POWER LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Danish Power Private Limited 
& initially known as Danish Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Registered Office: - DTA-02-07, 08, 09 & 10, DTA PHASE-II, PO Mahindra World City (Jaipur), 
Sanganer, Jaipur 302037 Rajasthan, India | | CIN: U31200RJ1985PLC003346 
Email ID: info@danish.co.in || Contact No.: +918947822222 || Website: www.danish.co.in 
 
or whatever we would plan is cautiously looked after to make sure that we can 
fill those expansions with the right set of orders. 
 
We see a continuous growth in demand as well. So, currently, it doesn't 
bother us much with regard to the excess capacities situation. We don't see 
the excess happening anytime soon. Maybe four or five years later, yes, 
anything can happen, but currently we don't see that as a challenge. 
 
Rahul: Okay sir. And sir, lastly, for financing your further capex, are you 
looking through loans or through equity? Debt or through equity going 
forward? 
 
Shivam Talwar: The further capex is not yet planned. It is still under 
evaluation as to what level, what kind of capex we need. So once we zero 
down on our total needs as to how much fund would be required, then we will 
take a call on how that is funded. Right now is not the stage for us to answer 
that. 
Rahul: Okay, thank you sir. Thank you for your future. 
 
Shivam Talwar: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: All the queries and questions have been answered. Now we end 
this question-and-answer session. 
 
Shivam Talwar: Thank you to all who have attended. With this, this is our first 
earnings call post the IPO, and we will make sure to continue having these and 
expect active participation from all of you. So, thank you all. We'll close the 
call now. 
 
Moderator: Thank you everyone for attending. 
  
  