
===== PAGE 1 =====
 
 
DANISH POWER LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Danish Power Private Limited & 
initially known as Danish Private Limited) 
 
 
 
 
Registered Office: - DTA-02-07, 08, 09 & 10, DTA PHASE-II, PO Mahindra World City (Jaipur), 
Sanganer, Jaipur 302037 Rajasthan, India | | CIN: L31200RJ1985PLC003346 
Email ID: info@danish.co.in || Contact No.: +918947822222 || Website: www.danish.co.in 
 
 
To           Date: 16.05.2026 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G-Block,  
Bandra- Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai – 400051 Maharashtra, India. 
 
NSE Symbol- DANISH 
Subject: Submission under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations & 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Transcript of Investor/Analyst 
Conference Call held on 11th May, 2026. 
Dear Sir/Madam 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we hereby inform that the Conference Call with 
Investors and Analysts was held on Monday, 11th May, 2026 at 3:00 P.M. to discuss 
the Audited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for the 
half year and financial year ended on 31st March, 2026. 
Further, in terms of Regulation 46 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the aforesaid Conference Call was uploaded on the 
website of the Company within the stipulated time and can be accessed at below link. 
https://www.danish.co.in/uploads/ﬁles/transcript-of-investor-call-11052026.pdf 
You are requested to kindly take the above information on your records. 
Thanking You 
For Danish Power Limited 
 
Shivam Talwar 
Manging Director 
DIN:01730625 
 
Place: Jaipur 
 
  
===== PAGE 2 =====
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“Danish Power Limited 
H2 & FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 11, 2026 
 
 
 
 
     
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SHIVAM TALWAR – MANAGING DIRECTOR  
 M R. ANAND CHATURVEDI – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: Good afternoon, everyone, and a very warm welcome to Danish Power Limited's Earnings Call 
for H2 and FY26. We are delighted to have with us the senior leadership team to discuss the 
company's performance and key business highlights for the period. From the management, we 
have with us Mr. Shivam Talwar, Managing Director and Mr. Anand Chaturvedi, Chief 
Financial Officer. Before we begin the call, I would like to mention that certain statements made 
during the call may be forward-looking in nature. 

===== PAGE 3 =====
  Danish Power Limited 
  May 11, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
And could involve risks and uncertainties, including those related to the future financials and 
operating performance of the company. Further in the event of any issues or call drops during 
the course of the conference call. We request your patience while we ensure the call is 
reconnected at the earliest. With that, I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Shivam 
Talwar, Managing Director for his opening remarks. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Shivam Talwar: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. This is our second earnings call post our listing. 
Before I walk you through our H2 and FY26 performance, let me just share a perspective on the 
broader industry and the key trends shaping the sector. Over the last few months, as you all are 
aware well, the global operating environment has remained volatile. Rising geopolitical tensions, 
supply chain issues, logistics disruptions, and fluctuations in key commodity prices, particularly 
transformer oil, aluminum and copper, along with the exchange rate of dollar to rupee, has 
created uncertainty across the global transformer as well as the electrical equipment industry. 
Although despite these external disruptions, India's long-term electrical infrastructure story 
remains exceptionally strong. Grid modernization, renewable energy build-out, the rapid 
expansion of data centers driven by artificial intelligence adoption and a broader rise in the per 
capita electricity consumption are structural demand drivers that we believe these will sustain 
the transformer demand for at least next five to seven years, if not more. 
While the external environment may create near-term volatility, the underlying demand 
environment for our industry remains extremely healthy, and we are well-positioned to capture 
the demand with the right quality of orders at the right margins with the right delivery 
commitments. Since our previous earnings call we have undergone a meaningful transformation 
phase of operational and strategic transformation. 
I am pleased to share that both phases of our capacity expansion which were planned post our 
IPO are now fully commissioned and operational in line with the timelines committed during 
our previous interaction. With this our transformer manufacturing capacity has increased to 
approximately 11,000 MVA on an annual basis. The new facility has been built with a strong 
focus on manufacturing excellence and long-term scalability including temperature-controlled 
shop floors, advanced testing infrastructure and an ESG compliant manufacturing process.  
This expansion is a significant upgrade in the quality, processes capability and the technological 
readiness's positioning Danish Power strongly for the next phase of the growth. With the new 
facility our power transformer division is also now activated. We have upgraded our capabilities 
to manufacture transformers up to 100 MVA and 245 KV voltage class. Prototype development 
and type testing processes have already commenced and we expect formal customer 
qualifications progresses to happen throughout this financial year. 
The segment has naturally high entry barriers including extensive testing requirements, audits, 
performance validation. We are well into that journey and we believe this segment will become 
a meaningful contributor for our revenue from FY28 onwards. Our backward integration as well 
initiated through our subsidiary is progressing well. The sheet metal fabrication facility with a 
capital outlay of approximately INR20+crores is expected to be commissioned in the next three 
to four months. 
===== PAGE 4 =====
  Danish Power Limited 
  May 11, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
This will help us internalize a key manufacturing component that has usually been a bottleneck 
for both lead time and quality consistency perspectives. The objective here is operational control 
and execution reliability and not only margin enhancement which may happen over a period of 
time but not immediately. 
Additionally, around six months ago we also proactively acquired a land close to our existing 
facilities in the same industrial zone. The idea was to be prepared for our next phase of 
expansion. We are not committing to a specific timeline for the next phase of expansion yet as 
we are evaluating carefully what and how it should be done. But looking at the timeline we 
wanted to make sure that secured land means we are ready to move quickly when the time is 
right. 
Another important milestone has been strengthening our workforce. With the growing company 
we now have more than 550 people on our direct roll reflecting a conscious shift towards a more 
stable and skilled employee base. While renewables continue to remain a strong focus area for 
us, we are also consciously exploring multiple growth opportunities in related sectors as well. 
So in terms of higher capacity and higher voltage transformers as I mentioned the new facility 
is fully ready operational and the prototypes and type testing is in process. We have already also 
started supplying transformers for battery energy storage applications which is one of the most 
upcoming, most high demand growth segment we are seeing both within India and 
internationally as well. 
Next in terms of the dry type transformers which has usually been our not so volume generator 
or revenue generator product line. The demand is rising across data centers. And we are currently 
building capacities and certification pathways to increase this segment as well. Further exports 
have been part of Danish Power's journey since a long time although post COVID our domestic 
sales picked up at a very fast pace. 
And hence exports weren't really contributing much. However, this year we've been having 
almost 8% to 9% of export revenue which is a significant jump since the last financial year. Plus, 
our focus remains on profitable export growth rather than a volume led expansion. 
Next our Panel and Automation division as well is which is currently contributing about 7% to 
9% of our revenue. The continuous growth in the substation automation requirements and grid 
modernization initiatives are creating incremental opportunities in this segment as well.  
Coming to our order pipeline the demand momentum continues to remain healthy across 
segments. As of today, our confirmed order book stands at over INR500 crores compared to 
about INR450 crores at the time of our last call. The deliveries for these orders are spread in 
next six to nine months. 
Importantly the order mix is becoming more diversified with contributions now emerging from 
battery storage, export products as well as the power transfer opportunities coming along with 
our key revenue driver of inverter duty transformers. At the same time, we continue to remain 
disciplined in our order selection approach which has always been a key focus area for us. A 
===== PAGE 5 =====
  Danish Power Limited 
  May 11, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
strong focus remains on execution, customer quality and sustaining the profitability of the 
company. 
Some additional key developments as well in the year.  
 The Crisil ratings upgraded us to A minus from triple B. That was a valuable step 
forward.  
 Our IPO proceeds utilization is 100% completed now as on 31st March 2026.  
 Plus, as a company we have voluntarily adopted IndAS financial reporting. This was 
a step to ensure more efficient more systematic financial reporting going forward. 
 Further almost 90% of our revenues come from the private sector which provides 
stronger payment discipline relatively better margins and faster execution cycles 
thereby supporting both our profitability and the working capital efficiency. 
Now let me take you through the key financial highlights for H2 FY26. H2 and FY26. As a 
reminder as you all are aware our business remains structurally H2 heavy as it has been seen in 
the previous years. For FY26 the company delivered a consolidated revenue of INR521 crores 
with a growth of approximately 22% on a year-on-year basis. 
Supported by healthy execution across our core business segments and contribution from the 
expanded manufacturing capacity as well. While the phase two expansion benefits will be more 
visible in this financial year and beyond. Despite the commissioning and the ramp up costs 
associated with the new facility we have been still able to maintain a healthy EBITDA margins 
of approximately 19% reflecting a strong operational discipline and a prudent order selection. 
Margin preservation as I have always mentioned remains a key strategic priority for the 
company. In terms of PAT the company achieved approximately INR69 crores of PAT with a 
growth of 26% on a year-on-year basis.  
Overall, we at Danish Power remained well positioned to capitalize on this strong industry 
opportunity while continuing to maintain a disciplined approach towards growth margins and 
capital efficiency. 
Our guidance for the ongoing FY27 based on our current order visibility, the capacity ramp up 
and the market outlook we expect FY27 revenue to be more than INR700 crores plus. We remain 
committed to sustaining our EBITDA margins which remains a key focus both EBITDA and 
PAT as well. EBITDA in the range of 19% as we've been achieving last couple of years. 
As we scale the power transformer business and the exports there could be some impact 
temporary coming in however on a long-term objective our margin improvement will remain 
our key focus areas. 
With that I will now hand over back to the moderator to open the session for your question and 
answers. Thank you. 
===== PAGE 6 =====
  Danish Power Limited 
  May 11, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. We will take the first 
question from the line of CA Kaushal Sharma from Equinox Capital Ventures Private Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
Kaushal Sharma: Hello. Hi, sir. Very good afternoon. Am I audible?  
Shivam Talwar: Yes you are audible. Good afternoon. 
Kaushal Sharma: Just want to understand about our current capacity utilization like we have expanded our capacity 
11,000 MVA. What kind of peak revenue potential can we get from out of this and what is 
current utilization level? And, sir, as you see that our export expanded this year, which agro-
fields are we targeting and what kind of mix going forward are we targeting? And the last 
question on our type testing, like we are expanding our capacity in higher kV class.  
So, what kind of timelines is there to get the orders after the test is done? Like in earlier call, 
you were saying that it would take around seven to eight months to do the type testing and then 
another one year would take to get the order. So, what is the timeline to get the order? 
Shivam Talwar: Right. Thank you for your questions. So Kaushal, first thing you mentioned was the peak level 
or the utilization that we are doing. So, the financial year that just ended, I think since our 
capacities got expanded in a two-phased manner and whenever a capacity goes live, getting the 
revenue out of that capacity is at least a three to four month period. If not more. 
So, the overall capacity calculation for last year is little mixed. However, still we feel we were 
considering our phase one expansion getting live in the middle of the year, I think we were at 
roughly 80% utilization. But we can't consider complete 11,000 in the previous year because the 
second phase came in live only after January. And therefore that revenue output will only come 
in this financial year. 
In terms of your question was on export geography, so we are targeting or we are already 
working in three or four continents where we continue to grow. Middle East, Europe, Africa, 
and Australasia. These are the four continents where we have a good hold and things will 
continue to prosper from these areas. 
And your last bit was the type testing. So, yes, seven to nine months it can definitely take once 
we start manufacturing and then the process to get the testing done. Therefore after validation 
supplying on a trial basis for some time. So the real revenue from the higher voltage power 
transformers would come in in the next financial year FY28 only and that's our expectations on 
that. 
Kaushal Sharma: And so, margin in H2 has also gone up just because of the raw material. So, you have given this 
margin like you said 19% is in this kind of environment, is it sustainable going forward? 
Shivam Talwar: See, that's been always our focus area. We do feel that this is something which we can sustain 
over a period of time. Obviously, incidents like the West Asia war and all that, they do impact 
===== PAGE 7 =====
  Danish Power Limited 
  May 11, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
your planning and your further views. However, still, I think we are quite confident with the 
kind of inquiry inflow, the kind of orders that we've been able to final even in last say one, two 
months as well while the war has been on. So, we still feel that we should be able to maintain 
this. That will remain a key focus while we take any order going forward as well. 
Kaushal Sharma: And do you feel that there is any kind of challenges in competitive intensity in this IDT 
transformer, like many of the companies are going on manufacturing. So, is there any chance 
for decreasing the margin due to competition intensity, or do you think that the demand is there? 
Shivam Talwar: See, competition will always come in wherever other manufacturers feel there is some potential. 
Everyone would want to take a pie of that. So, that's something we cannot control. How we 
control our, is that the customer quality, the level of quality product that we can offer to our 
clients. And therefore out client can provide the right value is, will remain our focus and has 
been our focus. Fortunately, our clients are very mature. Price is not the only factor they go for 
and our reliability in the market is proven enough. 
So, I think as a company, be it IDT or any other product line, we'll make sure that we can 
maintain these margins that will remain the key focus area. And therefore, as I've already 
mentioned, it's not just IDT, there are other products as well we do and some are on the increase 
as well. So, thank you. 
Kaushal Sharma:  Okay sir, thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Hazel Rathod from PhillipCapital. 
Please go ahead.  
Hazel Rathod: Hello. Hi sir congratulations on the great set of numbers.  
Shivam Talwar: Thank you, very much.  
Hazel Rathod: Primarily my question arises from the fact that given the current global scenario how do we look 
at expansion in terms of capacity utilization? You know, given the facilities and the capacity 
that we've installed both the phases. And going ahead in terms of margins what kind of impact 
we might you know expect from again the raw material prices and the orders that we've already 
taken? 
Shivam Talwar: Sorry the first question you were asking capacity utilization you mean the orders intake? 
Hazel Rathod: Yes in terms of ramping up. How do we see that happening? Can we expect to reach an optimum 
utilization in H1 itself or somewhere around H2?  
Shivam Talwar: See optimum utilization or is a very typical word I mean there is no optimum figure to be honest 
and typically how as we have already mentioned H1 is usually much lighter than H2 so definitely 
H1 we will not be able to reach that. Plus we have this still the war impact is ongoing where 
some of the other things obviously slow down.  
===== PAGE 8 =====
  Danish Power Limited 
  May 11, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
So the good utilization would probably definitely come in H2 and therefore the financial year 
after that as well where we feel that we will have more than a peak utilization is where our targets 
are. In terms of margins definitely see the war is impacting Q1 for this year will somewhere be 
impacted. Although as a company we do try to make sure our all our interests are covered 
whenever we secure an order we don't like to leave many things open but in this difficult situation 
lot of backing out from the suppliers also does happen and then some materials like transformer 
oil in particular has to be purchased only after a certain time it just can't be purchased six months 
or four months in advance.  
So that will definitely impact. We are in active discussions with our clients of the existing orders 
to see how we can mitigate and find a midway solution that even we are impacted to a limited 
point and the client can also take a hit on that. 
Hazel Rathod:  Understood sir. Thank you so much.  
Moderator: Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Naman Parmar from Niveshaay 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Naman Parmar: Yes good afternoon sir. Thank you so much for the opportunity and congratulations on great set 
of numbers. So firstly I wanted to understand on the industry perspective specific to the BESS. 
So currently how is the all this set up getting played out, we have already a various solar grids 
and all getting connected. And lots of IDT have already been installed, right?  
But with the BESS coming in, you will require additional demand for the IDT or the older one 
IDT can handle that load. And any new type of transformer specific for the BESS is required 
and how we are preparing particularly for the BESS market? 
Shivam Talwar: So, we have been preparing quite from last, I think, on more than 12 to 18 months we have been 
in that process. And we have already secured and executed orders for BESS applications. So, 
the BESS application is slightly different than a typical IDT where it is installed only for a solar 
plant. 
And in terms of the requirements, we will definitely increase it BESS coming in, especially if it 
is a new project, there is a combined way of applying both Solar and BESS at the same time and 
the transformer requirement. But if it is an existing project where BESS is being implemented, 
there is an additional requirement of transformers also coming in. 
And the application or the way a BESS transformer is utilized on that site is also slightly different 
from how an IDT load ability is maintained. So, we are well prepared, already executing. And 
based on what we have done so far and how we see the inquiry coming in for BESS, we see 
there is a substantial potential in this segment. 
Naman Parmar: Okay, understood. So, currently in our current order book, how much would be the BESS project 
contributing? 
Shivam Talwar: I think it should be about 20% to 25% roughly. 
===== PAGE 9 =====
  Danish Power Limited 
  May 11, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Naman Parmar: Okay, 20% to 25%. And in the current order book only, how much orders are having a price 
variation clause and how much are fixed-based? 
Shivam Talwar: See out of this INR500 plus crores what I mentioned, some orders have, are of last 4 to 6 weeks 
which are all on firm, but if you are looking at the total mix I think again around, around 30% 
of the orders should be on price variation. 
Naman Parmar: Okay 20% is with the price variation? 
Shivam Talwar: 30%. 
Naman Parmar: Oh 30% okay understood. And also similarly like we have type a very good for the BESS market 
so similarly on the data centre like any dry-type transformer that we are caping very bigly for 
the data centre type or any enquiry that we have received? 
Shivam Talwar: Yes if you go to my opening remarks I informed about that decision. We have been 
manufacturing dry-type transformers for the last 14 years, however it has been a very small 
revenue for us primarily because we were full with our capacity. So now with our some 
expansion coming in we have some space allocation for that segment as well and with the data 
centre demand coming in so we are actively working in that direction as to how we can capture 
some part of that market. 
Naman Parmar: Okay yes understood yes thank you so much. 
Shivam Talwar: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Jiten Parmar from Aurum Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Jiten Parmar: Yes. Good afternoon. Congratulations on a good set of results considering the situation currently. 
My first question is basically in one of the slides you talked about backward integration. Can 
you throw some more light on it? I mean across the companies we are seeing that you know 
there is issue of you know different input materials. So are we how are we trying to mitigate that 
and what is this backward integration what will it entail?  
Shivam Talwar: So this backward integration one of our biggest bottlenecks is the sheet metal fabrication 
equipment such as the outer bodies and the cooling equipment that are required in the 
transformers. We feel in terms of lead time usually our supply chain falters on that and hence 
we falter on our client commitments which is something which is the worst thing that probably 
we feel we can do so we like to honour our commitments to our customers and this is one of the 
items that is the longest lead time as well as quality issues as well are an issue.  
So we are wanting to make sure we can do this within our premises, within our setup itself to 
make sure we can control the lead times we can prioritize our needs as and when based on 
specific projects, and plus quality remains a priority on that side that we can maintain the same 
level of quality that the rest of our transformer has. 
===== PAGE 10 =====
  Danish Power Limited 
  May 11, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
Jiten Parmar: Okay. So we did around 5,500 MVA in FY26 right. FY27 and FY28 what is it that we can do 
or what is our projection for the next two years? 
Shivam Talwar: So FY27 we are expecting at least 7,000 MVA to 8,000 MVA that's where we are targeting that 
we should be able to comfortably achieve this and FY28 somewhere more than 10,000 MVA 
would be our expectation that we should be able to do. 
Jiten Parmar: Okay. And I can understand, you know, that the margin, I think in FY25 was 21% and it went 
down to 19% last year, maybe because of expansion. Now, with the expansion in place, why we 
can't move back to our older margins or do you see challenges in that? 
Shivam Talwar: See, in terms of, I think even in FY25, if I remember, I think it's the H2 margin was probably 
what you're talking about as 21% or the entire year as well. But if you really see on an overall 
basis with our power transformer segment also coming in, when we take a new entry in a 
particular segment, there might be some cases, some strategy calls we'll need to take. So, I feel 
somewhere between 19% and 20% is something that is sustainable that we can continue to do in 
spite of this new product lines as well, which come in. 
But the objective will definitely remain. If we can go back to 20%+ and 21%, that will definitely 
remain. But, you know, where we are in the current phase of the world, there is too much 
uncertainty and it's better that we plan in the best possible way to see if we can continue to 
maintain what we are doing. If anything additional over it, it's a bonus for everyone. 
Jiten Parmar: Perfect. Perfect. Yes. I mean, in these times, one needs to be conservative in their approach also. 
So, my final question is basically we have moved to like a run rate of 8% in exports. Now, I'm 
sure exports will be giving us higher margin. What are we trying to do so that, you know, the 
whole percentage can go up meaningfully over the next two years, like FY28, what would be 
the target? And first, so in that, I would want you to answer what is the differential you get when 
you do exports higher margin wise? 
Shivam Talwar: So, differential varies from project to project, country to country. Somewhere probably it is up 
to 3% or 4% extra, somewhere it's about 1% to 2% extra. Some cases it also goes up to 5%. So, 
to be honest, it varies and it's difficult to phase out an average figure as well because you will 
not always get a 4% or 5% extra on any particular project. It might be some special cases. So, 
that is where it varies. 
 What we have done to increase our exports is definitely our capacity we were lacking. We were 
always getting inquiries, but we were full with what we had in order with us already. So, we 
couldn't really take much of export orders and could not commit because the clients we are 
associated with are regular clients and that's how we like to do our business with.  
We don't prefer one-time order and then it's the end of the story. So, if we have to commit to a 
new client in export, we have to make sure that we have capacities available for them, which 
now we have and we have already signed some long-term framework agreements with our 
clients in the international segment as well. So, this year we are hopeful that at least we should 
be touching 15% to 20% somewhere in between that is our faith in this. 
===== PAGE 11 =====
  Danish Power Limited 
  May 11, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
Jiten Parmar: Perfect and I wish you all the best for that. That's all for my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Paras Chheda from Purpleone Vertex 
Ventures LLP. Please go ahead. 
Paras Chheda: Yes. Good afternoon, sir. Thank you for this opportunity and congratulations for the strong set 
of results, sir. Sir, just wanted to understand now we have this 11,000 MVA capacity and I just 
heard you're planning to achieve probably 10,000 MVA in FY28. So that presumably is from 
the same existing capacity is that we are intending to take the capacity utilization higher? 
Shivam Talwar: Yes. 
Paras Chheda: So, I mean in general, sir, I mean it's difficult to put a number but what kind of ballpark 
approximate revenue range does this indicate? It's greater than 10,000 MVA. Where could it 
lead us to? I mean ballpark range. I can understand there's no pinpoint number. 
Shivam Talwar: Somewhere between INR900 crores to INR1,000 crores. 
Paras Chheda: Okay. So, that's part of the peak revenue for this existing current capacity. 
Shivam Talwar: See, with this current capacity. See, once a new facility is ready, then it runs for say six months 
to one year. See transformers is a very complicated process in terms of manufacturing. It's not 
that we have one machine and it will give an output and we can calculate the capacity. There are 
multiple processes that are coming in. 
So, after six months, 12 months of running in, we find out, okay, there is a certain bottleneck 
where we can do some de-bottling and probably increase the capacity a bit more. So, the next 
12 months, that's the evaluation that happens even like in our existing facility also. We were able 
to do some de-bottling and increase some. So, that process keeps on going on, on a regular basis. 
Therefore, it could go definitely with the existing capacity. It could go higher as well. It's not 
that it will be the last point, but this is comfortable. But if we can able to de-bottle maybe next 
12 months or something, it could go higher as well. 
Paras Chheda: Yes. So, comfortable to at the moment guide, let's say for a INR1,000 crores kind of a revenue, 
then maybe there could be something more if you are able to extract more out of this in terms of 
de-bottle necking. 
Shivam Talwar: Right. 
Paras Chheda: Okay, sir. And I mean, we've got this land also. I heard that. So, is there a sort of, you know, and 
the industry tailwind seems to be okay in terms of demand. Is there a timeline by which we sort 
of take a decision in terms of next level of expansion? 
Shivam Talwar: Hopefully in the next three months. 
Paras Chheda: In the next three months and if we do decide and it may be premature to ask that but what like I 
mean 30% - 50% capacity utilization or… 
===== PAGE 12 =====
  Danish Power Limited 
  May 11, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Shivam Talwar: Capacity expansion you are meaning to ask? 
Paras Chheda: Yes. 
Shivam Talwar: If we do the same set up with the land that we have available we should be able to further at least 
increase by 80% or maybe double up as well. 
Paras Chheda: Okay. If we do decide in the next three months timespan potentially 80% to 100% of the current 
capacity we can sort of look to expand given the land that is available.  
Shivam Talwar: Yes the land has that potential to do that level of expansion. The size of land allows.  
Paras Chheda: But this could be a phased one again like what we did last time. 
Shivam Talwar: Yes definitely. It could be phase because we want to make sure we start getting out something 
as soon as possible and not wait for the entire plant. So it could be in two phases but based on 
our experience in last couple of years we would still want to continue work and plan both phases 
together only. A lot of things get easier otherwise if you do it in part sometimes you do end up 
losing some valuable time and space of the available land. 
Paras Chheda: Right sir. And in case I mean we do decide at the end of three months typically how much time 
does it take because I think last time around it took a little bit of more time than we had probably 
anticipated I guess. So just to take a cue from that. I mean how much time do you now anticipate? 
Shivam Talwar: It should be slightly better prepared this time, having recently gone through that phase. But still, 
the timeline would be anywhere between 12 to 18 months for it to start coming live. 
Paras Chheda: Getting output out of it. So basically by the time this capacity utilization comes to near about 
the peak this other expansion will be more or less ready to be utilized. 
Shivam Talwar: That is the idea behind the next three months decision making. 
Paras Chheda: Understood sir. Now I also heard sir in terms of our export share, we are targeting to reach 15% 
20% of our revenues this year. We've entered into higher value added transformer segments 
etcetera. Although there are cost pressures, but I mean in general does that mean that we'll be 
able to bear minimum probably maintain the margins or if anything structurally probably move 
a little bit higher one or two years down the line? 
Shivam Talwar: See bare minimum will remain the focus. We would not compromise. Okay we leave apart one 
or two orders which could be strategic call but on a regular basis we would not comprise our 
margin to get into any particular type of transformer, that if we have to take an order for a power 
transformer to expand its segment, we should compromise it or just an example. So we would 
not want to do that. So this is the fair layer we would want to maintain but yes as a company if 
we can get higher it's always a bonus as I said.  
===== PAGE 13 =====
  Danish Power Limited 
  May 11, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Paras Chheda: Yes, meaning I was just asking from the perspective that now that we are getting into higher 
category of transformers. Does that offer a little bit better margin than what we do currently 
now? 
Shivam Talwar: See one thing I've always mentioned the product type or the type of transformer does not 
determine the margin. The margin is determined by the type of customer. The type of value you 
are offering to the customer. The product that you are making for the customer. See, a 
distribution transformer also in certain markets will give an extremely low margin and in certain 
markets will give you a very good margin. 
So, it is not the product that distribution has lower margin or power is higher. I think that myth 
has to go away, I believe. It's how you position yourselves, what's your product, that's what 
matters. 
Paras Chheda: Understood so this probably has nothing to do with the product? 
Shivam Talwar: I mean definitely see higher voltages will have more level of complexities and hence it is a 
slightly less populated market less populated competitive landscape out there. That complexities 
are definitely there but even in a distribution transformer, I'm just coming down to the lowest 
level as a comparison. 
There are certain markets where the clients are extremely critical of what they want to buy what 
kind of product and can have a good level of specialties requiring in the transformer as well. So 
that's overall it is exactly what the client needs what level of sophistication it requires and how 
you can make the right product to get a good value for that. 
Paras Chheda: Understood. And the final question from mine, I mean, of course, your capacity expansion plans 
do indicate some sort of a demand scenario out there, but I mean, broadly, with the asterisk mark 
of this geopolitical scenario, other than that, how do you see the demand scenario? Is it fairly 
strong enough for the next, probably, let's say, three to five years or at least up to three years? 
Shivam Talwar: As I said, that is why the next expansion is on the card. We will definitely in the next three 
months take a decision and take it forward, but overall, the demand, the inquiry inflow is equally 
good, in spite of the war. We have not seen that the demand has pushed down or the inquiries 
have reduced. Everything is going at par. 
Paras Chheda: Good to hear that sir. Thank you so much for your time. 
Shivam Talwar: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Yogansh Jeswani from Mittal 
Analytics. Please go ahead. 
Yogansh Jeswani: Yes, thank you for the opportunity. Congratulations on a good set of numbers, sir. Yes, so I 
wanted to ask, comparing your numbers with the peers, what we see that, interestingly, we've 
been able to safeguard our margins while other players have got a hit on the margins. So if you 
could just broadly share with us how we've been able to safeguard our margins? 
===== PAGE 14 =====
  Danish Power Limited 
  May 11, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Shivam Talwar: See, I mean what others are doing is very difficult for me to comment on. What we are doing is 
purely making sure, right from the beginning we keep on saying the quality of order matters 
getting an order in today's last two years or in today's time is not very difficult. 
But getting a good quality order will remain always a bit of a challenge. And we keep on making 
sure that the order quality is good. And by a good quality order means the right client who has 
the right capabilities to lift the transformer, to support you in difficult times, to make sure he's 
paying on time. So all of that matters. 
The execution capabilities come into play. Our planning of making sure that how we can make 
sure whatever commodity fluctuations are there we can make sure we can cover them up the 
basic as much as possible. 100% is never possible but whatever is in our hands whatever we 
need to take even though in certain cases some of the other things in our in our books might get 
disturbed like the inventory level might be too high sometimes or something. 
But we have to take certain calls at times to make sure how we can protect our margins. Because 
we feel that as a industry all industries are cyclical. There could be a low time as well going 
forward and we want to make sure our margins remain healthy enough in in these present good 
times that that can keep us afloat very nicely even when the times are not good. 
So the focus is out there and just wanting to make sure we do our work honestly and making 
sure our clients are satisfied with us. I think that's all we are doing I'm sure other companies 
would also be doing the same thing. It's nothing no rocket science that we are doing anything 
differently. 
Yogansh Jeswani: Right. Do you think this commodity prices that have gone up will show some impact on the 
pricing and the margins going forward? Or you feel that with the kind of orders, the kind of 
discussions you're having with your clients, you'll be able to maintain the spread or the margin 
that you've seen now? 
Shivam Talwar: See with the new orders that we have finalized post this rise. I think we are more or less there 
plus minus here and there not much. Obviously the orders that were already taken before this 
impact came in and those some of them as I said are firm priced orders. They are having some 
impact because as I mentioned not all commodity or material can be secured at the time of 
securing our transformer order. 
So we are in active discussions with our clients to see how they can support us. Contractually if 
we talk we are bounded. We have signed an order on a firm price and ideally we have to execute 
it at the price we have agreed on but we are trying to see what can be done and that's where I 
said the client maturity the quality of clients come into play. 
Who are mature enough do understand the situation if they might not support in this order they 
might support me in the next order but something or the other would happen and this Q1 orders 
would be a bit under more pressure, but we are finding our ways to see how, what and where we 
can cut down our cost where we can see that. This impact is as minimum as possible but only 
===== PAGE 15 =====
  Danish Power Limited 
  May 11, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
next two three months will tell how soon this war can end or it doesn’t end. 'Let's see. We'll have 
to know next two or three months. 
Yogansh Jeswani: Right. So if I understand right, I think what you're trying to say is that maybe a few older orders 
which will now hit the P&L might see some margin pressure. So maybe next quarter could be a 
little lower. But then as the new orders kick in, the margins will… 
Shivam Talwar: Yes, new orders are already on the light. The older one can definitely give an impact. 
Yogansh Jeswani: And broadly, do you have in mind how much kind of impact can it have, will it be 1% to 2% 
kind of impact or it could be even more? 
Shivam Talwar: Difficult to answer now because right now we are waiting and to see how and when this war will 
end and by when the pricing impact would gradually come down. It will not happen that war 
end and tomorrow the pricing will be back to normal. It may be possible then not all raw material 
also get back to normal, but certain prices where we have seen abnormal rise like in transformer 
oil there is an 100% plus rise. 
And hopefully with the war ending in next 2 or 3 months we might see some it might go back to 
levels where it was or maybe 10% or 15% rise not the 100%. So we have also slowed down in 
this month April and May even our clients have we've come to a conclusion with some of our 
clients okay if they have time let us wait let us wait for things to normalize. So giving a number 
right now would be very difficult maybe in the next call we should be having some answers on 
that.  
Yogansh Jeswani: Right and just one last question if I can squeeze in and pardon me if this was asked before I got 
dropped in between. So any guidance that you can share on the volume growth for FY27? 
Shivam Talwar; So FY27 volume-wise we mentioned somewhere between 7, 000 to 8,000 MVA we should be 
able to achieve. 
Yogansh Jeswani: Okay. Got it, sir. That’s it from my side. I will get back in the queue.  
Moderator: Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Mandira from Invesco. Please go 
ahead. 
Mandira: Thank you for the opportunity. If you would help me with what proportion of FY27 revenue 
visibility supported by your current executable order book? 
Shivam Talwar: By our current executable order book you mean INR500 crores of orders that we have out of 
that you are asking?  
Mandira: Yes.  
Shivam Talwar: So that INR500 crores plus most of it I think almost 90% of it is supposed to be executed in next 
6 to 9 months so out of that 90% will definitely be executed in this financial year. There could 
be 10% contract where anyhow we keep that buffer always because some projects sometimes 
===== PAGE 16 =====
  Danish Power Limited 
  May 11, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
get delayed for some or the other reason. Some one of them which we recently secured is a 
longer period contract, but 90% would be executed in this financial year. 
Mandira: Got it, sir. And secondly how do you plan to mitigate your potential order losses from Waaree 
which is the recent competitor acquisition? So are you witnessing any demand softness in the 
132 KV segment? 
Shivam Talwar: Sorry I guess there are two questions you are asking. Waaree question you are asking and then 
132 KV? 
Mandira: Are you witnessing any demand softeness in the 132 KV segment? 
Shivam Talwar: No so 132 KV and 220 KV is new for us and whatever ever since we have announced that we 
are ready our capacities are live there is a huge inflow of inquiries. I really can't compare this to 
a previous time because that time we were not really ready with this kind of facility for higher 
voltages, but we are getting a very good inquiry volume and hopefully some closure will also 
happen.  
Mandira: Got it, sir. And how do you plan to mitigate the potential order losses from Waaree? 
Shivam Talwar: No so it's been a while we were always prepared as although most of our orders come from our 
repeat clients that's how we like to do our business, but already we have added two or three new 
clients and have already secured big orders from them as well and executed as well. So we are 
not facing any challenge whatsoever with regard to any inquiry loss or order loss because of the 
Waaree entry into transformers. 
Mandira: Got it, sir. That was really helpful. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Dheeraj Kumar Reddy from 
AlphaSqr. Please go ahead. 
Dheeraj Kumar Reddy: Hello. Am I audible?  
Shivam Talwar: Yes Dheeraj ji you are audible.  
Dheeraj Kumar Reddy: Yes, sir. Thanks a lot for the opportunity. I just wanted to understand beyond this IDT I'm new 
to this company so I just wanted to understand what are the new areas company is working on 
and what are the how I mean what is the kind of product cycle we are at till we test out those 
products and how is the traction in the market today? 
Shivam Talwar: So beyond IDT's I mean I would say unfortunately or fortunately whatever way you want to call 
it IDT has become synonymous with our name, but that's not the only thing we've been doing 
it's just a matter of our early start in IDT that we started IDT's back in 2011 when nobody was 
doing IDT's and because of our long history we've been having a good performance on the field.  
We have large quantity of transformers installed on the field and hence we have a large inquiry 
base and automatically the renewable energy boom that happened in last 5 to 8 years has 
===== PAGE 17 =====
  Danish Power Limited 
  May 11, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
increased our volume from this particular product segment. But we've been always doing other 
type of transformer as well. 
So distribution dry types small power transformers all of them were already there and then some 
special application transformers as well those all are all on the pipeline still continuing to grow 
at at some or the other pace. Plus the power transformer segment has come in live as we've 
already mentioned that will give good revenue in FY28 is what we believe. And our other panel 
and automation division is also growing at a decent pace so we have a few options with us which 
are a priority to us including the IDT and we'll continue to focus on all of these. 
Dheeraj Kumar Reddy: Got it. Sir for BESS what is the transformer application which we have today? 
Shivam Talwar: See transformer application is same in every situation. Transformers need to change the voltage 
either step it up or step it down. I mean 9 out of 10 cases transformers where it is utilized 
whatever you may call it an IDT or BESS or power or distribution will do the role of a stepping 
up or a stepping down of the power. Now an IDT or a BESS will have different process, what 
kind of input is coming in, what voltages are you talking out, what are the specific features so 
that varies. But transformer work will remain same. Transformer will only step up or step down 
the voltage.  
Dheeraj Kumar Reddy: Understood. But sir like what we have seen during 2011 when we actually entered into the solar 
and renewable space, do you see the same thing will also happen with BESS? I mean I mean 
how do we see this space growing in the next like 4 to 5 years? Do you think like we need to 
build out some talent here to really grow like how we have done it in renewable space before? 
Shivam Talwar: Yes and we do see a lot of potential in this. It's more logical not just what is coming in. We've 
all seen how the renewable energy production generation is coming at a very good pace in the 
country, but the whole issue is that you don't only need power just in the day you need power at 
night as well and that's where the storage comes into play. 
Solar will only produce during the day and so logically it seems that we have to go either way 
either a pump storage or a battery energy storage, but storage has to come in and therefore it 
seems there is a lot of potential going forward. Fortunately the type of transformer has some 
similarity to what an IDT is and we are able to making sure that we are well prepared for this 
and already supplying in in this segment. So overall we feel it could be the next game changer 
like it had been in case of IDT. There is a strong possibility. 
Dheeraj Kumar Reddy: Understood. Sir and if I may ask one more question like what is the vision of the company like 
how do you see yourself in the next like 5 years to 7 years or even beyond like what is the 
aspiration in terms of new product development or in terms of you know capability building etc. 
how do you see Danish Power going forward? 
Shivam Talwar: See being honest 5 to 7 years with the way how dynamics are in the world nowadays I think it's 
always better to take slightly smaller steps. So next 2 years where we've done our product 
expansion in terms of EHV as well as the capacity expansion further to that we do look actively 
as we already mentioned in some earlier questions someone answered that. 
===== PAGE 18 =====
  Danish Power Limited 
  May 11, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
What is the next level of expansion we are planning, what kind of transformers will it be or we 
could also explore some related equipment as well on that line. So as a company the main vision 
is to making sure that we want to stay in the manufacturing space, but we want to diversify our 
product expertise. 
But at the same time we want to make sure that whatever product we do we want to be known 
as amongst the most reliable and good manufacturers. So we've tried to keep our name in that 
segment for the kind of transformers we currently do and that focus will remain forever for the 
company. 
Dheeraj Kumar Reddy: Got it. Thank you, sir. Thanks a lot.  
Moderator: Thank you. We will take the next follow-up question from the line of Yogansh Jeswani from 
Mittal Analytics. Please go ahead. 
Yogansh Jeswani: Yes. Thank you for the opportunity once again. Sir, just if you could help us understand what is 
the price increase that we have taken for the transformers both in all kinds of categories that you 
do if you can share a broad figure for that? 
Shivam Talwar: The price increase in the new orders because of the commodity rise? 
Yogansh Jeswani: Yes.  
Shivam Talwar: So it is varying because see aluminum has increased at a different pace, copper has increased at 
a different pace, the quantity volume of aluminum copper in a aluminum-wound transformer or 
a copper-wound transformer is is different and since we do both types of transformers we do 
aluminum-wound also we do copper-wound also. 
And then the oil quantities also vary like an aluminum-wound will have more oil because it is a 
larger transformer as compared to a copper-wound. So it is quite difficult to come to a figure 
and right now as I said we have just started securing orders in last 4 to 6 weeks. Those ranges 
are anywhere in the range from 5% to some are even going up to 15% or 18% as well. So it is 
quite difficult to come to a figure right now. I think once we complete this quarter or another 
month or so after that we will have some clarity as to what we are able to achieve in that. 
Yogansh Jeswani: Got it, sir. I think this is helpful, sir. And I understand the dynamic. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as a last question. I now hand 
the conference back to Mr. Shivam Talwar for closing comments. Thank you and over to you, 
sir. 
Shivam Talwar: Well, thank you, everyone, once again. Thank you for joining the call. Thank you for keeping 
trust in us. As I mentioned as a company we are committed to sustainable and good work with 
all possible transparency. So going forward with all your best wishes we look forward for a good 
FY27 for Danish Power as well. Thank you once again. 
===== PAGE 19 =====
  Danish Power Limited 
  May 11, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. On behalf of Danish Power Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
all for joining with us today and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such errors, 
although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 