          Board Of Directors


                      Holds an MBBS (Gold Medallist) and MD in Obstetrics &
                      Gynecology from Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda.
                      She has completed training in Advanced Gynecological
                      Endoscopic Surgery in Kiel, Germany, and in advanced
                      gynecological endoscopy from Melbourne IVF Gujarat Private
                      Limited.
                      She brings over 16 years of experience in IVF treatment.

                      Awards: Delhi Ratna Award (2008) and the Women
Dr. Manika Khanna,    Excellence Award (2016).                                           Mr. Vishad Khanna       Mr. Rajesh C. Bhojani
    Promoter & CMD                                                                             Director           Independent Director




                      Holds an MBBS from Manipal Academy of Higher Education
                      and a Diploma in Child Health from University of Delhi (1999)
                      and has been associated with Gaudium since its incorporation
                      and brings over 10 years of experience in pediatrics and child
                      health.
                      He currently leads the Pediatric Division and supports the
                      Company’s operations across India.

                      Awards: Secretary Appreciation Award from the Delhi

Dr. Peeyush Khanna,
                      Medical Association (2016), the Organizer Award at the
                      Pediatric Conference of North India (2015), Recognize the
                                                                                       Mr. Brajesh S Bhadauria    Mr. Suresh Marpu
    Promoter & WTD    Genius’ award (2021)                                               Independent Director     Independent Director


                                                                                                                                         22
