[page 1]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
    
(CIN: L67120GJ1994PLC115132) 
Member: NSE, BSE, MCX, NCDEX & MSEI 
Depository Participant with CDSL  
AMFI Registered Mutual Fund Distributor 
SEBI Registered Research Analyst & Portfolio Manager 
MAY 2025-MAY 2026 
INDIA 
                            
                 
      
October 30, 2025 
 
To,  
BSE Limited 
SCRIP CODE: 540725/ 976824/ 976825 
To,  
National Stock Exchange of India  Limited 
SYMBOL: SHAREINDIA 
 
 Sub: Outcome of Board Meeting pursuant to Regulations 30 and 51 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
Sir/Madam,  
 
In compliance with the provisions of Regulations 30, 51 and other applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing Regulations’), we are pleased to 
inform you that the Board of Directors of the Company at its Meeting held today, i.e., on Thursday, October 
30, 2025, has inter-alia: 
 
1. Approved the Un-audited Standalone and Consolidated financial results pursuant to Regulation 33 and 
52 of the Listing Regulations, for the quarter and half-year ended September 30, 2025, along with noting 
of: 
• Limited Review Reports on the Un -audited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results for the 
quarter and half-year ended September 30, 2025;  
• Security Cover Certificate issued under Regulation 54 of the Listing Regulations by the Statutory 
Auditor for the quarter and half-year ended September 30, 2025; 
 
2. Declared 2nd interim dividend of Re. 0.40/- (Forty Paisa only) per equity share having face value of Rs. 
2/- (Rupees Two only) each; 
 
3. Approved raising of funds by way of issue of Foreign Currency Convertible Bonds (“FCCBs”) up to an 
aggregate amount of USD 50 Million on private placement basis, subject to the approvals of the 
shareholders of the Company and regulatory authorities, as may be necessary.  
 
Further, the Board has authorized the Finance Committee of the Company to finalize the terms and 
conditions of the FCCB issuance and to undertake all such acts, deeds, matters, and things as may be 
necessary or incidental in connection therewith. 
 
The detailed disclosure as requ ired under Regulation 30 of the Listing Regulations read with SEBI 
circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 November 11, 2024 containing the final terms of the 
issuance, shall be submitted to the stock exchanges as and when determined by the Finance Committee, 
in accordance with applicable laws and regulatory requirements. 
 
4. Approved the classification of Mr. Het Jayeshkumar Shah, Vice President -Trading Operations, as a 
Senior Management Personnel of the Company; and  
 
5. Approved the proposal for incorporation of a new subsidiary with the proposed name of Share India 
Greyhill Private Limited or such other name as may be approved by Registrar of Companies (‘Proposed 
Subsidiary’), and to make an investment up to Rs. 6,00,00,000/- (Rupees Six Crore Only) in the equity 
shares of the proposed Subsidiary Company. Further, the Board has empowered the Finance Committee 
to evaluate and finalize the investment amount to be invested in the Proposed Subsidiary, in one or more 
tranches. 
 
 
[page 2]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
    
(CIN: L67120GJ1994PLC115132) 
Member: NSE, BSE, MCX, NCDEX & MSEI 
Depository Participant with CDSL  
AMFI Registered Mutual Fund Distributor 
SEBI Registered Research Analyst & Portfolio Manager 
MAY 2025-MAY 2026 
INDIA 
                            
                 
      
Further, the detailed disclosure as required under Regulation 30 of the Listing Regulations read with SEBI 
circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 November 11, 2024, pertaining to item no. 4 & 5 are enclosed 
as Annexure – I & II respectively.  
 
Furthermore, Thursday, November 06, 2025  has been fixed as the Record Date for the purpose of 
ascertaining eligibility of shareholders for payment of 2 nd interim dividend for the financial year 2025 -26. 
Payment/dispatch of dividend warrants towards afore -mentioned interim dividend for financial year 2025 -
26 will be done on or before Thursday, November 28, 2025. 
 
The meeting of Board of Directors commenced at 05:47 p.m. and concluded at 06:56 p.m. 
 
You are requested to take the same on your records.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Share India Securities Limited 
 
 
 
Vikas Aggarwal 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
M. No. F5512 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[page 3]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
    
(CIN: L67120GJ1994PLC115132) 
Member: NSE, BSE, MCX, NCDEX & MSEI 
Depository Participant with CDSL  
AMFI Registered Mutual Fund Distributor 
SEBI Registered Research Analyst & Portfolio Manager 
MAY 2025-MAY 2026 
INDIA 
                            
                 
      
Annexure-I 
 
Disclosure in terms of Regulation 30 of Listing Regulations read with SEBI circular No. 
SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 November 11, 2024 
 
Particulars  Disclosures 
Reason for change viz. appointment, re-
appointment, resignation, removal, death or 
otherwise; 
Classification of Mr. Het Jayeshkumar Shah , 
Vice President -Trading Operations, as a Senior 
Management Personnel. 
Date of Appointment/ Re-appointment/cessation & 
term of appointment/ Re-appointment 
Classification of Mr. Het Jayeshkumar Shah , 
Vice President -Trading Operations, as a Senior 
Management Personnel of the Company with effect 
from October 30, 2025. 
 
He is in Full time employment with the Company. 
 
Brief profile (in case of Appointment) Mr. Het Jayeshkumar Shah  is a dynamic and 
forward-thinking professional who brings fresh 
perspective and energy to the firm’s leadership 
team.  
 
He holds an MSc in Finance and Financial 
Technology from London, building on his strong 
academic foundation in commerce and finance. In 
his role as Vice President - Trading Operations, he 
plays a key part in driving operational efficiency 
and advancing the firm’s transition to innovative, 
technology-driven trading practices. Mr. Shah is 
dedicated to fostering sustainable growth, 
enhancing performance, and creating long -term 
value for the organization. 
 
Disclosure of relationship between Directors (in 
case of appointment of a director) 
Not Applicable  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
[page 4]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
    
(CIN: L67120GJ1994PLC115132) 
Member: NSE, BSE, MCX, NCDEX & MSEI 
Depository Participant with CDSL  
AMFI Registered Mutual Fund Distributor 
SEBI Registered Research Analyst & Portfolio Manager 
MAY 2025-MAY 2026 
INDIA 
                            
                 
      
Annexure-II 
 
Disclosure in terms of Regulation 30 of Listing Regulations read with SEBI Master Circular No. 
SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 11, 2024 
 
Particulars Details of Acquisition 
Name of the target entity, details in brief such as 
size, turnover etc.; 
“Share India Greyhill Private Limited” or such other 
name as may be approved by Registrar of Companies. 
Whether the acquisition would fall within related 
party transaction(s) and whether the promoter/ 
promoter group/ group companies have any 
interest in the entity being acquired? If yes, nature 
of interest and details thereof and whether the 
same is done at “arm’s length”; 
The Proposed Subsidiary, upon its incorporation, will 
become a Related Party of the Company. 
 
The transactions, if any, with the subsidiary shall be 
done at an arm’s length basis. 
Industry to which the entity being acquired 
belongs; Financial Services Industry 
Objects and impact of acquisition (including but 
not limited to, disclosure of reasons for acquisition 
of target entity, if its business is outside the main 
line of business of the listed entity); 
The Proposed Subsidiary aims to develop India’s 
technology-driven Fixed Income & Investment 
Distribution Platform by way of a joint venture 
between Share India Securities Limited and Greyhill 
Capital Private  Limited with a mission to combine 
Greyhill’s structuring expertise with Share India’s 
distribution and technology capabilities. With an 
objective to build a scalable, transparent distribution 
ecosystem for fixed -income and structured products, 
the new ven ture aims to take advantage of the 
expanding investor appetite for yield -based 
investments and enhances investor retention via 
product variety with a dual commitment long -term 
value creation. 
Brief details of any governmental or regulatory 
approvals required for the acquisition; 
Regulatory approvals from the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (SEBI) or other 
statutory/regulatory bodies as may be required and 
securing Exchange memberships to facilitate the 
business objectives of the Company. 
Indicative time period for completion of the 
acquisition; 
Not Applicable 
 
Consideration - whether cash consideration or 
share swap or any other form and details of the 
same; 
The subscription to the share capital of the Proposed 
Subsidiary will be made in cash. 
 
Cost of acquisition and/or the price at which the 
shares are acquired; 
The Cost of acquisition shall be up to Rs. 
6,00,00,000/- (Rupees Six Crore Only). 
Percentage of shareholding / control acquired and 
/ or number of shares acquired; 100% 
Brief background about the entity acquired in 
terms of products/line of business acquired, date 
of incorporation, history of last 3 years turnover, 
country in which the acquired entity has presence 
and any other significant information (in brief); 
Not Applicable as the Proposed Subsidiary is yet to be 
incorporated. 
 
