[page 1]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
    
(CIN: L67120GJ1994PLC115132) 
Member: NSE, BSE, MCX, NCDEX & MSEI 
Depository Participant with CDSL AMFI 
Registered Mutual Fund Distributor 
SEBI Registered Research Analyst & Portfolio Manager 
MAY 2025-MAY 2026 
INDIA 
                            
                 
      
October 03, 2025 
 
To, 
BSE Limited, 
Scrip Code: 540725/976824/ 976825 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Symbol: SHAREINDIA 
 
  
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015.  
 
Dear Sir,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) (Listing Obligations & Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the Listing 
Regulations, it is hereby informed that BSE Limited (“BSE”), has issued a caution  with respect to Shareholding 
pattern submitted for the quarter ended March 31, 2025.  
 
The details required as per Schedule III of the Listing Regulations are provided in the below Annexure. 
 
Additionally, we wish to inform you that the Company is committed to upholding the highest compliance standards 
and shall take necessary steps to address the said issue. 
 
You are requested to kindly take the above information on your records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Share India Securities Limited  
 
 
 
Vikas Aggarwal 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No. F5512 
 
  
[page 2]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
    
(CIN: L67120GJ1994PLC115132) 
Member: NSE, BSE, MCX, NCDEX & MSEI 
Depository Participant with CDSL AMFI 
Registered Mutual Fund Distributor 
SEBI Registered Research Analyst & Portfolio Manager 
MAY 2025-MAY 2026 
INDIA 
                            
                 
      
Annexure 
 
Details as required under Schedule III of the Listing Regulations 
 
Particulars Details of Administrative Warning 
Name of the Authority BSE Limited (“BSE”)  
Nature and details of the action(s) taken, initiated or 
order(s) passed. 
BSE has issued a caution  with respect to Shareholding 
Pattern submitted for the quarter ended March 31, 2025. 
Date of receipt of direction or order, including any ad -
interim or interim orders, or any other communication 
from the authority. 
The Company did not receive any intimation via letter/ 
email from the Exchange in this regard. However, as 
part of its routine practice, the Company logged in to its 
BSE Listing Portal today to review the communication 
dashboard and observed that a caution on September 25, 
2025 had been issued conc erning the Shareholding 
Pattern submitted for the quarter ended March 31, 2025. 
Details of the violation(s)/contravention(s) committed 
or alleged to be committed. 
During the quarter ended March 31, 2025, Mrs. Neelam 
Jindal was included for the first time in the Company’s 
Shareholding Pattern as a member of the promoter 
group, in compliance with the provisions of SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 the SEBI (Issue of Capital and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018 , resulting 
in a change in the promoter count compared to the 
previous quarter.  
 
On account of the above, the Exchange sent a query 
asking about the reason for quarter-on-quarter variation 
in its promoter group. The Company clarified that Mrs. 
Neelam Jindal, sister of Mr. Praveen Gupta (Promoter 
of the Company), has been categorized as a member of 
the promoter group , which was on account of  a gift 
transaction, wherein 5,00,000 equity shares held by Mr. 
Praveen Gupta, Promoter of the Company, were 
transferred by way of gift to Mrs. Neelam Jindal  and 
prior to this transaction, she did not hold any shares in 
the Company. 
 
Nonetheless, the Exchange subsequently issued a 
caution and advised the Company to exercise greater 
diligence in future filings.  
 
The Company has also responded to the caution, 
reiterating that the disclosure was made in accordance 
with applicable regulations. 
Impact on financial, operation or other activities of the 
listed entity, quantifiable in monetary terms to the extent 
possible. 
There is no impact on the financials, operations, or other 
activities of the Company. 
 
 
 
