[page 1]
  
Classified as Public 
Angel One Limited 
CIN:  L67120MH1996PLC101709, 
SEBI Registration No Stock Broker:INZ000161534, 
CDSL: IN-DP-384-2018, PMS:INP000001546, 
Research Analyst: INH000000164, Investment Advisor: INA000008172, 
AMFI Regn. No. ARN–77404, PFRDA, Regn. No.-19092018. 
Corporate & Regd Ofﬁce: 
601, 6th Floor, Ackruti Star, Central Road, MIDC, 
Andheri (E), Mumbai - 400093.  
T: (022) 4000 3600 
F: (022) 4000 3609 
E: support@angelone.in 
www.angelone.in 
Classified as Internal 
Classified as Internal
 To, 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Department of Corporate Service  
BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, G Block,  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001. 
Symbol: ANGELONE Scrip Code: 543235  
 
 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
Further to our intimation on June 24,2026, inti mating of the earnings call with analysts and 
investors to be hosted by the Company on July 16, 2026, please find enclosed herewith the transcript 
of the said earnings call for your reference and records.  
 
The transcript of the earnings call will be posted on the Company’s website at www.angelone.in. 
 
 
 
Thanking You, 
For Angel One Limited 
 
 
 
Naheed Patel 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
ACS: 22506 
 
Date: July 21, 2026 
Place: Mumbai 
 
 
[page 2]
Page 1 of 25 
 
 
 
Angel One Limited 
Q1 FY'27 Earnings Conference Call 
July 16, 2026 
 
        
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Dinesh Thakkar Managing Director  Ambarish Kenghe Group Chief Executive Officer 
Vineet Agrawal Group Chief Financial Officer  Amit Majumdar Group Chief Strategy Officer 
Ajit Narayanan Chief Technology Officer  Anand Agrawal Head of Product 
Arief Mohamad Chief Business Officer – Direct 
Business 
 Nishant Jain Chief Business Officer – 
Assisted Business 
Saurabh Agarwal Chief Business Officer - New 
Business 
 Rohit Chatter Chief AI Officer 
Sridhar Govardhan Group Chief Information 
Security Officer 
 Manmohan Singh Group Chief Risk Officer 
Subhash Menon Group Chief Human Resources 
Officer 
 Ajit Sinha General Counsel 
Manoj Agarwal Group Chief Compliance 
Officer 
 Bhavin Parekh Chief Product Operations 
Officer 
Srikanth Subramanian Co-founder & CEO – Ionic 
Wealth 
 Shobhit Mathur Co-founder – Ionic Wealth 
Dharmendra Jain Co-founder – Ionic Wealth 
 Murali 
Ramasubramanian 
Interim CEO – Asset 
Management – Angel One 
Asset Management Company 
Hitul Gutka Head of Investor Relations    
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the stock 
exchange on 16th July 2026 will prevail. 
  

[page 3]
 Angel One Limited 
  July 16, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 25 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Q1 FY '27 Earnings Conference Call hosted by 
Angel One Limited. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the 
company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date 
of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks 
and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please sign al an operator by pressi ng star then zero on 
your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Hitul Gutka from Angel One Limited. Thank you, and 
over to you, Mr. Gutka. 
Hitul Gutka: Good morning, and welcome, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to discuss Angel One's 
Q1 FY '27 financial and busine ss performance. The recording of today's earnings call and the 
transcript will be uploaded on our website under the Investor Relations section. The financial 
results, investor presentation and the press release are also available on the website. For 
today's call, Angel One is represented by Dine sh Thakkar, Chairman and Managing Director; 
Ambarish Kenghe, Group CEO; Vineet Agrawal, Group CFO. We also have the senior leadership 
team of Angel One, along with SGA, our IR consultants. The leadership team will give us a brief 
overview of the operational and the financial performance of the quarter gone by, which will 
be followed by a Q&A session. Please note that there may be certain forward-looking 
statements during the course of the call, which must be viewed in aggregate with the risks that 
the company faces. 
With this brief introduction, I now invite Mr. Dinesh Thakkar for his opening remarks. 
Dinesh Thakkar: Thank you, Hitul. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. 
When I look at India today, I see once in a generation opportunity for financial services. We are 
a nation of more than 1.4 billion people with nearly 1 billion people of working age, over 1 
billion Internet connection, world-leading digital infrastructure and rising incomes, yet 
participation in formal investing remains low related to India's size and potential. 
Our opportunity lies in enabling the hundreds of millions of customers who will enter financial 
ecosystem for the first time, helping them progress from access to participation and ultimately 
pointing them towards long-term wealth creation. 
This opportunity extends well beyond the categories we operate today. As customers' financial 
needs evolve, they will increasingly look for integrated financial solution across investing, 
wealth, credit, protection and retirement. The platform that understands the customer best 
and fulfils their need responsibly will have a significant long-term advantage. 
We believe technology-led financial platforms will continue to have a lasting advantage. 
[page 4]
 Angel One Limited 
  July 16, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 25 
 
Every interaction on our platform generates valuable data. Every transaction, query and 
decision helps us learn, adapt and improve. In our view, the winners over the next decade will 
not be simply those with largest customer base, but those with deepest understanding of their 
customer and the ability to convert that understanding into relevant, trusted, timely solution. 
That is why we remain in a continuous build mode because great fintech business are built by 
compounding intelligence over time. 
As our platform matures, that intelligence compounds enabling more relevant customer 
experiences. This deepens engagement, strengthens trust and expands monetization 
opportunity across multiple financial products. This leads to higher retention, a greater share 
of wallet and ultimately stronger customer lifetime value. 
As we expand into new customer segment, future cohorts do not need to monetize at the same 
level or at the same pace as earlier ones. What matters is that customers' lifetime value grows 
through deeper engagement and increased cross-sell adoption, while our technology platform 
and scale continue to lower the cost to serve. Together, this creates a powerful flywheel, wider 
reach, deeper engagement, better unit economies and sustained profitable growth. 
Our progress in this quarter should therefore be viewed in the context of this long-term 
strategy. We are not simply building a fintech product. We are building a long-term financial 
ecosystem designed to participate in India's fina ncialization journey for decades to come with 
technology, data and customer first at its core, and we believe we are still only at the beginning. 
With that, I will hand it over to Ambarish to  take you through our quarter 1 performance and 
key development during the quarters. Thank you. 
Ambarish Kenghe: Thank you, DT. Good morning, everyone. As DT highlighted, India is in the early stages of a multi-
decade financialization journey. For us, the opportunity is not only about acquiring users. It is 
about building enduring relationships, deepening engagement and becoming the preferred 
platform across every stage of their financial life cycle. 
At Angel One, we continue to execute on this vision by strengthening our platform, expanding 
our product ecosystem and embedding intelligence into every user interaction. 
Every trade, SIP, loan application, portfolio review, user query, et cetera, generate valuable data 
signals and insights. Over time, these signals create a powerful flywheel. Higher engagement 
leads to richer data, richer data power smar ter AI and smarter AI enables more relevant 
experiences. This allows us to deepen relationships with them and compound value over time 
through greater engagement, retention and wallet share. 
Importantly, this model is not built around one product. It is built around the user's evolving 
financial journey. A user may begin their relationship with us through trading and investing, 
later adopt mutual funds, seek credit as thei r financial needs grow and eventually require 
wealth management and lo ng-term asset allocation solutions. As they evolve through various 
[page 5]
 Angel One Limited 
  July 16, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 25 
 
stages of their life, there is a continuous requirement for new financial products, allowing us to 
deepen relationships and expand monetization at minimal incremental cost to serve. 
At the same time, the regulatory landscape continues to evolve. While we closely monitor these 
developments and remain agile in adapting to regulatory changes, our conviction in the long-
term opportunity remains unchanged. Over the years, we have consistently demonstrated our 
ability to navigate market cycles and regulatory transitions while continuing to invest in 
technology, product innovation and user experience. Our strategy is built with long-term 
perspective, anchored in the structural growth of India's capital markets rather than short-term 
market conditions. 
Our financial performance this quarter reflects the resilience of this approach. Revenue for Q1 
FY '27 grew 25.4% year-on-year to ₹ 14.3 billion. We maintained margins within our desired 
operating band post normalization of IPL-related expenses and ESOP reversals during the 
period. Consolidated profit after tax increased 102.1% year-on-year to ₹ 2.3 billion, 
underscoring the strength of our diversified business model and disciplined execution. 
Today, with over 38 million registered users, we are already seeing this play out. Broking 
continues to be a powerful gateway product with nearly 60% of our mutual fund clients 
engaging with us first through our broking services, while a meaningful proportion of mutual 
fund first customers subsequently participated in broking activities. This ability to create 
multiproduct relationships has helped us achieve our lifetime best average client funding book 
of ₹ 61.4 billion, sustain a 22.2% turnover market share in equity derivatives and improve our 
cash equity turnover market share to 17.4%, while maintaining a 20.2% share of overall retail 
equity turnover, reflecting the strong affinity users have for the Angel One platform. 
During the quarter, we continued to scale AI across both the user and operating stack. Ask Angel 
has evolved into a conversational assistant powering discovery, engagement and support 
journeys, serving over 1.1 million users and addressing queries in finance and support. Beyond 
user-facing experiences, AI is embedded across  user onboarding for face match, real-time 
signature validation, grievance and ticket automation, content generation, software 
development, analytics and portfolio intelligence. 
In addition to enhancing user experiences, AI is also enabling us to scale more efficiently by 
automating workflows and improving decision quality. As these capabilities continue to mature, 
we believe AI will increasingly become a source of both operating leverage and competitive 
differentiation. 
Our AI-led decisioning capabilities are increasingly driving both engagement and monetization. 
In credit, our propensity models, probability of default scorecards and lender approval engines 
enable intelligent user segmentation, richer engagement and more relevant product matching, 
leading to 130% year-over-year growth in our credit distribution to ₹ 5.3 billion. With only a 
small share of our customers having ever avail credit through the platform, we see a significant 
embedded monetization opportunity across our ecosystem. 
[page 6]
 Angel One Limited 
  July 16, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 25 
 
The same platform advantage extends into our wealth management business, where our 
technology-led experience continues to gain traction. Ionic Wealth-tech AUM crossed ₹ 32.3 
billion, while the UHNI segment expanded to 263 families with an AUM of ₹ 87.3 billion. Across 
the broader franchise, total AUM grew 33.3% to ₹ 134.4 billion, dominated by recurring 
revenue-linked assets. 
Our asset Management business also continues to witness momentum with its AUM crossing ₹ 
6.2 billion. Over time, we believe this business will become an integral part of our broader 
investment ecosystem, comple menting our existing offerings and strengthening customer 
engagement. 
As we scale, security remains foundational. Trust is the currency of all fintech platforms. We 
continue to operate with a security by design approach supported by ISO-certified systems, 
compliance and SEBI's CSCRF framework and alignment with evolving digital privacy standards. 
Through multiple layers of control, governance, monitoring, encryption and authentication, we 
remain focused on safeguarding the interests of all our stakeholders. We are also at the 
forefront of safeguarding our users from AI-driven risks in the post-Mythos era. As financial 
relationships deepen and AI becomes more pervasive, we believe trust, security and responsible 
use of data will increasingly become competitive differentiators. 
To conclude, our strategy remains robust, deepen engagement, expand product adoption, grow 
wallet share and leverage intelligence to create superior user outcomes. Increasingly, we see 
Angel One evolving into an intelligent AI-powered fintech that accompanies users through every 
stage of their financial journey. Our technology capabilities are compounding. Our platform 
moat continues to strengthen, and we believe we are exceptionally well positioned to 
participate in India's vast financialization opportunity for many years to come. 
I'll now hand it over to Vineet, who is our Group CFO. Thank you. 
Vineet Agrawal:  Thank you, AK. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. 
Quarter 1 of this financial year was another quarter of healthy execution for the company. 
While market activity moderated sequentially across the industry, our diversified business 
model once again demonstrated its resilience, enabling us to deliver healthy profitability, 
maintain margins, while continuing to invest for long-term growth. 
Consolidated revenue, gross revenue for the quarter stood at ₹ 14.3 billion, growing 25.4% year-
on-year while moderating 2.3% sequentially, largely reflecting softer trading activities across 
the capital markets. We processed 406 million orders during the quarter with the moderation 
primarily driven by lower derivative volumes, broadly mirroring industry trends rather than any 
change in our competitive positioning. 
Importantly, our revenue profile continues to become increasingly diversified, while our core 
trading platform remains our largest acquisition engine, contributing close to 60% of our gross 
[page 7]
 Angel One Limited 
  July 16, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 25 
 
revenues, the remaining 40% now comes from complementary businesses such as client 
funding, distribution, depository, wealth and other asset management businesses. This 
diversification is steadily improving the resilience and quality of our earnings profile. 
Interest income remained a key contributor duri ng the quarter, accounting for 32.6% of gross 
revenues and growing 2.6% sequentially to ₹ 4.7 billion. This was supported by continued 
growth in our average client funding book to ₹ 61.4 billion, while the period-end book reached 
a record ₹ 71.5 billion, reflecting increasing client engagement and deeper adoption of our 
financing solutions. 
Distribution income moderated sequentially owing to seasonally softer insurance sales and 
muted credit disbursement. While distribution currently contributes about 3% of revenues, we 
continue to see significant long-term opportunity across lending, insurance, wealth and 
investment products as client relationships deepen. 
Let me now turn to profitability. 
Reported consolidated EBDAT for the quarter stood at ₹ 3.6 billion, translating into a reported 
margin of 32.7%. 
Sequentially, profitability was primarily influenced by four largely seasonal or time-related 
factors, moderation in market activity, annual employee increments and variable pay accruals, 
fresh ESOP grants during the quarter and higher IPL-related brand marketing expenditure 
concentrated in April and May of this quarter. These impacts were partially offset through 
disciplined control over acquisition and operating expenses. 
More importantly, adjusting for these seasonal items, our normalized EBDAT margin stood at 
43.6% compared with 44.4% in the previous quarter, remaining comfortably within our guided 
operating range. 
I believe this is the more meaningful measure of the business. It demonstrates that our core 
franchise continues to generate strong operating leverage even as we consciously invest for the 
next phase of growth. Our newer businesses, particularly Wealth Management, Asset 
Management and Distribution, remain in their investment phase, but we are building them with 
the same financial discipline that has defined our core business. We continue to balance growth 
investments with profitability, ensuring that these businesses scale responsibly without diluting 
the overall return profile of the company. 
Consolidated profit after tax stood at ₹ 2.3 billion, representing 102% year-on-year growth, 
while our trailing 12-month PAT to ₹ 10.3 billion and EPS of ₹ 11.4. Profitability continues to 
compound faster than revenues, reflecting the scalability of our platform and disciplined 
execution across businesses. 
I am also pleased to share that the Board has approved our first interim dividend for this 
financial year of ₹ 1 per share with the record date being July 21, 2026. 
[page 8]
 Angel One Limited 
  July 16, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 25 
 
Our balance sheet remains one of our strongest competitive advantages. Net worth increased 
to ₹ 64.2 billion, while borrowings reduced meaningfully during the quarter despite continued 
growth in our client funding book. The temporary increase in borrowings at the end of the 
previous quarter was entirely related to the 1stApril banking holiday and has since normalized. 
Equally important is the quality of our assets. 83% of our client funding exposure is below ₹ 
100,000 per client, while 85% of the portfolio is less than 30 years old (to be read as less than 
30 days old), supported by fully collateralized client holdings and negligible delinquency. 
Our capital allocation philosophy remains consis tent and disciplined. We continue to deploy 
capital selectively into businesses where we see long-term structural opportunities while 
maintaining a strong balance sheet, healthy cash generation and prudent risk management. We 
are not pursuing growth at the expense of returns, while investment is evaluated through the 
lens of scalability, profitability and long-term shareholder value creation. 
Stepping back, I believe 3 things stand out from this quarter. 
First, our business model is becoming increasingly diversified with nearly 40% of our revenues 
now coming from businesses beyond core broking, making our earnings profile more balanced 
and resilient. 
Second, our core operating engine continues to demonstrate strong operating leverage, 
allowing us to absorb normal seasonal cost cycles while sustaining margins. 
And third, we are investing in the future with discipline. Our newer businesses are scaling 
steadily, but importantly, they are being built without compromising profitability, balance sheet 
strength or capital efficiency. 
Taken together, these give us confidence that we remain well positioned to deliver sustainable 
and profitable growth over the long term. 
With that, let me hand over it back to -- for the questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: The first question comes from the line of Prayesh Jain with Motilal Oswal Financial Services 
Limited. 
Prayesh Jain: Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Firstly, on the credit side, what has caused the 
slowdown? It's been kind of dipping over the past couple of quarters. What's kind of happening 
there. At Q3, we had disbursed about ₹ 710 crores, then ₹ 610 crores and now ₹ 530 crores. 
What's kind of transpiring there? 
 The credit growth in the industry seems to be very strong, but we've been kind of seeing 
weakish trends out there, and how should we think about it? Because you spoke about the 
potential of it, but it's kind of been slowing down at our end? That is point number one. 
[page 9]
 Angel One Limited 
  July 16, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 25 
 
 Point number two is on the broking side of the business, what is the kind of expectations you 
have from the current trajectory definitely for the month of July started on quite a weak note 
probably because of volatility or whatever the implications of BG would have on the overall 
industry, the second order impact would have happened on us. How do you see it kind of 
playing out in the next couple of quarters? And how should one read into the current weakness 
in the volumes? 
 Third would be on your Wealth Management business. Any color on -- again, and I ask this every 
quarter, but not getting these numbers, but anything on revenue that segment accounts for, 
cost, what's the kind of cost that's been incurred? 
 And lastly, if I compare the top management and particularly AMC, we've seen a massive churn 
in your top management. How do you see this business AMC, in particular, going ahead? And 
what are the plans out there? 
Ambarish Kenghe: Prayesh, we'll start one by one. As you went there, on the credit side, I shortly hand it over to 
Saurabh, but I think you have to look at specially the credit business in the long term, if you see 
year-over-year, there's a 130% increase, and I'll hand it over to Saurabh to provide a little bit 
more commentary on that. 
Saurabh Agarwal: So, you see generally disbursals in the quarter is driven by a combination of factors, your 
customer sentiment, lender underwriting and pricing and customer experience on the platform 
are the important ones. Over the long term, all of these do pan out. But in the short term, some 
of these can create some impact. We, however, continue to work with our lending partners to 
improve conversion and strengthen the customer journey, and are very confident that the 
actions we are taking put us in a much stronger position to improve growth going forward. 
 Having said that, our long-term thesis remains completely unchanged. We continue to see a 
very, very large opportunity in credit. Within the Angel ecosystem itself, we have a very large 
engaged customer base, strong proprietary data and significant headroom to deepen credit 
penetration. 
 Our focus is actually on building a scalable, high-quality business with strong unit economics 
and scalable lender partnerships rather than optimizing for every single quarter disbursals. And 
we actually believe this approach will create much larger and much durable business over the 
long term. 
Ambarish Kenghe: Thanks, Saurabh. On the broking piece, Prayesh, when you talked about, I'm assuming you're 
talking about the industry, ADTO. Look, I think we've seen 15 days of July. So too early to think 
about anything. The way we think about it is really in a year's time frame, nothing fundamental 
has changed about India, if anything, we are due for a big growth. So there is no -- I don't think 
there is anything to read into that one. 
 On the wealth management side, I'll hand it over to Srikanth to talk about it. Srikanth? 
[page 10]
 Angel One Limited 
  July 16, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 25 
 
Srikanth Subramanian: Look, see, for us, one of the more important metrics as far as wealth is concerned is to build 
high-quality asset management -- asset under management led kind of a business, and that's 
why one of the key focus that we put and very inordinate focus on that is to have a very ARR-
led AUM because in this kind of market as we are all aware, it's easy to give into the temptations 
of getting AUM, which is very high on one-time transactional revenue, which actually puts a lot 
of pressure on building a long-term sustainable business. 
 So, I think as an experience, all of us are brutally focusing on building a wealth management 
firm where not only are the assets growing at a very healthy rate, but the assets are growing 
with a significant focus on annuity as a corresponding revenue to that. 
 For us, what is also crucial is the unit economics are something that are starting to fire. It's been 
about 5 or 6 meaningful quarters after we started our business. And hence, one of the reasons 
why we focus more on parameters such as AUMs and cost-to-serve economics and unit 
economic metrics is those are the building blocks. 
 We've always maintained that we have a plan that we are working with , which gives us about 
3 to 4 years in terms of having a more potential breakeven visibility. And at this point in time, 
all parameters are pointing towards that region. So that's the approach with which we are 
building, Prayesh. 
Ambarish Kenghe: Thanks, Srikanth. And I think on the AMC question, I'll invite Amit Majumdar to talk about it. 
Amit Majumdar: Prayesh, on the AMC, look, I mean, for us, AMC is an important capability and within our wider 
wealth ecosystems, our objective is to obviously build products that are simple, relevant and 
digitally distributed while leveraging the strength of our customer base and technology 
platform. 
 At this stage, our focus is on building the right foundation and strengthening our product suite, 
distribution capabilities and customer experience. So, you should think of the AMC as an 
important strategic investment that complements our platform and deepens customer 
engagement over time. 
 So, we will continue to evaluate opportunities across the spectrum, but our philosophy remains 
to build where we believe we can create genuine customer value and differentiate through 
digital distribution and technology. 
Prayesh Jain: I get that, Amit. Just two things. One, what has so far not gone right? It has been some time 
that we have launched the AMC and we have hardly scaled up any AUM. And second, on the 
credit part, again, where you mentioned that -- so what has not worked for us in the last 6 
months, whether it is our platform, whether it is our relationship with the banks and with the 
partners, basically? Or what has not gone right that -- what has not worked for us that we've 
gone down by almost like, say, 30-odd percent from the peak. So, what has not really worked 
for us? Those would be my questions. 
[page 11]
 Angel One Limited 
  July 16, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 25 
 
Amit Majumdar: I'll pick up the AMC piece first and then let Saur abh of explain the credit part. Look, AMC all 
along has been a passive-only approach for us at the start. Passive businesses take a long time 
to mature. We started this about 15 months ago, not too long ago. And in that sense, passive 
grows as content grows, as educations grow. And if you know, passive is largely sold as a DIY on 
digital platforms. 
 So, the first 15 months has actually been to ensure that we roll out the right kind of products. 
Today, we have all the products that we need, the most important ones that we have already 
rolled out. And these have all got rolled out over time. In fact, most of the product rollout 
happened in the last quarter of the last fiscal. So, this takes time for it to build. 
 And while we are building the passive, we also recognize the fact that as an AMC, and given the 
length and breadth of the product suite that is available for us to exploit, we are looking at how 
to further expand this portfolio beyond what we are currently doing in passive. So, it's very early 
for us to actually comment on the performance as  of now. But we are confident that over the 
next 3 or 4 quarters, we will have far greater visibility on our real strategy on the AMC front. On 
the credit, Saurabh? 
Saurabh Agarwal: Just to expand on what I had said earlier. I think there are two or three things which could have 
gone better. But in general, I think lenders keep  calibrating their risk and their pricing on our 
base over time. So, quarter-over-quarter, some of these do impact our disbursals. Secondly, as 
well, I mean, since we work with lenders and wh o in turn work with a lot of tech partners 
themselves for underwriting and for KYC, etcetera, so some friction in those parts of the funnels 
also do impact in the short term. 
 But some of these have been identified and in the process of getting corrected. So, we don't 
see any short-term to midterm blip in the credit growth. In the long term, we are actually very, 
very bullish on the same. 
Ambarish Kenghe: Prayesh, I won't read too much into the quarterly gyrations, it's a very long-term business. You 
will see it grow. 
Moderator: Mr. Jain, are you done with your questions? 
Prayesh Jain: Yes, yes. 
Moderator: Next question comes from the line of Swarnabh Mukherjee with 360 ONE Capital. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: Just two, three questions. First, on the industry volume side, sir, I just wanted to understand 
that how you are, at the current run rate, seeing the broking volumes? So like in the first 15 
days of July, how are we seeing the broking volume, particularly on the derivative side? 
And do you see any impact of the RBI's circular second order impact on your numbers, if you 
can highlight that? If there is any possibility of a spillover effect that might come through, 
[page 12]
 Angel One Limited 
  July 16, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 25 
 
although I understand that we are not -- we do not do the prop trading part, but if any spillover 
effect is coming, if you could highlight, that is one. 
And secondly, I wanted to understand also on the MTF run rate, how are we seeing as we move 
in the first 15 days of July, if you could give some color on that, because I think at the industry 
level, it looks tepid. So any color would be helpful. 
Thirdly, on the cost front. Sir, wanted to understand that, I mean, our employee expense, the 
flattish trend despite the increment. So how should we think about the employee count? Has it 
kind of degrown over this period? I mean, if you can give some color on that. 
And fourthly, in terms of our customer acquisition cost, you have mentioned that the 
acquisition cost has been lower this quarter. Would you mean in terms of the per client 
acquisition cost? Or is this a function of lower number of customers acquired. These will be my 
questions. 
Ambarish Kenghe: Thanks, Swarnabh. I think on the first 2 question s, really, we don't -- we again talk about the 
quarter after it is done. So the first 15 days, I wouldn't -- I mean, you can look at the industry 
volumes. We continue to monitor our market shares and those situations, but we don't 
comment on them in the middle of the quarter. So I wouldn't want to talk about that. Maybe 
Vineet, do you want to talk anything about the RBI circular at all because I mean, it's really hard 
to say, hard for us to predict that. 
Vineet Agrawal: No. I mean, we are not seeing any kind of a liquidity issue as far as the funding position is 
concerned. So I mean, I think this is something which is transient and over a period of time will 
even out. 
Ambarish Kenghe: Vineet, also on the employee cost, you want to talk about employee costs and the number of 
employees? 
Vineet Agrawal: Yes. So Swarnabh, if you recall in the conversation that we were having in April, I had mentioned 
that we would be more or less flat as far as our employee cost is concerned vis-a-vis the last 
financial year. So in the last financial year, we were at about ₹ 11 billion for the entire year, 
including the cost for stock options. 
My sense is that we will be in that similar range in this year. And it's a bit early to give you a 
complete sense, but the way I'm looking at the business, we will be in the range of about ₹ 11 
billion as employee cost for the year. 
Ambarish Kenghe: But I think across the board, you'll see that as we grow, we want to continue to drive the 
business efficiently. On the CAC, I don't think we comment on the CAC itself, Overall, you may 
see some changes in the total acquisition cost, and that is just dependent on how rich the 
market is in terms of acquiring the customers, but we don't comment specifically on the CAC 
itself. 
[page 13]
 Angel One Limited 
  July 16, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 25 
 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: Right. So sir, just wanted to understand, I don't want any specific number in terms of the CAC, 
I just wanted to understand that your presenta tion comment was at an overall level and the 
total cost level or at the unit cost level of acquiring one customer? 
Ambarish Kenghe: Swarnabh, it was at a total acquisition cost level. 
Moderator: Next question comes from the line of Raman KV with Sequent Investments. 
Raman KV: Sir, I have 2 questions. One is from the presentation and from the numbers, one can see that 
our distribution revenue has declined over the past 2 quarters as a percentage of gross revenue. 
So can you -- is there any headwinds that we are facing in the distribution business? One is that. 
And second is with respect to client funding book, which has grown substantially quarter-on-
quarter. So, I just want to understand what is the risk of this client funding book on the -- at the 
company level if there is a -- if the market for next 2 quarters turns -- doesn't perform or the 
market takes a dive down? 
Ambarish Kenghe: Raman, thanks for the question. On the distribution revenue, some of these quarterly gyrations 
that you see are also because of the insurance distribution business because Q4, as you know, 
March tends to be very, very, very strong in that business. So I wouldn't read too much into it. 
We talked a bit about our lending business, but beyond that, not much. I think it's a very strong 
business. We continue to have great momentum there. So we do think you will see more 
momentum on that business. 
So -- on the MTF, on the client funding book, th ere is actually very, very limited risk to us 
because we have exchange prescribed margins an d sometimes, we go over and above that as 
well. So we stay quite safe. But Vineet, do you want to comment anything else on the risk? 
Vineet Agrawal: I think as I've been mentioning it in the past, the risk management system remains a strong 
backbone for any broking entity and especially for the client funding-related activities. We have 
a very strong risk management framework. And if you see in the past also, there have been 
instances where the markets have been flattish or there are events that have resulted in sharp 
decline in the market, but we haven't seen any kind of an issue. 
As far as the momentum is concerned, there are multiple factors, which drive the momentum, 
including movements in the market. I think the overall penetration at this point in time amongst 
our client base is pretty low. And therefore, we see a long-term strong growth opportunity in 
the client funding segment. And therefore, we are very bullish about it. 
Raman KV: Understood, sir. And sir, my final question is on the AMC business. It has grown substantially 
over the last -- like I think since we have launche d, we have been able to grow this business at 
80%, 90%. So I just want to understand what's our long-term vision? Like is there any internal 
target of reaching ₹ 100 billion AMC -- AUM in the near term? 
Ambarish Kenghe: Amit will take that question. 
[page 14]
 Angel One Limited 
  July 16, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 25 
 
Amit Majumdar: Raman. Yes. So look, I mean, we, of course, have -- we have set some targets for ourselves. And 
while -- until so far, our AMC has been primarily a passive AMC. But over time, we have been 
trying to figure out ways in which we want to expand this beyond what we are currently doing.  
And we did have -- we do have an expectation on the AMC over the next few years, but 
obviously, we cannot state that now because these are all in the works as of now. I'm sure you 
will hear more about this over the next couple of quarters. 
Moderator: Next question comes from the line of Neeraj Toshniwal with UBS. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: NSE active client base, we see some decline over there. And obviously, client acquisition has 
also been a little slower. So just wanted some sense, given the July activity has also started a 
little bit muted. How should one think about overall this trajectory and in that sense, the target 
for full year? 
Ambarish Kenghe: Look, I think Nifty client base, as you know, tends to be overall a 12-month metric. So depending 
on what has happened during those 12 months, that metric will sometime move month-to-
month. We continue to focus on getting a good client base, acquiring a good set of customers 
when they are available. 
And we keep monitoring as well as figuring out which level we want to acquire clients. We are 
acquiring at a fairly good market share in terms of -- when you look at our market share, we 
continue to acquire at a high market share there. So as -- and especially some of these are also 
dependent on market conditions. 
As you see perhaps more IPOs when people get interested, as you see some more activity in 
the Nifty, right? I think that's also been quite flat, you'll see more investors come back in, and 
that should start showing you good numbers. At the same time, I think we continue to be quite 
strong, and if you look at the ranking on the active, so it continues to be strong, and we think in 
the future, you'll see us rise from there. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: Okay. And in terms of the overall target and the aspiration for 40%, 45% margin, that kind of 
stays, I think, ex- of the wealth rundown what we are having every quarter. So there's no change 
in trajectory over there, right? I mean... 
Ambarish Kenghe: I mean, no change in that. You can actually se e the -- I mean, you can see that quarter-over-
quarter, we've been actually doing that. And we -- just to be clear, when we give you that 
guidance, we always talk about the stand-alone margin. But overall, consol also, I think you see 
our margins have been fairly healthy. This quarter, of course, because of IPL and other 
adjustments, you have to look at it on an adjusted basis. And that 45% to 50% margin guidance 
remains intact. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: Got it. And lastly, again, on the distribution bit, as you mentioned that it will pick up and you 
have confidence in that. Just wanted some sense any seasonality here? Obviously, Q4 has 
[page 15]
 Angel One Limited 
  July 16, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 25 
 
generally more towards distribution side in later part of the year. But are we seeing some trends 
in terms of doing something different to make it improve from here? 
Ambarish Kenghe: So Neeraj, I mentioned earlier, definite seasonality, especially in insurance, you see definite 
seasonality there. On lending, we talked about it. You will see it rise from there. We are actually 
at a -- where we want to go compared to that, we are at a very small base. So you will see it rise 
from there. Also, a very small number of our customers have ever taken loans from us. 
So you will see definite momentum in those areas. But again, we don't think of especially a 
business like lending, we don't want to think of it quarter-over-quarter. It's really important to 
grow it responsibly. And so we look at a very long-term view of that. We have a fantastic set of 
7 partners. All of them are growing. So you will see momentum there. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Nidhesh Jain with Investec. 
Nidhesh Jain: My first question is on the -- slightly on the wealth management for the existing clients of Angel 
One platform. So if you look at our AUC of stock is very high at ₹ 1.7 lakh crores, but mutual 
fund assets that these clients are managing on your platform is quite low at, I think, around ₹ 
20,000 crores. 
So how do you plan to, first of all, increase the engagement from a mutual fund perspective? 
And secondly, how do you see monetization of the AUC of stock that your clients are managing 
in terms of stock advisory or anything else? 
Ambarish Kenghe: So I think we are actually seeing momentum in mutual fund. It's an important business to create 
wealth for our investors. And so one of the metrics that we look internally at is just how many 
active SIPs and what is our share of that. And across the board, we are seeing definitely that do 
well for us. 
You will see a few things here that will change the momentum further. One is, I think we are 
starting to use AI to make sure that people can get their questions answered, and you will see 
momentum on that front. We're also improving UX and UI on certain front to make the usability 
even better.  
Also on the assisted business side, we have a focus on mutual fund distributors. So you're going 
to see value on that front also. So we are seeing momentum, and there is more momentum 
coming on that front for sure. 
Nidhesh Jain: And any plan to offer stock advisory, etcetera, to further your clients to manage their 
investment in stocks better? 
Ambarish Kenghe: Look, not at this time. We do -- of course, we have RAs and we provide calls, as you know, those 
are different. But no plans on the stock advisory front. We, of course, have Ionic, which is our 
sort of wealth management business, so people can sort of have a full solution set there on that 
front. 
[page 16]
 Angel One Limited 
  July 16, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 25 
 
Nidhesh Jain: Sure. Secondly, in terms of AP channel, what is the count of active AP that you have as of June 
'26? Secondly, in that channel, I think we had plans to scale up loan distribution, mutual fund 
distribution and other financial service product distribution. So what is happening there? Any 
data that you can share? 
Ambarish Kenghe: I'll let Nishant take that question. 
Nishant Jain: Count of AP was the question, I guess. So it should be around 9,800 at this point, active APs. 
Ambarish Kenghe: That's an approximate count. Approximately think of the number of APs as about 10,000 is what 
you should think of. And I think your next question was about mutual fund distribution? 
Nishant Jain:  Yes. So we have very aggressive plans.  
Nidhesh Jain: You have plans to use AP channels for mutual fund distribution, loan distribution, insurance 
distribution and other financial service product distribution. So what is happening there? 
Nishant Jain: So yes, that is a natural progression, which is making our APs more salient with regards to their 
capabilities and their ability to offer multiproducts. And that has been a very clear visioning that 
we have had with regards to multiproduct selling GTM on back of our existing APs. As also like 
A.K. alluded, we are looking at reinstating the acquisition on the mutual fund distributor side as 
well. So I think you would find multichannel, multiproduct play as we move forward. 
Nidhesh Jain: Do you also plan to originate, let's say, small DSAs on the platform for loan distribution? 
Nishant Jain: No, not at this point. 
Nidhesh Jain: Sure. And the last question is on Wealth Management. What is the contribution of wealth 
management in terms of revenue and cost for the quarter? 
Ambarish Kenghe: Let Vineet take that. 
Vineet Agrawal: Revenue right now, we're not disclosing any revenue as Ambarish mentioned earlier, it's a very 
nascent stage. So we don't disclose the re venue for the wealth management or the AMC 
business separately. As far as the cost is concerned, so the cost is in line with our plans for this 
year.  
Overall, as far as the operating margin decrement is concerned, it's about 4% for both the AMC 
and the wealth businesses put together from the overall. So on an adjusted basis, where you're 
seeing about a 44% operating margin for the broking and the distribution business -- sorry, for 
the consolidated business, this includes the burn that is there for the wealth and AMC 
businesses. 
Nidhesh Jain: So 400 basis point is the burn from the wealth and AMC for the quarter? 
[page 17]
 Angel One Limited 
  July 16, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 25 
 
Vineet Agrawal: Yes. Given that this quarter was different in terms of the spends on IPL and all. So therefore, 
this burn is about 4%, 400 basis points. 
Moderator: Next question comes from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh with Citi. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: So a few questions from my side. Firstly, if I look at your annual report, it seems that there has 
almost been a 15% to 20% decline in the employee count in FY '26. Now if I were to take a view 
over the next 2 to 3 years in terms of your employee base, I mean, the way I see it is on one 
side, you will probably continue to invest in the new businesses, maybe sales teams, product 
teams? While on the other side, you might want to kind of rationalize your existing base on the 
pure-play platform or the traditional business that you're building on the platform side and APs. 
So just wanted to get some sense of how does your employee count look like from a business 
perspective when you think of it from medium term? 
Second question is on the wealth franchisee. Now if I look at it, out of your overall AUM, ultra 
HNI AUM, the way you classify it, is still the biggest contribution to the overall AUM number. 
Now looking at the ticket size, it seems that you would be competing with the incumbent wealth 
companies in that segment? So the question really is what's the strategy from a client 
acquisition perspective? I mean and especially in linkage with that relationship manager 
acquisition perspective, I mean, are these RMs people who have been working in existing banks 
or maybe boutique wealth franchisees who -- when they get onboarded on the platform already 
have a clientele list, which they can tap into? So just wanted to get some sense of the client and 
RM acquisition strategy in that business. 
And finally, the last question, in one of your comments, you mentioned that on the wealth side, 
you want to build a franchisee around recurring revenues. But when I look at the broader 
markets and maybe compare it globally also, I think access to exotic deals, one-off transactions, 
have been a key driver of acquiring new clients in certain segments. So at a certain point of 
time, once the AUM scales up, how does your product strategy really shape up? 
Ambarish Kenghe: Thank you, Dipanjan. On the first question of employee count, I've mentioned before, we 
continue to make sure we drive our business in the most efficient manner. At the same time, 
we are looking -- always looking for talent in the right places. If we find a good talent that will 
result in growth for us, we'd always go after th at because long-term growth always will beat 
that cost.  
But overall, over the next 2-3 years, you're definitely going to see the world change. There is AI, 
other tools, all of that. And we'll continue to stay on that trajectory. And overall, I don't want 
to give a guidance on employee count, but you will see employee productivity increase for sure 
as we have all this -- access to all of these things.  
But across the board, and not just with employee count and across the board, you should think 
of us as continuing to work on running our business more efficiently, get more productivity out 
of the unit resource that we have, whether it's capital, people, anything else. On the wealth 
[page 18]
 Angel One Limited 
  July 16, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 25 
 
stuff, Srikanth, can you comment on those two questions on the AUM as well as the recurring 
revenue stream, please? 
Srikanth Subramanian: Yes, I'll do that. And Dipanjan, firstly, congrats. I think you asked some questions which are at 
the heart of wealth management itself. I'll give you our take of how we are sort of building this 
franchise. Look, I think it's been a stated position since the beginning that we are building a full-
service suite as far as wealth management is concerned.  
We are catering to most customer cohorts, largely split as either the ultra-high net worth, which 
we loosely qualify as customers with net worth of ₹ 50 crores and above and people between 
the ₹ 1 crores and ₹ 50 crores net worth. So as far as the first is concerned, it's something that 
majority of the leadership team have done for about two decades, and hence, the ability for us 
to have attracted the right quality of talent. 
And along with the right quality of talent, the righ t quality of clients sort of walking in, that's 
been one of the reasons why you see an initial higher sort of AUM building towards UHNI. I see 
the trend continue, but I also see the trend where it starts becoming more flatter and more 
equally distributed between the ultra-high net worth and the second business, which is the ₹ 1 
crores to ₹ 50 crores wealth tech segment.  
So the difference between the 2 businesses is the first business of ultra-high net worth 
continues to be a RM relevant high touch and a domain-led capability. A lot of productivity-
based experiments happen behind the scenes, where to keep every RM productive and 
relevant, we are able to now, at a very initial date, are able to demonstrate a far superior unit 
cost economics as compared to what is the traditional conventional norm.  
So whether it is in terms of coverage of RM fr om a service point of view, coverage of RM from 
an operational point of view, coverage of RM fr om an advisory analytics point of view, those 
using some of the automation that we've been able to bring together, we are seeing the 
integration of the RM providing the right comfort for the investor from an experience point of 
view. 
And behind the scenes, the productivity and efficiency getting some high-quality attraction. 
Now as far as the second business is concerned, where currently we are at close to about ₹ 
3,400 crores, ₹ 3,500 crores of AUM, that's the business which is built more granularly because 
unlike the UHNI business where there could be lumpy assets that comes in, in the second 
business, the fun of building that business is that, that business gets built granularly, is 
extremely sticky as we continue to build, and from a volume point of view, that's the one that 
sort of stretches the belly horizontally if we build that right. That business for us also pivots 
from being a high-touch wealth business into an omnichannel business where we use the 
availability of technology and RM, and we put the power of choice in the hands of the investor. 
So the way we have positioned this is instead of preaching to the investor what is right, we put 
the power in hands of the investor to choose whether they wish to have services disseminated 
to them through technology or through the RM.  
[page 19]
 Angel One Limited 
  July 16, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 25 
 
That's how the two businesses are fairly dealing. We, on the other hand, have made a fairly 
innovative call where we do not differentiate between the 2 businesses basis products or 
service superiority or inferiority. In many cases, if a client is characterized in a lower or a higher 
segment, you are also assumed that they will also get better service or better product, but what 
technology has shown us all throughout is you need not have differentiation in your service or 
product capabilities, but you can have the ability to service one-to-many and one-to-one using 
a tech or an RM kind of an interface. So that's the core with which we are operating. 
As far as your customer acquisition question is concerned, the first business self-answers it. The 
UHNI business usually works with high-quality RMs bringing in their customers, and usually the 
reference flywheel in a UHNI business is extremely strong. So with the team having done this 
for a fairly long period of time, this part of the business comes fairly naturally to us.  
On the other side, having good quality access to products, and not all products need to be 
exotics or not all products need to be transactional, but products could also be, for example, 
one for us -- one of our very strong product focus has been international experiences for 
investors. 
Now those are the areas, including products, right research, domain, and high-quality RM, have 
been the reason why our customer acquisition flywheel continues to be extremely strong at 
this point in time. And second question, in some sense is partly answered, that while you're 
absolutely right, that you can't always have only very similar asset allocation products, while on 
the more sustainable basis, that is the approach that builds the core, but what is equally crucial 
is that you always have to have access to hi gh-quality products, which could be at some point 
of time privates, unlisted, international, or for that matter, even listed equity. And I think with 
the experience of a very strong product and research team, we are in no shortfall of that as 
well.  
I don't think we have a philosophy of cutting products as transactional revenue. We look at 
products as exclusive, contextual to market, strong guardrails of having gone through suitability 
and product approval, committee approvals. But we have enough products at all points of time 
where we are able to grab the right attention from an investor point of view, Dipanjan. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: Thanks for the detailed answer. Maybe one small follow-up. If you were to hypothesize and 
think of those business, let's say, 5 years from now, would it be fair to say that new to Angel 
customers would form bulk of the AUM? On the wealth piece specifically, Ionic? 
Srikanth Subramanian: I think it should be an important pivot. I wouldn't go so far as to say whether -- I mean, that's 
one of the superpowers that we all have, right? We have a strong customer acquisition 
throughput through Angel One. We have a strong product and domain platform here at Ionic. 
The combination of the 2 should, in some sense, play out in the right form. But at this point of 
time, we are also seeing extremely strong organic customer acquisition on the UHNI as well. So 
while it is possible, what you're saying could be a reality, but on the other hand, we continue to 
see the organic acquisition through the current team, organic customer acquisition through the 
[page 20]
 Angel One Limited 
  July 16, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 25 
 
product that we are launching, and also client references continuing to grow very strong. So 
difficult to hypothesize, but yes, it would be one of the stronger pillars for sure. 
Moderator: Next question comes from the line of Pavan Kumar with Edelweiss Public Alternatives. 
Pavan Kumar: Sir, thank you for the opportunity, and congrats  on really good performance. A couple of 
questions. Can you please give any update on launch or progress of loan against securities via 
your own NBFC? That is one. And on the personal loan side, can you give update on like addition 
or deletion -- I mean, reduction in any of the partners with whom you are distributing the loans? 
And third question, touching on the earlier question by another participant, the employee count 
has gone down from 4,139 at the end of FY '25 to about 3,300 at the end of FY '26. Can you give 
which divisions have seen a significant reduction? The fourth question on the cash realization, 
right? They seem to have shot up meaningfully this quarter from about ₹ 15, ₹ 16 earlier to 
close to ₹ 19. Is this driven purely by the increase in ticket sizes or any other reason? Thank you. 
These are my questions? 
Ambarish Kenghe: Thank you, Pavan. A really good set of questions. I'm going to shortly hand it over to Saurabh, 
but on the LAS, the quick answer is that we have a pilot going on, which is a very small pilot, but 
you're going to see that expand. But Saurabh, you want to talk about LAS and personal loan 
partners? 
Saurabh Agarwal: I think we have spent quite some time -- hi, Pavan, so we have spent quite some time building 
the infrastructure and the journey for the LAS business, and we are in COG mode right now. As 
and when we get more experience from the customers, we'll open up the entire base, and in 
next two or three quarters, you should see that business becoming big.  
On the PL side, we work with 7 lenders right now, and over time, some of the lenders come in 
and they scale with us and some of the lenders who don't scale with us, we sort of offload them. 
So 7 it is -- right now, it is across banks and large NBFCs primarily with a couple of fintechs 
getting added over the last 2 or 3 quarters. 
Ambarish Kenghe: Thanks, Saurabh. And Pavan, you'll see that listed  on Page 18 of our quarterly report. On the 
employee count, I think we don't break out specific ally in different functions. But you know as 
I've said, we continue to become more and more  efficient. On the cash realization question, I 
think there's a few factors there. 
 If you look at it over a period of time, there was -- in November, we had made a small pricing 
change. That definitely has an impact. But recently, quarter-over-quarter, what we have seen 
is 2 major factors, one is the change in the ticket sizes, right, greater than 20,000 versus less 
than 20,000 orders. So you're seeing a different mix there. So that is resulting it. 
 Second is that on the assisted side, we have different plans. There is a value-added plan that 
we have started where we get a better cash realization, and that has been doing extremely well 
because customers are liking it and signing up for it. And we see in this business that when you 
[page 21]
 Angel One Limited 
  July 16, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 25 
 
provide the right set of features and service to the customers, they're willing to pay more for it 
because their investment and money is much more important than what they pay as a 
brokerage. So we are seeing that play out. 
Pavan Kumar: Just one follow-up. Do you see further scope for the increase in the realization of the cash from 
the assisted exhibition? 
Ambarish Kenghe: Look, it's very hard to predict, especially on the mix side. So I wouldn't bake in any further 
increase from here, and it can change quarter-to-quarter, depending on how the mix of orders 
come in, which we don't necessarily control. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Ritika Dua with Bandhan. 
Ritika Dua: So just wanted to understand the opportunity on the U.S. equity side. So how would maybe you 
know we would look to maybe position in term s of pricing or maybe product differentiation? 
Yes, just a broad would help. Thank you. 
Ambarish Kenghe: Look, I think it's a good question. U.S. equities is a very interesting opportunity. We already 
have certain offerings, but we are looking to upgrade these offerings. We got a GIFT City license 
also on that front, as you would have seen. We can't talk about any pricing at this time because 
we haven't launched the product. I would say just wait for it, but we do think it's an important 
segment where you'll see more activity from us for sure. 
Ritika Dua: Just one follow-up, if I may. So for the offerings which are already there in the market, I mean, 
is there a number maybe in terms of how profitable it is? And also maybe what is the allowable 
limit and etcetera, which -- just to maybe understand per customer basis -- per customer, how 
much would be the allowable limit there? So 2 follow-ups… 
Ambarish Kenghe: Look, the industry stuff we can follow up with you on, but that's sort of industry data that's out 
there. On the limit, really these are the LRS limits that are prescribed by the RBI and so these 
are sort of -- this is actually a fully cumulative limit for the year. So it's really $250,000 is what 
the LRS limit is. But depending on like what you're doing, there are different limits may apply. 
So I don't want to provide a regulatory answer here, but that's sort of what you should look at, 
is that it's really based on the LRS limits. So it is part of that, it is not outside of that. 
Moderator: Next question comes from the line of Deepak Lalwani with Unifi Capital. 
Deepak Lalwani: First question is on the client acquisition side. So we've seen some moderation in this quarter. 
So is that a deliberate approach that we have taken to control costs, etcetera., or are we seeing 
some challenge on ground to acquire new customers, given that the leader has become more 
active, his client active market share has gone up slightly from March levels. Just wanted to 
touch upon that. 
Ambarish Kenghe: Deepak, thank you for the question. On the client acquisition, if you see, you should look at the 
overall industry data. If you see what is sort of the CDSL number for client acquisition, that itself 
[page 22]
 Angel One Limited 
  July 16, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 25 
 
actually has been softer last few months. But the way we look at our client acquisition is that 
we are looking at what kind of  client segments are available.  We have different channels of 
acquisition, and we say, look, what is the cost at which a client is coming? What segment are 
they from? What kind of LTV can we get out of them? And based on that, we keep adjusting our 
spend. This is not to reduce costs in any way. If we get great clients at some time through 
channels, we would actually -- we have mentioned in the past that we would definitely be 
biased towards growth. So there's no specific intention to reduce costs on that front. 
Sometimes when the markets are not doing that well, a lot of customers don't get excited by 
being -- first time coming to the equity market. When markets are doing well, lots of IPOs are 
happening, customers get excited and more people want to join the fray. 
 But long-term, you will see the trend that equities are very underpenetrated in India. Only 5% 
to 10% of retail wealth is in equities. So long-term trend will continue. So I won't read too much 
into the sort of last month or 2 there. 
Deepak Lalwani: I understand that. Sir, the cost related to these client acquisitions, if you just divide the cost by 
the client acquisition run rate, it seems to be on the higher side. So I understand there is an IPL 
cost associated with it, but apart from the lumpy IPL cost, is there a structural increase in our 
cost to acquire new clients, or will we be getting back to our older levels of client acquisitions? 
Ambarish Kenghe: So one thing I just want to make sure. I know you're not sort of alluding to that, but I just want 
to clarify that. Look, the IPL costs are really not a acquisition cost. It's a branding cost, very, very 
long-term cost. So that has to be kept very much out of it. And even though sort of you're not 
going there, but that said, generally what happens, and we've said this in the past, is that during 
the IPL time, there's a lot of activity in the market, so the client acquisition cost does tend to 
creep up a little bit, but it does come back down. So we expect that to happen. I do think really 
it is dependent more on how the markets are doing and that can get people excited about it. 
When markets are flattish over a period of time, new investors may not want to come into the 
fray because they've not seen the long-term trajectory and the long-term advantages. But over 
a period of time, they see it and they come in. 
Deepak Lalwani: I just wanted to touch upon the wealth division. Although we've scaled up well, I just want to 
understand a level deeper on our right to win in this segment because our assets are largely 
coming from the ultra-high net worth individuals today and it's mostly ARR assets. So it's the 
best of 2 that we can have. So wh at exactly have we gotten right?  And what's our right to win 
in terms of scaling up on our current efforts? What you've answered in the previous question 
was the talent pool, which is available with us and the scale that each RM can get to. How much 
more juice is left in the productivity of that particular RM and the scale up of RM that you will 
be incurring in the coming years? So if you can touch upon the scalability that you're envisaging 
with the Ionic Wealth brand as well. 
Ambarish Kenghe: Srikanth, can you take that question, please? 
[page 23]
 Angel One Limited 
  July 16, 2026 
 
Page 22 of 25 
 
Srikanth Subramanian: Yes. No, Deepak. I think I anyways gave a slightly more detailed answer than the previous one. 
But just to sort of quickly touch upon our vision of in terms of how it's scaling. One, look, I don't 
think wealth is going to be a winner takes all market. I think in all developed parts, in all 
significant markets, there is always room for 8 to 10 high-quality wealth players, even in the top 
end of the pyramid. And as you start going down the pyramid, the ability for multiple people to 
coexist only increases thereby. So a, I think this question of each one having a unique right to 
win, while strategically each one will figure their own sort of strategy for us, it's the holy grail 
of integration between the right relationship talent, the right domain talent, and the right tech 
talent. And the intersection of these 3 sort of come. 
 But I think the way newer sort of wealth management clients are coming into the fold, the 
scalability is abundant. We had coined that term 2 years ago in the media called triple multiplier. 
Essentially what it says is that this is one of the unique industries where you are seeing 3 engines 
of growth expanding the market. You've got the as sets that are already deployed appreciating 
by x percentage, you've got newer customers entering the world of investments each year, and 
you've got the current investors increasing their investment amount each year due to their sort 
of disposable income going high. 
 All 3 are mutually exclusive, which is feeding into this market growing at a pace which is 
unparalleled to many other markets. And as India grows from a US$ 2,800, US$ 2,900 per capita 
GDP towards greater heights, financialization is going to be a crucial sort of theme. So I think 
for us, scale availability of both customer base and talent pool, while enough is being said about 
it, we don't see that as a huge challenge. I think if we do the basic parts of risk management 
right, which is ensure that most of the products that we do are at core points of time right to 
both the customer suitability and market, we are able to ensure that we get talent pool, which 
is exactly right for our DNA rather than getting talent pool for any reason. 
 And c, using technology to make sure that the cost does not put its head up in a manner that it 
becomes untenable. I think if we keep these 3 things right, and that's the reason why I gave that 
slightly more exaggerated answer in the first question, that for us, using technology to make 
sure productivity is high is extremely crucial. 
 And after that, a quick last answer as a rejoinde r is given the experience of the team and given 
the fact that we've been very sort of lucky to have been joined by very high-quality talent on all 
3 sides, which is relationship, tech, and domain, every now and then, the team is able to lay its 
hand on slightly unique offerings, be it global, be it commodities, be it multi-asset allocation 
through discretionary formats. These are some of the early successes. 
 So the right sprinkling of ideas, which are slightly ahead of its time and going extremely strong 
on basic foundational principle, and the fact that India continues to grow means that I think 
none of the serious wealth players should worry about the scale opportunity that India 
presents. 
[page 24]
 Angel One Limited 
  July 16, 2026 
 
Page 23 of 25 
 
Deepak Lalwani: Sure. Understood. Sir, you mentioned in the previous remarks that a breakeven period is going 
to be about 3 to 5 years. So if you can dwell deeper on this as to how you're thinking about 
breaking even? Is it going to be revenue-led or you're not going to increase cost much? So one 
is on that. 
 And on an absolute basis, earlier you used to speak about 3% of revenues being burnt in these 
new ventures, and now you're talking about 4%. So is there an absolute quantum that you can 
give us maybe ₹ 100 crores or ₹ 150 crores for these new ventures that Angel One is ready to 
bear until the next 3, 4 years? I know percentages are good, but an absolute quantum should 
be useful? 
Ambarish Kenghe: Let Vineet take that question. 
Vineet Agrawal: Deepak, on the cost overall for the business, yes, as I mentioned, it is about 4% for both the 
AMC and the wealth businesses put together for this quarter. But overall, I think we will be in 
the range of about 3%, 3.5% as at the financial year. So given that this quarter was different in 
terms of the seasonality as well as the other costs -- other costs that are there. 
 So therefore, you are seeing a higher contribution as far as the burn is concerned in the 
operating margin level. On the breakeven side, I think we have been quite consistent that this 
business over a period of, say about 3 to 4 years should be incrementally breaking even. 
 Having said that, if we see opportunities to accelerate growth, we will definitely look forward 
to accelerate the growth and build the business on a stronger platform for a longer term growth 
and sustainability perspective. As of today, as I said, in the past also we mentioned that from 
the beginning, we are contemplating in about 3 to 4 years this business should incrementally 
breakeven. 
Moderator: Mr. Lalwani, please rejoin the queue for more questions. Next question comes from the line of 
Subhash with Value Investments. 
Subhash: Sorry. My question is not regarding your financia ls. I mean, your app is great. I'm one of your 
longest standing customers, and I've referred you to so many people. Because of a problem that 
I'm facing with your app or the restriction that you have placed in the app, I've stopped referring 
you to other people. I've tried calling your customer care, escalating to next level, nothing has 
worked. 
 So that's why I thought maybe I could join the earnings call and talk to the top-level 
management. I think you are aware about the RSM category in Angel One, right, which is called 
as restricted basket, where a group of stocks which are put under this basket are restricted to 
either buy or sell. Even if we call the customer care and if we ask them to buy or sell, even they 
are not able to do it. 
 And this restriction is not from SEBI; this is a restriction which is done at the Angel level. So my 
question is, when there are so many restrictions already, which are very overwhelming by SEBI 
[page 25]
 Angel One Limited 
  July 16, 2026 
 
Page 24 of 25 
 
already in India, if you see the ESM, the T2T, there are so many red circuits, so many things are 
there. So why this restricted basket is created by Angel when no other app has any such 
restriction? 
 For example, if I go to Zerodha, Upstox, or Groww, none of these apps have this restriction. I 
can buy any stock, I can sell any stock there. An d only for this reason, I have gone to CDSL 
website. I had to move my SME segment shares from Angel One to Zerodha because of this 
restriction. 
 And let's say that this restriction is not put on a stock when I'm buying, but then after some 
days it is put under that basket and I won't be able to sell it even though I have it in my portfolio. 
So this is a very, very big problem for the existing customers, because of which you're losing 
some business. I know that you are growing at a very rapid pace. I'm very happy about it, but I 
think feedbacks like this should be considered very seriously. So I would like to hear you, like 
why you have that restricted basket? 
Ambarish Kenghe: Subhash, first of all, thank you so much for doing this. I'm extremely sorry that you've not been 
able to reach our customer support, and I take it very, very seriously. Please write to me at 
ceo@angelone.in and I'll personally look into it. You have many, many channels and absolutely, 
we'll make sure that we look at it. 
 In terms of the risk, as you know, we have our own risk management on top of what SEBI would 
prescribe because brokers have their own requirement to do things. But let's connect offline. I 
take your requirement. We are continuously reviewing all the set of securities, all the rules that 
we have, and we keep making these changes. 
 But I'd love to connect with you. Please write to me and we'll have somebody reach out to you 
literally today as soon as I get an email from you. I'm extremely surprised that you've not been 
able to connect with us. I take it very seriously... 
Subhash: No. I was able to connect. I brought up this problem, but all the customer says, I mean, all they 
say is, this is just the policy from Angel One. We cannot change it. So they are also helpless, the 
customer representatives? 
Ambarish Kenghe: We will connect. 
Subhash: Sure, sir. I'll definitely connect. But I just like to hear a little bit more about this. Like why do you 
have that restricted basket when no other broker in India has such? 
Ambarish Kenghe: Look, like I explained, we have a set of risk policies, based on which we decide, because there 
is risk surveillance, bunch of things that we do. I can speak more to you -- we can speak more 
to you about it and explain to you. 
Subhash: So you will consider removing this, right? 
[page 26]
 Angel One Limited 
  July 16, 2026 
 
Page 25 of 25 
 
Ambarish Kenghe: Look, as we get your feedback, any feedback that we get, Subhash, we -- I look through CEO 
escalation mails, every CEO mail, I take these things very seriously. And therefore you are seeing 
the tone and me giving out the email on this conference call. End of that, we will follow up every 
bit of feedback. Of course, we have to be logical about it. We have to do the right thing for the 
customer, right thing for the ecosystem, and stay within compliance. But absolutely we'll look 
through it, and we will regain you back, Subhash. You have to come back to Angel One, and I'd 
love to see you… 
Subhash: No, I'm already in Angel One. Like most of my -- 90% of my investment is in Angel One. I mean, 
why do I have to move to some other broker, right? I would like to keep everything in one 
account. Yes. I don't lose anything by creating  another account. I can easily transfer, but I 
wanted to give this feedback. Yes. 
Ambarish Kenghe: I appreciate that. Again, not appropriate to talk more on this call, but I appreciate you. We'll 
connect with you offline. Yes. 
Subhash: Yes, could you please repeat your e-mail ID? I'll just write it down. 
Ambarish Kenghe: It's ceo@angelone.in. 
Subhash: Okay. Thank you so much. 
Ambarish Kenghe: Thank you so much. I look forward to hearing from you. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. We have reached the end of 
question-and-answer session. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ambarish Kenghe for 
closing comments. 
Ambarish Kenghe: Thank you once again for joining us today. As always, it has been a pleasure engaging with you 
to discuss our results and progress. If you need any further information, feel free to reach out 
to Hitul Gutka, our Head of Investor Relations, or to SGA, our Investor Relations Advisors. Have 
a wonderful day. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Angel One Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
