[page 1]
Page 1 of 9 
 
 
 
 
 
“Choice International Limited (CIL) 
Q3 and 9M FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 04, 2026 
 
 
       
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ARUN PODDAR – GROUP CEO - CIL 
 
 MR. MANISH JAIN – DEPUTY CEO – CHOICE AMC 
 
 MR. ANKIT JAIN – CHIEF PRODUCT & TECHNOLOGY OFFICER - CIL 
 
 MR. MANOJ SINGHANIA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - CIL 
 
 MR. AYUSH SHARMA – HEAD OF INVESTOR RELATIONS - CIL 
 
 
MODERATOR: MS. VANESSA FERNANDES – ADFACTORS PR INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
 
 
 
 

[page 2]
  Choice International Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 9 
 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q3 and 9M FY26 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Choice 
International Limited. As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in listen -only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone telephone.  
I now hand over the conference to Ms. Vanessa Fernandes from Adfactors PR, Investor Relations. Thank you, 
and over to you, ma'am.  
Vanessa Fernandes: Good evening, everyone. On behalf of Choice International, I welcome you to the earnings conference call for 
Quarter 3 and 9M FY26. Joining us today from the management are Mr. Arun Poddar, Group CEO; Mr. Manish 
Jain, Deputy CEO, Choice AMC; Ankit Jain, CPTO; Mr. Manoj Singhania, CFO; and Ayush Sharma, Head of 
Investor Relations.  
The earnings presentation has been uploaded on the exchanges as well as on the company website. You ma y 
refer to it as we walk you through the opening remarks and the discussion during the call.  
Before we begin, I would like to remind you that certain statements made during this call may be forward -
looking in nature and are subject to risks and uncertaint ies. These are detailed in the company's annual report 
and other investor disclosures available on our website. Choice International does not undertake any obligation 
to publicly update these forward-looking statements.  
With that, I will now hand the call over to Mr. Arun Poddar to share his opening remarks. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir.  
Arun Poddar: Thank you. Good evening, everyone. It's a pleasure to have you all with us today. As we move through the 
final stretch of FY26, we are now witnessing a fundamental structural pivot in the India n economy. Beyond 
the headline indices, there is a clear equitization of household savings, where capital is steadily migrating from 
physical assets into financial markets at an unprecedented scale. This shift is not cyclical, it's structural. 
While cooling inflation and RBI's strategic rate adjustments have eased the cost of capital, the real story for 
Choice continues to be the resilience of the rural and the semi-urban consumer, who is increasingly aspirational, 
financially aware, and digitally enabled. This structural shift is further reinforced by the Union Budget ‘26- 
‘27, which has underscored financial discipline while deepening India's Capital Market ecosystem.  
With susta ined public capex, MSME formalization, and market -oriented reforms, the policy environment 
continues to support long -term participation across equities,  wealth products, and organized credit areas that 
are central to our strategy. Our performance this quar ter is not just the result of favourable market conditions 
but also reflects the steady progress we have made in building an integrated financial ecosystem and executing 
our strategy over the past few years.  
We closed 9M FY26 with a revenue of INR 831 crores and a PAT of INR 170 crores. A standout achievement 
this quarter was the operational debut of Choice AMC with our first Gold ETF, marking an important milestone 
in our journey of building a full-stack financial services platform.  
[page 3]
  Choice International Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 9 
 
 
 
By integrating Ayoleeza Consultant and expanding our wealth platform through the acquisition of wealth 
distributor businesses of Fintoo and Glory, we are moving from being a service provider to a holistic wealth 
architect for rural India. With the India Post Payments Bank partnership, we are further strengthening our last-
mile reach by enabling digital investment access through one of the country's most extensive distribution 
networks.  
We are no longer just facilitating transactions, we are building infrastructure for financial independence across 
India's under served and emerging markets, where access, trust, and guidance matter as much as products. Our 
operational focus remains on depth over breadth, and th is philosophy is reflected across each of the business 
verticals.  
In broking and distribution, as the industry adjusts to regulatory changes in the derivative space, our focus on 
the cash delivery segment has helped maintain our margins and build a more stable long -term investor base. 
The vertical accounted for 58% of total revenue during the nine-month period, with stock broking client assets 
reaching INR 60,500 crores in Q3 FY26, registering 22% YoY growth.  
Our wealth AUM expanded to INR 4,662 crores up 328% YoY, supported by rising client engagement in 
delivery-led and long-term investment products. O ur 65,000 plus Choice Business Associate continue to be 
our trust bridge, allowing us to maintain high -touch relationships in a high-tech world. This  network has 
supported the expansion of our Demat base to 12,34,000 ac counts, reflecting a 24% YoY increase, driven by 
seamless capabilities, deeper penetration in tier 2 and tier 3 markets, and a diversified product offering.  
The insurance vertical delivered consistent growth, aided by the broader partner coverage and the higher 
adoption of digital journey. Premium collection stood at INR  83 crores in Q3 FY26, marking a 14% YoY 
growth with more than 50,000 policies sold. This reflects our ability to cross -sell protection products within 
our ecosystem and deepen wallet share across our client base.  
Our NBFC segment continues to strengthen its focus on secured lending. At a time when parts of the unsecured 
lending markets are under pressure, our focus remains on MSME Micro LAP and the rooftop solar asset. The 
loan book reaches INR 756 crores as of nine months FY26, with the NBFC business contributing 14% of total 
revenue. Our in-house collection mechanism remains a key differentiator, utilizing pre -digital alerts and the 
physical ground team to keep our asset quality strong. N NPA remains stable at 2.83% as of December 31, 
2025, underscoring the prudence of our underwriting and risk management framework.  
Our advisory segment is benefiting from India's massive infrastructure and governance push. With the order 
book of INR  748 crores, we are deeply embedded in mission project s ranging from digital PACS  
computerization to World Bank backed governance initiatives. The advisory business contributed 28% of total 
revenue, providing revenue visibility for the next 24 to 36 months and adding stability to our earnings profile.  
Our investment banking business remains execution -led with 15 IPOs completed so far, 37 active mandates, 
and a tentative fundraising pipeline of INR  9,700 crores, reflecting strong market credibility and deal flow  
momentum. Together, these pillars underline our view that Choice is well -positioned to participate in India's 
[page 4]
  Choice International Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 9 
 
 
growth by expanding access, building trust, and supporting financial inclusion across a wide section of the 
country.  
I will now hand over to Ayush Sharma, our Head of Investor Relations, who will walk you through the financial 
performance of the quarter.  
Ayush Sharma: Thank you, sir. I will now present our financial performance for Q3 and 9M FY26. Choice delivered a 
consolidated revenue of INR 309 crores in Q3 FY26, reflecting 46% YoY growth. EBITDA stood at INR 117 
crores with margin expanding to 37.92%, reflecting our success in decoupling revenue growth from operational 
expenses. PAT for the quarter was INR 66 crores, delivering a margin of 21.26% and a YoY growth of 114%.  
For 9M FY26, revenue rose to INR  831 crores, which is up by 25% on a YoY basis. EBITDA reached INR  
303 crores with EBITDA margins at 36.45%, while profit after tax stood at INR  170 crores with a 56% YoY 
growth. These outcomes demonstrate the effectiveness of our execution and the robustness of our operating 
platform.  
Within our business segments, the broking and distribution vertical delivered Q3 revenue of INR  164 crores 
with a PBT of INR  49 crores. The NBFC segment reported Q3 revenue of INR  40 crores and PBT of INR 4 
crores. Asset quality in this segment remains stable. We maintained a healthy net interest margin of 12.25%, 
even as we prioritize high-quality secured portfolios.  
The advisory business recorded Q3 revenue of INR 100 crores with a PBT of INR 38 crores, driven by high-
quality execution and sustained momentum across sectors. A healthy order book and reliable delivery 
reinforced our role as a trusted advisor across India.  
With that, I would now like to open the floor for questions and answers.  
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is from the line 
of Samruddhi from DNS Capital. Please go ahead.  
Samruddhi: Congratulations on the good set of numbers. My question was regarding a recent project which you have posted 
on the press release about India Post Payments Bank. So, can you give an update about it, like potential revenue 
which you are expecting from this and margins, and how many such projects are you looking for?  
Ayush Sharma: Thank you, Samruddhi, for the question. See, this project is for integrating our wealth services with India Post 
Payments Bank's distribution network. Currently, India Post itself has 1.6 lakh post offices, 1.8 lakh postmen 
who are delivering the services of IPPB as well, which includes savings bank accounts and current accounts of 
more than 12 crore customers.  
Now, this project is to provide wealth management services to these 12 crores existing customers, as well as 
future customers  of IPPB. This opens up a huge distribution channel for our business. So, more than the 
numbers and margins, it opens up an avenue for onboarding more and more customers, and this is technically 
the largest distribution system across India. So, we will utilize this partnership and grow more in semi-urban 
and rural geographies, which will expand our reach to the end users. So, that's the outcome of this particular 
project which we foresee.  
[page 5]
  Choice International Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 9 
 
 
Samruddhi: Okay, understood. And secondly, I had a doubt about Gold ETF, do you have any plans in that segment, any 
timelines for active strategies?  
Ayush Sharma: Okay. I will request the Deputy CEO of AMC, Mr. Manish Jain to take up this question.  
Manish Jain: Thank you. In terms of product portfolio, currently we have Gold ETF and next we would be going ahead with 
the index funds. And to supplement the flow in the index fund, we would be launching the overnight fund. 
That's the plan for this fiscal year. In the  next fiscal year, we will complement our basket with commodities. 
So, that's where you will see that a couple of commodity ETFs, which are missing in the stock, that will get 
added up.  
Once these two stacks are completed, we will get into the active stra tegy. So, as an AMC, we want to give a 
choice to our investors both on the passive side as well as on the active side. And on the passive side, we want 
to cover equities as well as the commodities. 
Samruddhi: Okay, understood. Thank you. Thank you for taking my question.  
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikita Mehta, an individual investor. Please go ahead.  
Nikita Mehta: Hi sir, thank you for the opportunity. I have a few questions. Sir, first is what are the key drivers behind the 
45% YoY revenue growth in this quarter, particularly the contribution from Broking vs the NBFC and advisory 
segments?  
Ayush Sharma: So, thank you Nikita. The largest drivers are the increased trading activities from the retail investors which we 
have seen during the quarter. As our fixed costs are stable and operating costs are not directly increasing with 
the increase in the revenues, we are able to expand on the margins as well during this quarter across the broking 
business.  
Similar expansion in th e margins we have seen in the advisory business also, which is largely driven by the 
same team executing multiple projects, which is resulting in a higher revenue being generated for the P&L. So, 
both these businesses have grown very well during this quart er as compared to the Q3 FY25, and this has led 
to a larger growth in the revenues as well as an expansion in margins.  
Moreover, Choice Broking has been one of the top five brokers which has seen a net client addition as per the 
NSE's active UCC list over  the last couple of quarters. So, that has also contributed largely to our growth in 
the revenue as well as growth in the active clients.  
Nikita Mehta: Okay, sir, that answers my question. And sir, I have one more question. EBITDA margins expanded to 37.9% 
in Q3 FY26 from 29.2% YoY. Can you just elaborate on the sustainability of this expansion due to the rising 
employee costs?  
Ayush Sharma: So, on the EBITDA margin, what we foresee that as we grow the top line, the EBITDA margins are going to 
be sustained and even expand further. So, we don't foresee any major constraint on sustaining this EBITDA 
margin per se. This is largely in sync with the growth of the overall revenue as the fixed cost and the operational 
costs are not increasing at the rate at which the revenue is growing. So, we foresee EBITDA margins to continue 
above the current levels.  
[page 6]
  Choice International Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 9 
 
 
Nikita Mehta: Okay, sir. That was really helpful. And all the best for the future.  
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Neil John from B&K Securities. Please go ahead.  
Neil John: Hello, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. There's a couple of questions that I have. So, one is on the active 
clients front. As you said, we have seen a growth in active clients and even our market share has increased on 
a YoY basis if you look at December's numbers. It's a marginal increase, so I want to know what your 
perspective is on the future, how do we look to expand this market share? 
Secondly, also on the cost of acquisition of customers, how has that moved on a YoY basis? Are you finding 
it more difficult now with the markets kind of being more volatile? How's that trend playing out?  
And my second question is on the MTF book side. I think I missed the performance for this quarter. How is 
the book scaling, sir, and there have been some industry commentary around the risk on the MTF front? So, if 
you have some commentary on that also.  
Ayush Sharma: Thanks, John, for taking out time to join this call. Firstly, on your question on the active clients and market 
share, see, we are in a phygital business model where we have physical presence on the ground and the whole 
execution is done using the technology. So, our sourcing mechanism remains the physical channels which 
includes our branches as well as the AP network and our CBAs which we have.  
So that setup is already there in place. And with this setup, we believe that even today in the sem i-urban 
geographies or even Tier 3 and below geographies, people require a physical presence of the platform providers 
through whom the people are investing their hard-earned money. So, that is the larger philosophy behind having 
this particular business model.  
This model is the largest reason for having the net addition in the active clients over the last couple of quarters 
where the overall industry has seen a decline or the larger players have seen a decline in the active clients. So, 
that's going to re main intact and which is also helping us to keep the client acquisition cost stable. We don't 
see a major rise in the client acquisition cost because of the fixed cost we are already anyway s incurring, and 
the more and more clients which we onboard, our client acquisition cost remains stable.  
On your question of the MTF, currently we are maintaining an average book of roughly around between INR 
370 to INR 400 crores. On the risk part, we as Choice Broking, we have placed robust internal risk management 
systems. We have not seen any sort of risk arising from our customer base and on our platform. Our target is 
to grow the MTF book very aggressively over the next one financial year.  
So, that's the target which we are taking on the MTF book and from the risk perspective, our systems are very 
robust and we don't foresee any major challenge on the risk management side within Choice.  
Neil John: Thank you, sir. Just one follow-up. Would you be able to quantify, like, what is the average exposure for your 
clients on the MTF front?  
Ayush Sharma: Neil, unfortunately, I don't have that number readily available with me, but we will try to include that number 
in our earnings presentation next time if feasible.  
[page 7]
  Choice International Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 9 
 
 
Neil John: Sure, sir. Thank you so much.  
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohan Shah, an individual investor. Please go ahead.  
Rohan Shah: Hello. Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. I had two questions. One is with regards to the CAGR, which 
stands at 50.53% with collections efficiency of 90%. How will the management manage funding costs and 
liability mix to support 20% to 30% AUM growth?  
Ayush Sharma: Okay. So, the CAGR which you are talking is on the overall consolidated revenue, I think. And that revenue 
is including the b roking, advisory, and NBFC businesses. So, we have been delivering this growth rate over 
the last five years, and we are very much confident about maintaining a similar range over the next couple of 
years as well. With our current business plans, we are very well positioned to achieve the same numbers.  
Specifically on the NBFC side, our AUM is largely contributed by the retail loans where we have the physical 
presence on the ground and do the physical credit underwriting using the most advanced technology tools 
available as well. So, that will help us maintain our high collection efficiency and lower credit cost.  
With the help of our existing physical presence itself, we are very sure that we will be able to achieve an AUM 
growth of 20% to 30% over the next couple of years.  
Rohan Shah: Great, great. And on the recent acquisition, how will it contribute to FY26 execution in infra consulting?  
Ayush Sharma: Yes. So, on the recent acquisition of Ayoleeza Consultants, they have very good credentials of working with 
various governments. The larger reason was that there were certain geographies where we were not having 
certain credentials, which Ayoleeza has, and with the help of new credentials coming in, we will be able to 
expand on to the geographies where we get more contracts from more states, which will b e adding up on our 
order book and therefore increasing our overall revenue. So, that's the largest advantage which we foresee from 
the acquisition of Ayoleeza Consultants. 
Rohan Shah: Okay. Thank you. Thank you for that. All the best, sir.  
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shruti Sharma from Family Office. Please go ahead.  
Shruti Sharma: Yes. Hi, good evening, sir. Just a couple of questions from my side. First, could you share your plans around 
Capex for FY26, like particularly on technology investments or branch expansion?  
Ayush Sharma: Okay. So, on the tech side, nothing major on the capex; however, opex is the only thing which we have largely 
on the tech side. And branch expansion is also not very significant since our average cost of each new branch 
is not very significant. It ranges somewhere between INR  3,00,000 to INR  5,00,000. So, that's not very 
significant in terms of capex. However, on the IT capex and opex, I would request our CFO, Mr. Manoj 
Singhania, to throw some light on the numbers during this particular quarter.  
Manoj Singhania: Hi. During the quarter, total expenses along with capex was around INR 10 crores for broking business.  
Ayush Sharma: Okay, okay. So, I hope that helps your question, Shruti.  
[page 8]
  Choice International Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 9 
 
 
Shruti Sharma: Yes, yes. Yes, sir. And secondly, could you help us with any broad full-year guidance on revenue growth and 
PAT growth that management is currently targeting?  
Ayush Sharma: So, we have been delivering double-digit growth which has been upwards of 20%-25%. We expect to maintain 
similar growth rates over the next couple of years as well.  
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mandira, an individual investor. Please go ahead.  
Mandira: Hello. Thanks for the opportunity. So, I have a couple of questions. With Demat account at 1. 23 million and 
ADTO market share steady at 1.2%, what strateg ies are in place to accelerate the client acquisition in Tier 2 
and Tier 3 cities?  
Ayush Sharma: So, Mandira, as I mentioned, largely the physical expansion of our branches and our CBA network is going to 
contribute more towards the customer acquisition. However, off-late, we have started building a digital client 
acquisition team as well. I would request Mr. Ankit Jain to throw some light on the digital client acquisition 
mechanism which we have in place. We have Mr. Ankit Jain, CPTO, who will throw some lig ht on this 
acquisition model.  
Ankit Jain: Hello everyone. Regarding the acquisition model, from last one or two years, we have been building the entire 
infrastructure which is helping us to get the user in a lower CAC. Because in the world of digital, the  bigger 
pain is the CAC which needs to be sustainable for the business. So, from last two years we are working on that 
and right now we are seeing a good growth in that aspect. So, basis that, we are planning a major growth in the 
digital world.  
Also, we are building the complete financial ecosystem for the end user where our entire theory and the thought 
process is to whomsoever client we are acquiring, we should have an ecosystem where we can create a higher 
LTV using multiple products. We don't want it to be like a simple stockbroking application, we want it to be a 
complete financial hub for the end user , where the recent product additions such as credit as well as the 
dedicated F&O section for the user are some which are in pipeline or something which we have delivered in 
this quarter, where the thought is how we can get more LTV of the user.  
Ayush Sharma: Yes. Okay. Thank you, Ankit. Mandira, I hope that answers your question.  
Mandira: Secondly, insurance premium hit ₹835 Mn with 50.6K policies; what is the plan to sustain 58% revenue growth 
amid POSP expansion? 
Ayush Sharma: So, again, Mandira, as I mentioned, something sort of 25% growth rate is something which we are targeting in 
the insurance distribution business as well. You would see in our earnings presentation that we are catering to 
both corporate as well as retail customers in the insurance distribution business, which is going to continue 
expanding in both the segments, and that will contribute to the growth rate upwards of 25%.  
Mandira: Got it, sir. Thank you. That was really helpful. Thank you, sir.  
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Urmish Shah from Moneywisers. Please go ahead.  
[page 9]
  Choice International Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 9 
 
 
Urmish Shah: Yes. I had just one question. If I see your presentation on the slide of Choice Connect, I see the credit card 
issue has gone down by 6%, and also the clients onboarded in this quarter have declined. So, any reason could 
you give?  
Ayush Sharma: Yes. On the credit cards front, we had certain technological glitch with the int egration with one of the banks 
for which we have been working. That was for a brief period of around 40 -45 days which has led to the 
reduction in the number. That glitch has been resolved now, and we have seen an uptick in the month of 
January. So, we foresee that this number is going to remain stable in Q4. So, we don't foresee a major  impact 
there. So we expect this to be a temporary impact and not a sustained impact.  
Urmish Shah: Okay. And on the onboarding of clients of equity?  
Ayush Sharma: Yes. So, onboarding of clients of Choice Equity, since we were gearing up for the contes t of JFM period, the 
existing contests were withdrawn, which has led to a slight degrowth in the client onboarding. As we have 
launched the JFM contests for the CBAs as well, this will also normalize during the Q4 FY26.  
Urmish Shah: Okay. Okay. Thank you, sir.  
Moderator: Thank you. As there are no further questions from participants, I now hand over the conference to management 
for closing comments. Over to you, sir.  
Arun Poddar: Thank you for insightful questions. Our journey in FY26 has been about scaling with discipline. Our focus 
remains on technological innovation and deepening our presence in India's underserved markets. On behalf of 
the entire Choice team, I wish you all a prosperous new year ahead. Thank you.  
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Choice International Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
(This document has been edited for readability purposes.) 
