[page 1]
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
 
 
“Choice International Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 11, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                       
     
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ARUN PODDAR – GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER  
 MR. AJAY KEJRIWAL – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR  
 MR. AYUSH SHARMA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
MODERATOR: MS. AASHVI SHAH – ADFACTORS PR INVESTOR 
RELATIONS 
 
 

[page 2]
  Choice International Limited 
  August 11, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call hosted 
by Choice International Limited. As a reminder, all participants lines will be in listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  I now hand 
over the conference to Ms. Aashvi Shah from Adfactors PR Investor Relations. Thank you and 
over to you, ma'am. 
Aashvi Shah: Thank you. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of Choice International, I welcome you to the 
earnings conference call for Q1 FY27 . Joining us tod ay from the management, we have Mr. 
Arun Poddar - Group CEO, Mr. Ajay Kejriwal - Executive Director, and Mr. Ayush Sharma, 
CFO. 
We will begin today's call with opening remarks from the management, following which we will 
open the floor for Q&A. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that certain 
statements made during this call may be forward-looking in nature. These statements are based 
on the management's current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertaint ies that could 
cause actual results to differ materially f rom those expressed or implied. Choice International 
Limited undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward -looking statements 
based on subsequent events or developments.  
With that, I will now hand over the call to Mr. Arun Poddar to share his opening remarks. Thank 
you and over to you, sir. 
Arun Poddar: Thank you, Aashvi. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us today.  
                                                FY27 has begun on a steady note for India's financial service ecosystem with evolving investor 
behaviour, greater digital participation, and increasing finalization continuing to shape the 
market for choice. The environment provides an opportunity to strengthen our capabilities across 
businesses and expand into area of financial and the professional services. 
Q1 FY27 marked a steady start to the new financial year. Our focus remained squarely on 
execution, strengthening each busi ness vertical, improving our institutional and distribution 
franchisee, building our product capabilities, and branding the platform through which we serve 
the client. Alongside this, we continue to lay the foundation of future growth through strategic 
partnership and by expanding our footprint. 
The broking and distribution business continue to see steady traction with cash delivery 
remaining a key focus and supporting revenue, quality, and stability. The segment contributed 
59% to total revenue while stock  broking AUM stood at Rs. 62,226 crores in Q1 FY27. It's 
growing 30% YoY basis. 
Wealth AUM increased to Rs. 4,961 crores, supported by continued participation in de livery-
led product. Our 70,000 C hoice Business Associates continue to complement our digital 
distribution capability and expand our reach across market. During the quarter, our demat 
[page 3]
  Choice International Limited 
  August 11, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
 
account base increased from 12.94 lakhs, up 13% YoY basis, added by improved on-boarding 
and a broader product suite. 
On the institutional side, Choice Institutional Equities hosted InsightX 2026, bringing together 
100 plus corporates and 150 plus institutional investor and allocators. The conference provided 
a platform for corporate and investor to engage on business outlook, indu stry trend, and the 
growth opportunities.  
We also continued expanding our asset management. Choice AMC Private Limited receives 
SEBI approval to act as an investment manager to Wealthwave Capital Trust, a CAT II  AIF 
sponsored by Choice International Limit ed, supporting the continued developmen t of our 
alternative platforms. 
Beyond our retail distribution business, insurance continued to see a steady traction, supported 
by an expanding partner network and the greater adoption of digital channels. Premium 
collections stood at Rs. 80 crores in Q1 FY27. It's up 5% Y oY basis, while policy volume 
increased to 67,828 representing 73% growth over the same period.  
I am also delighted to share that Q2 FY27, we strengthened our strategic partnership with NH 
Investment & Securities through a Rs. 900 crores investment in Choice Equity Broki ng. This 
partnership is an important milestone for us and will support our growth across broking, 
distribution, MTF, technology, while further strengthening our long-term expansion plan.  
Now, coming to our NBFC business, we remain focused on secured lendin g with MSME, 
Microlap, and rooftop solar financing continue to be the key area of growth. The loan book stood 
at Rs. 836 crores as on Q1 FY 27, contributing 13% of total revenue.  Our in-house collection 
capabilities continue to support the asset quality with NNPA at 2.74% as on June 30, 2026.  
Lastly, our consulting business continues to build on its product pipeline during the quarter with 
an order book of Rs. 777 crores across digital, tax, and the multiple products, multilateral support 
initiatives. The segment contributed 28% of total revenue and provide a visibility over next two 
to three years. 
Adding to this momentum, our consulting subsidiaries, Choice Consultancy Service Private 
Limited and Ayoleeza Consultants Private Limited, secured government mandate aggregating 
approximately Rs. 191 crores across e-governance, infrastructure, project management, and the 
financial consulting. These engagements further add to our order pipeline and strengthen our 
presence in government and the infrastructure consulting.  
Investment banking also remained active with one IPO completed during the quarter and 30 
mandate currently under execution. The overall pipeline stands at over Rs. 6,766 crores.  
With that, I will now hand over to Ayush Sharma, CFO, to take you through the  financial 
performance of the quarter. Over to Ayush Sharma. 
[page 4]
  Choice International Limited 
  August 11, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
 
Ayush Sharma: Thank you very much, sir. Let me begin with an overview of how the business performed in the 
opening quarter of FY27. Choice closed Q1 FY27 with a consolidated revenue of Rs. 319 crores, 
which is higher by 34% over the same quarter last year and almost 1.6% on a sequential basis. 
EBITDA came in at Rs. 114 crores, holding a margin of 35.75% as cost disciplines continued to 
work in our favour. At the bottom line, profit after tax was Rs. 61 crores, a margin of 19% and 
an increase of 26.37% on a YoY basis. It has been an encouraging opening to the financial year. 
These numbers point to consistent delivery across our verticals and reaffirm the resilience that a 
diversified model built.  
                                                Turning to the individual businesses, broking and distribution brought in Rs. 197 crores of 
revenue for the quarter, contributing Rs. 48 crores at the PBT level. The demat base now stands 
at 12.94 lakh clients and per client activity continues to deepen as we widen the uptake of 
insurance and wealth offerings across the Choice FinX platform.  
                                                On the lending side, the NBFC posted a revenue of Rs. 45 crores, book quality held firm through 
the quarter with gross NPA numbers at 3.78% and net NPA at 2.74%, an outcome of prudent 
underwriting, tighter collections, and a well-spread loan portfolio. Margins stayed comfortable 
with NIM at 11.10%, consistent with our preference for secured exposures.  
                                               The advisory business rounded the quarter with Rs. 91 crores in revenues by way of  a steady 
pipeline of mandates. That covers the headline numbers. I am happy to take your questions from 
here. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Nachiket from NK. Please proceed with your question. 
Nachiket: Good evening, sir. Thanks for the insights in your opening remarks and good progress on the 
key initiatives you've taken. Just wanted further information, since you've taken NH Investment 
as a strategic advisor, could you share some broader strategic value like beyond capital infusion, 
is there any focus areas like offshore flows or to access to clients in Korea or overseas access or 
product distribution which we could benefit from? 
Ayush Sharma: Sure, Nachiket. Thanks, for your question. This is an important question, certainly. The capital 
infusion is one part of this particular transaction, and I would say a smallest part of this particular 
transaction. The larger objective behind having this transaction was to have an integration with 
the NHIS core strengths. 
NHIS is very strong in the institutional businesses globally and more importantly in Southeast 
Asian markets, be it Korean, Hong Kong, Singapore markets, and as well as they have their 
global presence across US markets as well. The immediate kind of synergy will be to integrate 
the institutional businesses or the institutional clients which they serve through their global 
offices and those clie nts will also be having some sort of business activities here in Indian 
market, so we will be looking to cater to that and that will be the first low-hanging fruit.  
[page 5]
  Choice International Limited 
  August 11, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
 
Secondly, they are also very active in the investment banking deals across multiple jurisdictions. 
So, that will also be, the additional business integration we will be looking at in the coming years 
as we integrate our businesses with the NHIS strengths. These are the kind of advantages apart 
from the capital which we are looking at from this deal. 
Nachiket: Okay. On this incremental capital which gets deployed, is there any internal targeting as to what 
kind of capital return you target or what kind of incremental ROCE can be generated? 
Ayush Sharma: The deployment sort of thing for this capital which is being raised from this transaction, we have 
the sufficient internal accruals to fund our expansion, etc etera. The larger utilization of these 
funds will be towards development of MTF portfolio as well as  the settlement fund which we 
provide to our customers as per the regulatory guidelines.                   
                                               The growth will be in these portfolios and eventually the increased interest income as well as the 
brokerage which we will charge on the increased trading activity for the clients will result in an 
additional profitability for the company. 
Nachiket: Okay, great. Thank you, sir. I'll get back in queue. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Samruddhi Bane from Yes Securities. Please 
go ahead with your question. 
Samruddhi Bane: Thank you for taking my question. Just a small question regarding our improvement in NNPA. 
We can see that it has improved from the last quarters. How much of this improvement is driven 
by recoveries and upgrades? 
Ayush Sharma: Sure. This is largely driven by the collections which has been done by our ground team. We 
have an in -house collections team which is responsible for all the collections which has been 
slipped from the bucket of sales team. So, the initial primary collection target is for the sales 
team. Once the cases are out of the control from the sales team as per our internal policy, these 
are allocated to our internal collections team. The recoveries are done wholly by our internal 
collections teams and this is a  result, the improvement is a result of collections done by our 
internal collections team only. 
Samruddhi Bane: Okay. My second question was regarding our NBFC segment. We expect the AUM to increase 
by 20% to 30% on a stable interest rate environment. How do you ensure that the credit quality 
will be intact and what will be the mix of secured and unsecured lending in the incremental loan 
book in Q1? 
Ayush Sharma: We are fully focused on the secured loan portfolio only. Whatever loans we do are secured by 
way of collateral in some or other format . So, it will be largely driven by the growth in the 
secured loan portfolio.  
                                                On the growth aspect, see, we have an in-house proprietary credit assessment engine which runs 
the primary credit check for the customers. Although once the machine does the credit, we have 
[page 6]
  Choice International Limited 
  August 11, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
 
the human intervention as a mandatory check where, the first the ground physical verification is 
done by our credit team for the customer.  
                                                Secondly, the central credit team re-verifies the output given by the machine and reconcile the 
same with the ground visit of the credit team guy. Once everything is reconciled and verified at 
the central level, we do the final sanction to the customer. This is what has been able to help us 
to maintain the asset quality and will continue to help us to maintain the asset quality over the 
next growth cycle as well. 
Samruddhi Bane: Okay. Just to confirm that the incremental loan book in Q1 will be most probably from secured 
side, right? 
Ayush Sharma: Yes, that's right.  
Samruddhi Bane: Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vivek from Jala Family Office. Please proceed 
with your question. 
Vivek: I have two set of questions. One is EBITDA and PAT  declined sequentially in Q1 FY 27, 
although both remained higher YoY. Could you help us understand the key factors behind the 
sequential movement and whether this was largely due to seasonality or timing-related factors? 
How should we think about the underlying profitability run rate going forward?  
                                                Secondly, as the advisory order book continues to grow, how should we think about margins 
going forward? Do you see the changing mix of projects, including larger government -led 
mandates, having any meaningful impact on EBITDA margins? 
Ayush Sharma: Firstly, on the advisory order book, we expect that the mix will change from currently the heavy 
infrastructure advisory segment to other consulting segments as well, which is largely the 
governance framework development or IT-related consulting assignments or other project 
management, kind of projects which we plan to grow with the government. That's the kind of 
change which we are expecting in the mix of order book or in our government consulting book. 
As far as the margins are expected, we are currently maintaining a margin of around 20% net 
margin in the advisory business as well, specifically the government advisory business and we 
expect to maintain the similar margin levels as we grow in the size as well. 
Vivek: Okay. Lastly, I have one more question. The solar financing is a relatively new collateral-free 
product. What was its Q1 disbursement and outstanding AUM and how does it yield cost of 
funds, credit cost, and ROA compare with the traditional MSME book? At what scale do you 
expect solar financing to become a meaningful contributor to NBFC earnings? 
Ayush Sharma: Okay. Solar is a relatively very small portion as compared to the overall portfolio. I really don't 
have the current AUM number handy with me currently, but we can certainly shar e the same. 
We can certainly try to publish the same in the next public disclosures at the stock exchange.                     
[page 7]
  Choice International Limited 
  August 11, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
 
                                                However, as far as the growth of solar portfolio is concerned, let me be very clear, it is a very 
high price competitive market, and we are very sort of profit-centric organization where we don't 
compromise on the ROIs when we consider growing the portfolio. So, we expect that we will 
continue to maintain an ROI of  around 15% for the end customers while growing the solar 
portfolio. Our target is to grow this portfolio to sort of Rs. 150 crores by the end of this this 
financial year. 
Vivek: Got it. That's all from my side. Thank you. 
Ayush Sharma: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anirudh Sharma from Ekant Investments. 
Please proceed with your question. 
Anirudh Sharma: My first question is on the mutual fund business. Could you give us some perspective on the 
monetization roadmap given the current AUM base, how do you see the AMC's revenue 
contribution evolving over the next two to three  years and what AUM scale would allow the 
business to become meaningfully profitable? 
Ayush Sharma: Sure. AMC is a longer vision for the Choice Group. It's not a shorter-term kind of initiative. We 
see this as a longer-term venture for Choice. We are currently focusing on the passive products 
to grow in our AMC business. Our target is to launch the active schemes as well by the end of 
this financial year as we are currently in the setup phase. 
We expect this financial year to grow and to make sure that we have all the all the required skills, 
all the required team and manpower in place and launch the couple of schemes in this financial 
year. Our proper growth phase for the AMC business will start from the next financial year. 
Moreover, we are also a distributor of mutual funds, there the AUMs have grown significantly 
because we have been distributing mutual fund products of other AMCs as well as part of our 
wealth management business. So, we expect that we continue to maintain a growth rate of around 
30% to 35% in the overall AUM on YoY basis in the mutual funds distribution business. 
Anirudh Sharma: Okay, understood. You are targeting a significant increase i n the AMC AUM by the end of 
FY27. Could you elaborate on the product and the distribution strategy supporting this growth 
and how do you see the contribution evolving across ETFs, active and or passive funds, AIF and 
third-party distribution? 
Ayush Sharma: In the AMC business, this year our focus is on passive schemes only. By the end, we will launch 
the active schemes and the growth in active will come in the next year onwards. So, this year 
the larger focus on the AUM growth in AMC will be on the passive schemes itself. 
Anirudh Sharma: One last question from my side. Solar financing is a relatively new collateral-free product. What 
was its Q1 disbursement and outstanding AUM and how does it yield cost of funds, credit cost, 
[page 8]
  Choice International Limited 
  August 11, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
 
and ROA compare with the traditional MSME book? At what scale do you expect solar financing 
to become a meaningful contributor to the NBFC earnings? 
Ayush Sharma: Firstly, solar is also not a collateral -free business. We do take solar equipment as a collateral 
while financing  to the customer. We have certain some sort of collateral which can be 
repossessed and sold in case of delinquencies. So, it's a completely secured  product for our 
NBFC business. 
Secondly, as I mentioned that it is a high competition business in terms when it comes to rate of 
interest to the end customer. We have been maintaining a weighted ROI of around 17% to 18% 
on the solar portfolio. We can we have to bring it down to around 15%, which is already there 
in the pipeline and by the end of this financial year, we expect the AUM to reach at around Rs. 
150 crores for the solar financing product itself. 
Anirudh Sharma: Okay, understood, sir. That's it from my side. Thank you for the opportunity. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mann from Northstar Investments. Please 
proceed with your question. 
Mann: Thanks for the opportunity. I wanted to have an update on the current merchant banking pipeline 
across your main board, your IPO, SME IPO and all the other capital market transactions. What 
do you think all these opportunities to start and convert into your revenue? 
Ayush Sharma: Firstly, on the conversion to revenue side, we have the hybrid kind of arrangement with the 
customers for whom we raise funds by way of IPOs. It is some portion of fees is during the 
preparatory phase, and some portion of fees is post the completion of the IPO. So, revenues are 
ongoing. We are continuously generating revenues from the current mandates.  
                                               We have the, as mentioned previously, we have the current mandates for the fundraising size of 
around Rs. 6,600 crores approximately, which we expect to complete over the next one and a 
half years’ time as the market provides the suitable timeline for the industry specific IPOs to 
come up.   
                                                Having said that, a couple of IPOs are ready as we get the suitable opportunity from the market 
sentiment perspectiv e, we'll immediately, come up with the opening of the IPOs in the 
investment banking business. 
Mann: Another question was on your new Category II AIF approvals, they are in place right now, what's 
the corpus and the broad investment strategy and how quickly do you expect this business to 
start generating revenue and meaningfully in your AMC? 
Ayush Sharma: It's part of building our internal capabilities for the alternative space. This is the first AIF, which 
is sponsored by Choice International and our AMC is going to act as fund manager for this. As 
we build the sizable AUMs under  this AIF business, we'll come up with further alternative 
investment options for the investors. 
[page 9]
  Choice International Limited 
  August 11, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
 
Currently, this is a pre -IPO focused fund, largely focused on the pre -IPO opportunities where 
we invest in the pre-IPOs in the companies which are coming up with the IPOs. We are working 
on other investment strategies as well. As soon as we are ready with those, we'll come up with 
more alternative investment options for the investors. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhanraj from Kuber Advisors. Please proceed 
with your question. 
Dhanraj: Considering the current pace of AUM growth, when would you expect the AMC to reach the 
EBITDA rate given? Once the business reaches scale, what kind of margin profile would we can 
expect over the medium term? 
Ayush Sharma: On the AMC business specifically, we have a plan to bring the business to BEP in the next two 
to three years' timeline. As the AM grows to a certain size, we will achieve the BEP numbers. 
We are not currently  giving a guidance on AUM number will be, becau se the size is small 
currently. As the size grows, we will certainly start discussing about the guidance on the AUM 
numbers as well. 
Dhanraj: Okay. Please throw some lights on recent collaboration with NH Securities and what is the nature 
of this tie-up and how this will reflect on our business? 
Ayush Sharma: As I mentioned previously, this transaction is more than just a fundraise for Choice Equity 
Broking Private Limited. Choice has commanded a strong hold in th e retail business across 
India. Now, the idea was to expand into institutional business space, and secondly to have the 
global presence as well.  This strategic partnership with NHIS will help us to expand o ur 
institutional businesses across India as well as the global markets, and also, we will be able to 
provide global access to our Indian customers also through this particular partnership. These are 
the kind of advantages which we see and this will certainly help us to have multi-fold growth in 
our revenue and profit numbers in the broking space specifically. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from th e line of Raghav from Raghav & Company. Please 
proceed with your question. 
Raghav: Sir, my question is on the partnership you have done with IPPB, what is the impact there on net 
profit, in the financial year end? 
Ayush Sharma: This is currently at the integration stage. We are integrating our systems with the IPPB systems. 
As soon as that is completed, we will go ahead. We are expecting to complete this by end of this 
month only. As soon as the integration is complete, we will initiate on -boarding customers 
through the IPPB platform. 
Depending on the initial volume which we see from the month of September onwards, we will 
be able to give some guidance on the overall impact in the PAT and revenue numbers through 
this partnership. However, we are very confident that given the exclusive n ature of this 
[page 10]
  Choice International Limited 
  August 11, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
 
partnership with the IPPB, we will be able to on board a large chunk of customers from the IPPB 
platform on our wealth management platform. 
Raghav: Actually, Arun sir has already said a couple of months back, from 1st July the revenue will start 
kicking. I think you are already late by three months, right? 
Ayush Sharma: No, it's by end of this month we will complete the integration and from 1st of September we will 
start on-boarding customers. 
Raghav: What kind of revenue number can we expect from it? Like just a hint, say for example, for Q4 
only, since Q2 would be gone, Q3 and Q4. Any idea? 
Ayush Sharma: It's little early to give a guidance on the revenue number from this partnership. Once we start 
on-boarding customers, we will be able to probably give you some guidance. 
Raghav: Okay, and about Rs. 900 crores of NH investment, when that amount will be received by you? 
Ayush Sharma: In this quarter itself, sir. 
Raghav: Probably, this month end, no? 
Ayush Sharma: In this quarter, Q2 itself we will get the money. 
Raghav: From Q3 onwards the real growth will kick in in the numbers, right? Because from the Q4, like 
Q3 last year, Q4 last year and this Q1, the sales have been flat around Rs. 300 crores and the 
profit have been flat around Rs, 60 crores. QoQ there is hardly any growth. It's normally flat. 
Since the company is saying 50% CAGR for next couple of years, but QoQ there is no growth 
since last three quarters. 
Ayush Sharma: If you will see the quarterly number from Q1 FY26 versus FY27, revenue has already grown by 
34%. 
Raghav: No, I am not saying Y oY, I am saying QoQ. Q3 last year, Q4 last year and Q1 of this current 
year. Last three quarters the sales have been flat around Rs. 300 crores and profit have been 
around Rs. 60 crores to Rs. 70 crores. Last nine months the sale and PAT have been normally in 
a particular range. There is not like Q oQ massive growth of 30%  to 40%. I am talking about 
that. When can we expect as a shareholder that QoQ growth will come?  
Ayush Sharma: One thing is that some portion of this growth is attributable to the seasonality of the markets. 
But you can certainly see a tremendous growth after this money coming in because the money 
will also get to work in the business. So, that growth will certainly start coming in from the Q3 
onwards. 
Raghav: From Q3 onwards that 50% CAGR can be maintained and Q2 would be flattish, similar like Q1 
only. That's what I'm just guessing. 
[page 11]
  Choice International Limited 
  August 11, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
 
Ayush Sharma: Q2 will also have certain amount of growth, but it is difficult to give some guidance on the on 
the Q2 numbers at this moment. But growth will be there in Q2. 
Raghav: But the real growth will kick in from Q3 onwards? 
Ayush Sharma: I am telling you specifically on the money coming in in Q2 and the growth because of that money 
coming in will start you will start seeing in Q3 onwards. 
Raghav: Yes, that would be the big movement. That's what I'm trying to guess. 
Ayush Sharma: Yes, sir.  
Raghav: Just wanted to understand like we are talking a top line around  Rs. 1,200 crores to Rs. 1,300 
crores like on an annual basis average . So, after this money comes in, that Rs. 900 crores and 
IPPB partnership when it starts kick  in for example two months later, November, December 
roughly, for next year what can be a massive growth you can expect from the top line and bottom 
line for next year? Just keeping in mind two points, first IPPB partnership rolls out, second the 
Rs. 900 crores investment comes in, what kind of real growth can we expect for next financial 
year?  
Ayush Sharma: Firstly the base is going to grow from this financial year itself from the last year's PAT of around 
Rs. 238 crores. This number will grow for you know, tremendously in this financial year itself 
because of the two transactions or two events which you were just mentioned. Over and above 
that, we expect another 50% growth in the next financial year as well. 
Raghav: So, the CAGR will be maintained because of these two transactions? 
Ayush Sharma: Yes sir. 
Raghav: From your broking business, 50% to 60% sale PAT. 25% to 30% comes from your consultancy, 
which are the two best segments. Then what about the NBFC? Don’t you think, it comes as a 
drag on your top line bottom line, it consumes a working capital and doesn't generate that much 
of return which these other two segments generate? 
Ayush Sharma: On the profitability side, the ROE is higher in the broking business and that is why the highest 
capital is also allocated to the broking business. From the diversification perspective, relatively 
smaller capital is allocated to the NBFC. 
Raghav: I got your point. You have two or three business, your first broking, second consultancy, third 
NBFC. Broking and consultancy have high margins and high chance; you are getting a lot of 
growth there. Consultancy is getting good orders, you are getting a lot of investment in broking, 
it will be a multi-level work.  
                                               What I want to say is that the third layer is your NBFC, if you are putting Rs. 100 crores there, 
you are not getting its return . If you withdraw that money, if you put money in the top two 
[page 12]
  Choice International Limited 
  August 11, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
 
businesses, won't it generate high ROE? Why is the third business running if it is lagging on 
your top line and bottom line? You already have two good opportunities, right? 
Ayush Sharma: NBFC also has a gestation period. As soon as we achieve certain milestones in the NBFC 
business, this will also start giving a higher ROE as compared to what it is currently giving. So, 
it's just a matter of time. 
Raghav: When will it turn around? 
Ayush Sharma: It's a matter of another one year. Within a year, we will start seeing the higher ROE in the NBFC 
business as well. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ajay from Axigen. Please proceed with your 
question. 
Ajay: Congratulations on a good set of numbers. One part of my question was already answered. Just 
wanted to get your guidance on the segmental businesses , broking, NBFC, AMC, investment 
banking, etcetera. Could you give me a guidance on the next two years and how you plan to the 
same and achieve the same? 
Ayush Sharma: As we rightly discussed during this call, we have almost 60% revenue coming from brokering, 
30% from advisory and roughly around 10%, to 12% from NBFC business. We expect the mix 
to be around 50, 40 and 10 over the next couple of years. 
It's not because the advisory and broking will not grow. Broking will also grow, but advisory, 
because investment banking is also clubbed with the overall  advisory segment only, that will 
have an overall added edge over the growth of the NBFC. Therefore, 50, 40 and 10 is the kind 
of ratio which we expect to see in the future in the segmental mix. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raghav from Raghav  & Company. Please 
proceed with your question. 
Raghav: Six months ago, Arun Sir, I think had said on the television that we are opening 100 branches 
this year. What's the update? Like six months have gone, this calendar year, and I think 10 
branches have opened. What's the update on that? 
Ayush Sharma: Sir, we have finalized good teams. It is more important that we grow with the right set of people. 
We have already finalized teams at various locations. As soon as their current employment with 
their existing employers get over, we will open our dedicated branches at those locations and 
start doing businesses in those locations as well. 
Raghav: I got your point. The performance will be there. But realistic number? 
Ayush Sharma: We are on track with our growth target of 800 branches over the next three to four years’ time. 
So, that we will certainly achieve. 
[page 13]
  Choice International Limited 
  August 11, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
 
Raghav: Like we are around 210 to 220 branch es, if I am not wrong. By end of this financial year, for 
example, March, what kind of number can we expect?  
Ayush Sharma: For March, we can expect somewhere between 300 to 350 kind of branches. 
Raghav: Nearly 100 branches we will open next six months. 
Ayush Sharma: Yes, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question from the participants. I would now 
like to hand over the conference to Mr. Ayush Sharma for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Ayush Sharma: Thank you very much for your questions and your interest in Choice. Let me close this with a 
brief thought.  
                                                FY26 was focused on building the businesses steadily and strengthening our fundamentals. We 
have carried this approach into FY27 with the first quarter showing continued progress across 
our businesses while maintaining a disciplined approach to growth.  
                                                Thank you once again for joining us today and for your trust and support. We look forward to 
staying engaged with you throughout the year. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Choice International Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
This Transcript has been slightly edited at few places for clarity and accuracy and may contain transcription errors. The Com pany or the 
sender takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy . 
