Date: 11/11/2025


To,
The Corporate Relationship Dept.,
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex,
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051

Symbol: - AIMTRON
ISIN: - INE0RUV01018

Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Transcripts of Post Earnings Conference Call held on 06 th
November, 2025.

Dear Sir/Madam,

With reference to our Intimation and Invite for Conference Call of Investors and Analysts dated 31 st
October, 2025, which was scheduled on Thursday, 06th November, 2025, and pursuant to Regulation 30
and Part A of Schedule III of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015,
we hereby provide transcripts of the company’s H1FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call held with the
Investors/Analysts.

In compliance with Regulation 46 (2) (oa) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the Transcript will also be available on
the website of the Company.

Link to access Transcript: https://www.aimtron.in/investors-meets-presentations/

This is for your information and records.

Thanking you,

Yours faithfully,

FOR AIMTRON ELECTRONICS LIMITED
                             Digitally signed by PRIYANKA
PRIYANKA SHAH SHAH
              Date: 2025.11.11 20:00:10 +05'30'
Priyanka Shah
Company Secretary
      AIMTRON ELECTRONICS LIMITED

                          H1 FY26

    POST EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL

          November 6, 2025 10:00 AM IST


                 Management Team

      Mr. Mukesh Vasani - Chairman (Promoter)
Mr. Nirmal Vasani - Sr Technology Director (Promoter)
        Mr. Sneh Shah - Whole Time Director
       Ms. Nikita Shah - Chief Financial Officer



                        Call Coordinator



             Strategy & Investor Relations Consulting
                                                  Aimtron Electronics Limited (AIMT)
                                                H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
                                                                    November 6, 2025

Presentation

Vinay Pandit:    Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Kaptify Consulting Investor
                 Relations team, I welcome you all to the H1 FY 2026 Post Earnings
                 Conference Call of Aimtron Electronics Limited. Today on the call
                 from the management team we have with us, Mr. Mukesh Vasani,
                 Chairman and Promoter; Mr. Nirmal Vasani, Senior Technology
                 Director and Promoter; Mr. Sneh Shah, Whole Time Director.

                 As a disclaimer, I would like to inform all of you that this call may
                 contain forward-looking statements, which may involve risks and
                 uncertainties. Also, a reminder that this call is being recorded.

                 I would now request the management to brief us about the business
                 and performance highlights for the period ended September 2025, the
                 growth plan and vision for the coming year, post which we will open
                 the floor for Q&A. Over to the management team.

Mukesh Vasani:   Thank you, Vinayji. Good morning. Hello, everyone. Thank you for
                 joining today. It is my pleasure to welcome all of you, our investors,
                 our business partners and well-wishers who continue to support this
                 exciting Aimtron journey.

                 We'll look back, when I started in 2011, I had one simple dream, to
                 build a company that stands on 3T: T for technology, T for trust, and
                 T for team work. We began small, as you all know, but with a big
                 belief that Indian talent with American quality standards on Indian soil
                 can create world-class manufacturing and that is the differentiator for
                 Aimtron. Today, Aimtron is one of the India's fastest growing ESDM
                 company, providing design, manufacturing, and complete EMS with
                 system integration. I'm just repeating that word, with system
                 integration, across India and throughout the globe.

                 As we move forward into the next phase of growth, what we proudly
                 call Aimtron 2.0. I would like to welcome our Senior Technology
                 Director, Nirmal Vasani, to walk you through our performance and
                 vision in action. Nirmal?

Nirmal Vasani:   Thank you. Aimtron 2.0 is about transformation, building a future-
                 ready company that connects design, data and manufacturing into one
                 powerful ecosystem. For the first half of 2026, Aimtron delivered
                 some record results. Our revenue is up 112%. Our EBITDA and PAT
                 are equally record-breaking, and we've maintained strong profitability

                                 Page 2 of 26
                                                   Aimtron Electronics Limited (AIMT)
                                                 H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
                                                                     November 6, 2025

                 supported by a very strong product mix, better cost controls and more
                 efficient operations.

                 Our order book as of the end of September stands at a record-breaking
                 ₹4,635 million, which is about 3x our fiscal year 2025 revenue. And
                 this is a clear sign of strong customer trust and long-term visibility.
                 Some of the major deals that we've signed today speak to this, it
                 reflects the growing trust in Aimtron's capabilities. On one hand, we
                 have a ₹975 million ODM contract with leading U.S. infrastructure
                 firm. We have a domestic AI IoT box build order for 50,000 units
                 worth over 4.62 Crores, as well as a strategic order from a Navratna
                 PSU in the communications domain.

                 I also want to share some other exciting opportunities that we have on
                 the horizon. We've received a tooling and prototype manufacturing
                 order from an existing Texas-based drone military customer. This
                 project supports the naval as well as ground-based troop applications
                 and marks Aimtron's next major step into high precision design and
                 prototyping for the defence industry.

                 We've started construction on a new 3-acre greenfield facility, which
                 will include six state-of-the-art SMT lines as well as a dedicated ODM
                 research and defence zone helping us build smarter, faster and greener
                 manufacturing for the future. Thank you.

Vinay Pandit:    Sneh, would you like to proceed doing presentation?

Mukesh Vasani:   Thank you, Nirmal. I think Nirmal is Aimtron 2.0 is more than
                 growth. It is a new way of thinking. We are building Aimtron on three
                 strong pillars, like 3Is: I for innovation, creating a new design and
                 manufacturing solution in AI, IoT, EV, defence and aerospace, you
                 name it, we have it, I for integration, bringing together India global
                 operations under one system. We are Globally in U.S., in India and
                 maybe future, you might have a question about M&A. So in that
                 scenario, bringing together India and global operation under one
                 system, one culture that is integration is also a very important pillar at
                 Aimtron.

                 And third one is impact, building technology that is not only makes
                 business success or not make the business sense, but also support
                 society through jobs, learning and sustainability a full ecosystem.
                 That's what we are also trying to accomplish on these 3Is. We just
                 announced our big milestone, AS9100D, I think you've already seen
                 the message on the exchange, which opens now new door to global
                                  Page 3 of 26
                                                  Aimtron Electronics Limited (AIMT)
                                                H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
                                                                    November 6, 2025

                 aerospace and defence customers. We just connected through a couple
                 of prospects Airbus A350 programmes. So there is so many
                 opportunities, again, the horizon is open up.

                 I think in execution, Nirmal, you want to add a minute, I would like to
                 request, again, you can see if you can source the outlook.

Nirmal Vasani:   As we move forward, our execution is evolving entirely. We're
                 focusing on converting the strong order pipeline that we have today
                 into consistent high margin growth. We're strengthening automation,
                 digital systems and people capabilities. Our goal for the next three
                 years is to create a platform of an even higher revenue scale while
                 maintaining the same Aimtron culture of humility, teamwork and
                 performance. Thank you.

Mukesh Vasani:   Thank you, Nirmal. At the closing, Vinayji, thank you for arranging
                 this call and to all our investors and networking business partners.
                 Thank you for believing in Aimtron and walking this back together.

                 Aimtron is growing fast, but we are growing with purpose though. Lot
                 of company growing, lot of company will grow, but our goal is to
                 grow with purpose. We are not only building product. We are building
                 the possibilities and that's about Aimtron 2.0. Aimtron is our bridge to
                 the future, a future where innovation and impact move together. Thank
                 you.

                 And before your questions, I would like to request our Whole Time
                 Director, Mr. Sneh Shah, to share a glimpse of PPT very quickly, and
                 then we can go on question-and-answer.

                 Once again, thank you so much for Kaptify team and our investor and
                 our friends. Thank you.

Sneh Shah:       Thanks, Mukesh and Nirmal for the trajectory on what exactly we are
                 eying on Aimtron 2.0. Coming to the presentation. So probably, like
                 we'll go in that and a quick glimpse of it. So, we'll go with the
                 company overview first, followed by business profile and way
                 forward. And then we'll just see the business our financial highlights.
                 So, as you know, like as Aimtron like we are into ESDM that is
                 Electronic System Design and Manufacturing, where we focus on
                 concept to creation kind of an aggregation as a one-stop solution.

                 We started 2011 in Gujarat, Vadodara and down the line like we have
                 now presence in Bangalore and U.S. that is in Texas. And as of now,
                                 Page 4 of 26
                                 Aimtron Electronics Limited (AIMT)
                               H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
                                                   November 6, 2025

we have like five SMT lines, four in Gujarat, Vadodara and one in
Bangalore. So, the current diversification that we have, so there are
myriad of sectors that we are already serving, for instance, automotive
or specific to BMS or somewhat of that kind, and then power or
IoT/robotics. And industrial are a couple of major contributors this
year as well as coming down the line.

You already met both the promoters, Mukesh and who is the Founder,
heart of the Aimtron Group and Nirmal coming up with Aimtron 2.0.
And if we come out the progression of our timelines where, so 2014,
we inaugurated like our Vadodara facility that was inaugurated by
Vajubhai Vala he was the Karnataka Governor. And then 2018, we
crossed ₹20 crores, and 2021, 2022, we started post-COVID facility in
Bangalore. And that facility also was integrated by Aswathnarayan, he
was ITB Team Minister at that phase of time.

And then with time like we thought of to enter more into an ODM
model, so we started our design house both in Gujarat, Vadodara and
Ahmedabad. So that has like a capability for one-stop solution for
hardware design, mechanical design, and a complete R&D kind of an
opportunity or a facility. And then down the line, we had a couple of
certifications like with global standards, and we got listed under NSE.
From that, our journey got shifted completely the trajectory has
changed.

On what exactly we do? Like, as we stated, like, initially, we help the
customers to provide anyone comes with a concept, we help them to
design the complete product or the complete opportunity from concept
to creation. So that includes like hardware design, like we have like
Altium licenses for hardware designs like PCB, Gerber layout and all
that activities. Then we do have SolidWorks for mechanical design
and a couple of other softwares like Vayo for PC assembly when it
comes to DFM. So once design gets ready, we need to review the
design and more of in technical front that we do DFM and then we
take that opportunity for prototype first. Once prototypes are
approved, it goes to the pilot batch, and then it comes to the mass
production.

So PCB assembly, it's an heart of it. And then we like have started
aggressively for complete box builder system integration. So that
includes like plastic, sheet metal, die casting. Cable assembly, we
started in-house post like our IPO journey. And now we are providing
complete one-stop solution even to that level that we can ship to the
end customer directly as a part of drop shipment. We make the
                Page 5 of 26
                                 Aimtron Electronics Limited (AIMT)
                               H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
                                                   November 6, 2025

complete product as a finish product, finished good including
packaging and all, and we can ship to their end customer directly.

So again, this is in-depth on what exactly vertically integrated one-
stop solution. So once design and new product development comes
into the picture, post that PCB assembly then comes sheet metal,
magnetics. So all these probably sheet metal, plastics and other
mechanical parts, we are outsourcing. But then the new greenfield
project that we are eyeing at, we are eyeing that how can we do it in-
house. And how can we like remove the -- or how can we self-reliance
on that front to, along with the PCB assembly that we are doing it in-
house.

And then focusing down the line more on a more bigger box build
project like size of a cabinet or ATM size projects or casino slot
machines kind of a project, that is what down the line the goal would
be. And ODM, that's an important zone now because everyone when
eyeing on EMS has a $500 million journey by 2030, similarly, this
particular segment of ODM, if you see post-COVID to what one
country plus one strategy is going around.

So globally, like by 2024, the size of that ODM model is around $1.2
trillion. And that is now getting shifted to almost $2 trillion plus by
2030 that is what the projections numbers are. And so now we have
started focusing more on this ODM model kind of projects where we
provide complete capabilities and focusing more on concept. So till
date, like last decade of Aimtron, if I say, whatever design projects
were there, that was like initially we used to engage on production or
manufacturing projects. Through that, we used to get design projects.

Now we are trying to reverse the story where we can get a design
project first and then through that tailwind, we can get the
manufacturing projects. So in that scale, like with high precision
assembly and complete solutions by like market ready packaging,
labelling and complete quality assurance kind of in product. So fit to
market, we are just seeing so that any customer, like just an example
in China or any other part of the world where ODM model is still and
proactively more for like any -- like global developed economy. So if
anyone wants a product, they will just keep 10 products in front of you
for same product line. You just brand it, name it, and then they will
sell it with their brand name.

So there are design houses in India who have this like IPs ready, but
they don't know where to sell, how to sell. So we are just trying to
                Page 6 of 26
                                                  Aimtron Electronics Limited (AIMT)
                                                H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
                                                                    November 6, 2025

                 bridge that gap as a complete ecosystem where we can own that IP,
                 and we can just see to it how can we deliver that to customer because
                 today no one is ready to wait for design, say, like one year, 12 months
                 because any design project, you go, it's going to take like years, like a
                 year or two years of time frame. But in today's fast centric world, no
                 one is ready on that front. So we can just expedite that with minor
                 changes here and that with base reference, and we can say to how can
                 we transform that.

                 So that's part of product engineering service, like whatever hardware,
                 embedded systems and power electronics and a couple of other stuff
                 that we do with multilayer PCB design and with like softwares, like
                 Altium and SolidWorks. These are like global standards, like, for
                 example, 13485 specific for MedTech, along with CDSCO, that is for
                 Made in India local for local.

                 And 16949, that's an International Automotive Taskforce
                 Certification. So that is also complied now. And we have CSA that is
                 for Canadian Standard Association, that is Canada and South America
                 market opportunity gets opened up. And that even considering all that
                 factors, we recently covered AS9100 as well, that is for aviation and
                 defence industries.

                 All these sectors with keeping in mind, environmental management
                 system. So we have ISO14000 as well. So like zero carbon credits,
                 conflict mineral policies and all. So we just try to say that we almost
                 tends to zero as of now, and just try to see on how can we maintain
                 environmental management as well.

                 So this is in depth of what we have in terms of machineries. Will not
                 go in depth like everyone knows that more or less. So we have in line
                 SPI, in line automated X-ray machines, and it's more of a state-of-the-
                 art facility where like without any human intervention, the complete
                 PCB can be manufactured in SMT.

Mukesh Vasani:   I'd like to add one line here, Sneh. Machine can be bought by ₹50,000
                 from China and ₹500,000 from Japan. But we have the top of the line
                 machines. That's what I would like to highlight here because we like
                 that quality standards. So continue.

Sneh Shah:       Definitely. And the new like AI integration, the IoT integration that
                 we are doing it. So even if I reflect on this, probably we have like
                 MES system and it's complete people's documentation system and
                 process. So even sitting anywhere on any part of the world, we can
                                 Page 7 of 26
                                 Aimtron Electronics Limited (AIMT)
                               H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
                                                   November 6, 2025

just see to it, what is going around in the manufacturing shop floor,
what is going to be the next product line item that is going to be on the
line and much more, it's complete collaborative systems that starts
from RFQ to final shipment, everything that's routed through that
system itself.

So these are just the product line that we are doing it as of now for
specific to automotive, like we do onboard chargers, climate systems.
Climate systems get exported to European markets. Industrial and
gaming. Industrial, it's a major contributor. So more of like industrial
pump controller units or HVAC kind of PCBAs for that.

Defence and Aerospace, a bit on a lower end as of now, we already
started. So recently, there was an emergency procurement from
Government of India. So a couple of our customers were part of it.
When they received the orders, we were passed on that PCB orders, a
couple of them in drone industry are a leading drone manufacturer of
India, we are the one who provides them the PCB solutions. And
down the line we may even start box build SMTs as well for them.

And then a couple of military communication systems-related PCBs
for Navratna PSUs in Bangalore and a couple of -- like southern part
of India. Anyhow, like telecom has been a significant rollover now. So
we are doing our network switches and more of a security networking
kind of activities.

MedTech volume would be less, but then they are high margin kind of
a business. So smartwatch variables specific to like MedTech critical
equipments like X-ray or like ventilators, so PCBs for that. Then
dental wearables where like we see that torch coming up and all the
PCBs. So that's our flex PCB, FlexPlus rigid PCB is a combination of
all.

And then aerospace and defence, that's a growing traction as of now.
And so we have a strong new inquiries, as Nirmal stated. So we
already got one momentum from Texas for specific to U.S., like
troops and all, that is going to be for Navy and U.S. troops. And India
also, we are working aggressively probably down the line, we may
have some strong like announcement on that front that we are meeting
a couple of projects to PSUs in India. Again, that's kind of an ODM
model, where we will support them from design and from design, we'll
take it up to the complete production level.


                Page 8 of 26
                                  Aimtron Electronics Limited (AIMT)
                                H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
                                                    November 6, 2025

Way forward like strategies, more focusing on ODM model and the
complete system integration. Our geographical expansion is in place,
like post IP also, we started one remote sales office in Germany. And
then one office in Texas, U.S. under Aimtron Electronics, India
directly. And then we also have done implementation of Lean and Six
Sigma and a couple of other programs to increase the operational
efficiency and enhance that. And as a part of backward integration, we
already started cable SMT in-house and then as a part of forward
integration and expansion, we already have announced a new
greenfield project that is going to be coming up down the line.

Post IPO, I believe like we have gone for a much more trajectory to
what we have been eyeing at. We have seen committed 40%, 50%
CAGR growth, but we have been surpassing their quarter-on-quarter
or half year to half year and year-on-year, both last year as well as this
year. And post IPO, probably we have reflected three results and all
three are evidence of it.

And if you see like a major contribution that was part of the new
ODM model project that we won, that is like almost ₹100 crores kind
of an infrastructure, U.S. led form. And it's an almost $8 billion
company. And we are now targeting such kind of Tier 1 prospects or
Tier 1 pipelines are already in place, where even they are floated now
bigger RFQ than the current one. And we are trying to see on how can
we encounter that kind of opportunities down the line.

And PSUs, like already started activities on that front. So last quarter,
probably last six months or last six to nine months, we are just trying
to see on how can we take entry to that kind of players. So
registration, certifications and audits and all that were in process. And
probably down the line fruits are going to be there in that part of
bookstore.

Strategic expansion, as we stated, like greenfield projects that will
have down the line six SMT lines, again, not immediately, but down
the line. And that new lines that we like had last year. It's an AI
inspection capabilities, and we can see one in the reflection in our
current results that with almost minimal manpower or with negligible
increase in expenses, we can increase our output to 2x, 3x, 4x kind of
an activity.

And then post like a global footprints like we started a greenfield
project. Till today, we are still debt-free as on 30th September. And all
the certifications now well in place, where to enter into the new
                 Page 9 of 26
                                  Aimtron Electronics Limited (AIMT)
                                H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
                                                    November 6, 2025

segments, new markets, emerging sectors. And past one year, we
entered a couple of new sectors. One was AI, one was IoT. We even
entered this year, green energy, that's upcoming because zero carbon
credits and all that is something people are eyeing at a sustainable
growth for like in terms of renewable energies. And now we are
eyeing at Aerospace and Defence also is one of the sectors down the
line.

So key financials, probably, I think as everyone is aware, like we had
an 112% year-on-year growth, and net profit also increased by almost
81% year-on-year. This is just a revenue breakdown on how exactly
the bifurcation was on, what exactly the contribution was. So box
build in first half of the year was almost 35%. And down the line, that
would increase to more than 50% in second half of the year. Still as a
part of to what everyone had in question during the tariff situation, we
worked proactively and we just try to balance the way out on how can
we balance with India and export as a customer base.

And so, this time, almost like 60%, 65% was our domestic revenue
with global clientele. And then down the line, around 35%, 40% was
approximately an export market. Current open order book ₹463 Cr,
almost 3x the revenue of FY 2025. So, if we say to what like RFQs we
were having, like when Mukesh stated in the last con call, so we were
having an open pipeline of around ₹700 crores to ₹800 crores RFQ.

Probably this is just a glimpse of that reflection on how much got
converted on that front and still couple of discussions are ongoing that
may get reflected in second half of the year because typically, for a
sales cycle takes place around six to nine months and might be more
as well. Because at ODM project, we talked about, it took us almost
more than around 12 months of time to close on that project. So that is
something like it takes time. So it's not going to be an overnight
journey, but definitely, fruits will be on a positive side.

I'm not going in depth on results as everyone would have seen that. So
industry insights, like by 2030, everyone is expecting ₹500 billion,
and that's even government is tailwinding this sector on how can we
just see to it. And down the line, even AI contribution to like what
target we are eyeing out Government of India. So the $1 trillion
opportunity is something that we are eyeing on. And EMS is going to
be one of the powerhouse with strong manufacturing design and
export-related activities.


                Page 10 of 26
                                                        Aimtron Electronics Limited (AIMT)
                                                      H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
                                                                          November 6, 2025

                      So these are the key segments and emerging areas or emerging
                      investment areas as of now. PLI ECMS scheme. We are also exploring
                      on that front. We already explored like a couple of things on that. So
                      once we have a right time, probably, we'll go with that discussion. But
                      ECMS on component side, we already have started working on that
                      front.

                      I believe that's it from my end. Yes, important stuff like we received
                      two awards this time, one from ELCINA for export contribution
                      towards in SME segment and one was for related to business
                      excellence on what exactly we are doing in ESDM as a sector.

Mukesh Vasani:        I think more likely today is Investors Day. So let them ask questions.
                      Thank you taking up this presentation. So Vinayji, we can open up for
                      the question and answers, so for half an hour, and then we can
                      conclude.

Question-and-Answer Session

Vinay Pandit:         Yeah, sure. All those who wish to ask a question may kindly use the
                      option of raise hand, once you raise hand, we'll invite you to ask
                      questions in case it's a problem at your end please put a message in the
                      chat box, and we'll invite you to ask the question. We'll take the first
                      question from Agrim. Agrim You can go ahead, please.

Agrim Kanungo:        Hi, good morning, everyone. My question here is, what is the revenue
                      expectation for H2 2025?

Sneh Shah:            We already have given the guidelines of 40%, 50% CAGR year-on-
                      year. And probably, this time, we may surpass it. And in first half of
                      the year, we have given the projections of around ₹250 crore plus,
                      somewhere around ₹270 crores, ₹280 crores. So, we are in line with
                      those numbers as on this financial year.

Agrim Kanungo:        Okay. And the next one being, can we sustain the 25% EBITDA for
                      the next two or three years, maybe.

Sneh Shah:            We already have stated like in terms of EBITDA and PAT to what we
                      focus is upcoming trending technologies and ODM kind of a model.
                      So, EBITDA and PAT level probably like 20% on a Northern side of
                      it, probably we can expect that. And PAT also 15% plus or minus a
                      couple of percent here and there definitely is going to be a sustainable
                      one.

                                      Page 11 of 26
                                                    Aimtron Electronics Limited (AIMT)
                                                  H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
                                                                      November 6, 2025

Agrim Kanungo:   Okay. And one final question being, what is the segment which is like
                 contributing very highly to the margins for us like that segment
                 continued?

Sneh Shah:       I would not say like sectors, but I would say it's more of a product
                 portfolio that we eye on, because as I stated, like we focus more of an
                 upcoming trending technologies, which is going to be just an example
                 like, for example, telecom players as of now.

                 Most of them are doing Wi-Fi 5 kind of an equipment. But today, to
                 what equipments we are doing, that is WiFi 6 level and plus kind of an
                 equipment. So, we invested to testing side for power electronics. And
                 in that, we have capabilities to test up to WiFi 7 kind of an
                 equipments. So that is something that we eye on. And down the line, if
                 you see the current open order, there is a tailwind towards in box
                 build.

                 So probably contribution of box build is going to be on the high side
                 down the line. That is going to help us for to maintain and sustain our
                 like margins. Like structured profitability will be an alignment, I
                 would say.

Agrim Kanungo:   Okay, okay, yeah, thank you. That's all from my side.

Moderator:       Thank you. I request all the participants to limit yourself to two
                 questions only since there are a lot of participants. And we'll take the
                 next question from Wilroy. Wilroy, you can unmute and go ahead,
                 please.

Wilroy Luis:     [Technical Difficulty] [0:29:12].

Mukesh Vasani:   Have him write in, note field.

Moderator:       Mr. Wilroy, you are not audible, you can just post your question at
                 chat. I will ask it on your behalf.

Mukesh Vasani:   Let's take the next question.

Moderator:       Yeah, we will take the next question from Ms. Heli. Healy, you can
                 unmute and go ahead please.

Heli:            Good morning, everyone. So, we saw that the revenue growth has
                 increased significantly. But on the PAT level, PAT margins if you
                 compare with H1 of the last year, the PAT margins have quite gone
                                 Page 12 of 26
                                                   Aimtron Electronics Limited (AIMT)
                                                 H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
                                                                     November 6, 2025

                 down. And I didn't notice the COGS has gone significantly up if we
                 compare to the H1 of last year. So just wanted to understand the
                 reason behind this, that this is the expansion plans that we executing
                 or any other reasons associated with the increment in the COGS.

Sneh Shah:       Thanks, Heli for the question. So probably if you see when we are
                 raging on scalability down the line, then it's going to be part of it. But
                 if you see the major part of this was like because box build is getting
                 contributed more. So till date, it was more of in PCBA or PCB
                 assembly, but then down the line, like if you see, then it's going to be
                 more of in system integration. So that will include like cable
                 assembly, plastic, sheet metal or a complete system integration or a
                 complete box build. So that's the prime reason. And probably, that will
                 help us to not only like increase the revenue, but also margin will be
                 normalised. I don't think so like our structure profitability will be in
                 pain. So that is something that is still reasonable, like to what we are
                 projecting as of now.

                 And greenfield project, probably to what you like looking for. So next
                 year is something that we are eyeing on somewhere around Q3 and/or
                 Q4 is something we are eyeing at to get it into the operational mode.
                 But if something gets on a positive note with a couple of things going
                 around, we may be on a faster note. But as of now, like you can expect
                 to be operational by somewhere around December or next year Q4.

Heli:            So, are we expecting expansion in the PAT margins in the coming
                 second half of the year? Or do you say it will be on the same levels?

Sneh Shah:       I would say it would be more or less same like with the same
                 sustainability that we are trying to because we already have stated like
                 15% with few percent changes here and there. So, structure
                 profitability will be in alignment.

Mukesh Vasani:   Just to add one line to Sneh. Even though like situation never
                 happened in the past like tariff situation, geopolitical situation, we
                 means Aimtron team did a wonderful job to manage the -- and
                 manoeuvre and make the right move to maintain the revenue and the
                 PAT more. I think that's what really a good and beautiful thing about
                 Aimtron. Continuous SWOT analysis, continuous thinking how we
                 can make it, how we can turn around, how we can be agile and that's
                 where we did it. So I think maybe adding to Sneh's answer. Thank
                 you, Heli.

Heli:            Okay. Thank you.
                                 Page 13 of 26
                                                   Aimtron Electronics Limited (AIMT)
                                                 H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
                                                                     November 6, 2025


Moderator:       Thank you, Heli. We'll take the next question from the line of Mayank
                 Kapoor. Mayank, you can unmute and go ahead, please.

Mayank Kapur:    Hey, team thank you for the amazing set of results and the detailed
                 walk through of the presentation. Most of my questions have been
                 answered. Just one left, which is on the PSU Navratna order that we
                 have bagged recently. Just wanted to understand three things about it.
                 First of all, is it related to aerospace or defence. Secondly, is there any
                 direction in terms of value or execution timeline that you can give us?
                 And thirdly, is this a major part of the order book that was shared
                 earlier?

Sneh Shah:       Sure. So, I think good tale of questions, I would say. So, if I would
                 like to give a glimpse of first on how exactly our strategy is going to
                 be for defence programme. Because if you see defence programme
                 have like much longer qualification cycles and they are lumpy nature
                 with higher working capital needs. So, we would rather grow
                 sustainably, then change the near-term optics. So, we have seen like a
                 couple of peers who has been affecting on profitability.

                 So currently to what we are working on is, again in high tech kind of
                 an activity. So, you may see that order activity might not exceed like
                 double-digit kind of an overall contribution, but the value of it would
                 be much more higher than that. So recently, like to what Navratna
                 PSUs we are working currently, so that is more of a military
                 communication kind of an activity, radar and surveillance and all that
                 kind of an equipment PCBs that we are working. So just in one
                 example. So, one PCB is just 32-layered PCB, and then on BGA
                 module that we put on top of it, that BGA module is around ₹32 lakhs.
                 Just one module itself is ₹32 lakh kind of a worth kind of a model. So
                 that kind of PCB is something or that kind of an opportunity is
                 something that we are eyeing at.

                 And so, we are consciously working on it, but not that aggressive in
                 defence right now despite of opportunities. But, yeah, in case, again,
                 like anything in global terms, definitely, we are eyeing on it. And
                 working with a couple of global players on just see to it on how can
                 we go into that global like to what other sectors we are doing. So
                 something similar to that. Mukesh, if you want to add anything.

Mukesh Vasani:   And I would like to add one line Mayank. See defence is a buzz word.
                 Honeywell does a tailwind and Honeywell does the black box for
                 defence; I'm just talking about. So, what Aimtron is focusing on the
                                 Page 14 of 26
                                                   Aimtron Electronics Limited (AIMT)
                                                 H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
                                                                     November 6, 2025

                 control box. So, the size of the order is also matters, but also the PAT
                 and gross margin is also matters. So, I think we are balancing that also
                 because a lot of companies, they do defence business, but still, they
                 don't make money. It happens too. So that was -- we are very careful
                 on that. Just to add that. Thank you.

Mayank Kapur:    Yeah, thank you for answering that. Just another question that I had.
                 So, I believe this was answered in the last con call, but I didn't get it
                 fully. So, I think in H2 of 2026, we are going to have higher
                 contribution from box build, as was stated earlier in the presentation.
                 So, should we expect some sort of margin improvement either in
                 terms of EBITDA margin or PAT margin on H2 versus H1?

Mukesh Vasani:   That would be a bonus. But whatever right now, we are targeting 15%
                 plus, minus 1 or 2.

Mayank Kapoor:   Got it. Make sense. Thank you so much and I wish you all the best.

Mukesh Vasani:   Thank you.

Moderator:       Thank you, Mayank. We'll take the next question from the line of
                 Deepak Poddar. Mr. Deepak, you can unmute and go ahead, please.

Deepak Poddar:   Thank you much very much for this opportunity. Just wanted to
                 understand, first, if you mentioned about a lot of Tier 1 pipeline are
                 already in place. So, our current order book is close to ₹465 crores. So
                 how should, I mean, what's the quantum of the pipeline we are looking
                 at in terms of accretion to our order books. So can you throw some
                 light on that, that would be very helpful.

Sneh Shah:       Sure. So, if I just give you, like as I stated in the presentation as well,
                 so just to give you a glimpse of it, that ₹97.5 crores or ₹100 crores
                 kind of an ODM project. So that's an $8 billion revenue group or
                 global leader in providing solutions for datacentres and
                 communication network, who is eyeing on India as a key market for
                 outsourcing design like ODM projects. So, we already have secured
                 one project and down the line, they are even eyeing at like you can say
                 400 or 500 kind of an opportunity in the next three to five years.

                 And then there are a couple of other companies like where like the
                 initial phase of discussions are ongoing. So, one is again related to a
                 power sector who is a leading from India, again, a global player based
                 on India, where audits are completed, and that also can be a scale of
                 around ₹50 crores to ₹100 crores next couple of years of time frame.
                                 Page 15 of 26
                                                   Aimtron Electronics Limited (AIMT)
                                                 H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
                                                                     November 6, 2025

                 So, such kind of players, we already have started activities and
                 engagement, but again, as I stated for specific to sales cycle, it takes
                 time.

                 ODM project, it took us almost 15 months of time frame to get
                 converted from like initial discussion to a final closure, because then
                 you discuss initially then comes like when both leadership teams
                 comes into the picture, engagement of them, then post that we just say
                 to it like RFQs are shared, then comes to the audit phase post audit.
                 Again, negotiation phase comes up. And then it comes to the proto
                 batch once proto is done, if in case design then design after that proto
                 and then production batch comes into the picture.

                 So, if you see the complete cycle of it, then probably 12 to 15 months
                 is something that we eye on for a closure.

Deepak Poddar:   And what would be the total quantum of this pipeline? I mean, overall
                 and income that may get added to your order book over the next six
                 months revenue?

Sneh Shah:       Same kind of a trajectory we have like to what it was there in first half
                 of the year. So, we are just trying to see on how can we more it get
                 into the conversion mode. So same kind of RFQ pipeline, we still have
                 intact.

Deepak Poddar:   Any kind of year end order book target you will have, compared to
                 465 Crore we would have currently.

Sneh Shah:       So, you can be louder your voice was not audible

Deepak Poddar:   So, I was just trying to understand any kind of order book target you
                 would have at year-end FY 2026 and by March 2026, what sort of
                 order book we want to maintain?

Sneh Shah:       I think a good question. So based on that, you can even assume next
                 year revenue. But next year revenue, you can say again 40%, 50%
                 CAGR is something that we are going to eye on. So, we'll remain with
                 almost, you can say, like what we are projecting next year will be
                 helping you out later end of this year. But, yeah, we do have some
                 targets internally on what should be the open book. And we'll give you
                 more clarity towards the end of the year.

Deepak Poddar:   Okay. That's very helpful sir. I think that would be from my side. All
                 the very best.
                                 Page 16 of 26
                                                   Aimtron Electronics Limited (AIMT)
                                                 H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
                                                                     November 6, 2025


Moderator:       Thank you, Deepak. We'll take the next question from Rehan Saiyyed.
                 Rehan, you can unmute and go ahead, please.

Rehan Saiyyed:   So, like you have answered my couple of questions, so I have left is
                 one. So, could you please share on more on the nature of your recent
                 AI IoT order from the U.S. client and whether such engagements
                 could lead to recurring ODM programmes to follow or follow-on
                 orders regarding this side?

Sneh Shah:       Okay. So, both are different. So, like AI, we already closed that order.
                 We announced that last half of the year itself, that was $1.8 million
                 kind of an order and execution has already started on that front. And
                 IoT, there are two major orders. One is from the U.S. client that has
                 recently spoke. So, more opportunities are coming up from their door
                 as well related to the, again, ODM kind of a model itself. And another
                 local domestic project that we closed with 50,000 units down the line,
                 they are even expecting more on that front. This 50,000, again, the
                 engagement of deliverables has started and down the line by Q4 like
                 our financial year, we're expecting something more on the trajectory
                 too.

Rehan Saiyyed:   Okay. And just more clarification on the PLS scheme regarding the
                 component. So my second question is on the side of the -- with the
                 new PLS schemes for passive components and strong government
                 initiatives for defence and Medtech manufacturing. So, are you
                 evaluating any participation in any of these policy programmes?

Sneh Shah:       We are exploring on ECMS, Electronic Component Manufacturing
                 Scheme and specific to SFT small fibre optics, but probably we'll give
                 you more glimpse when we get 100% clarity on it. But, yes, definitely,
                 explorations are ongoing for SFT, because we are already getting
                 more tractions on our telecom sector. So that's part of going to be
                 telecom and network security.

Rehan Saiyyed:   Okay. Fair enough. Thank you.

Moderator:       Thank you, Rehan. We'll take the next question from Akshay Shah.
                 Akshay, you can go ahead, please.

Akshay Shah:     Thank you for the opportunity. And congratulation for good
                 execution. You mentioned that you are exploring also Airbus some
                 part of order from Airbus programme. Can you elaborate that at what
                 part of value chain are you working there?
                                 Page 17 of 26
                                                   Aimtron Electronics Limited (AIMT)
                                                 H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
                                                                     November 6, 2025


Sneh Shah:       Mukesh?

Mukesh Vasani:   So, I think, Sneh, I can add a little bit here. Qualification process right
                 now is a prospect mode. And we are NDA and everything is almost
                 done. And we are in the mode, because now we just got recently …

Sneh Shah:       Akshay, to give you a brief on that front, till Mukesh comes back.
                 Probably initial engagement has already started. And again, as I stated
                 before, that conversion is going to be something that's going to take
                 time. Initially, any new projects comes or any new customer comes,
                 that is a bit on a smaller edge first to start with. And then down the
                 line, stolen gradually that size of revenue increases. But sky is the
                 little. There is no like limitation to that. But definitely, down the line,
                 it can turn big.

Akshay Shah:     So, I want to understand that what part of value chain are you
                 excluding there. Are you exploring PCB? Or are you exploring box
                 build or design then what kind of opportunity is there for you?

Mukesh Vasani:   So mostly, we are an ESDM company, is that correct? So, unless we
                 have to take only PC board, we're going to go forth and take it, but we
                 encourage our customer with full box and even cable. So, on the
                 programme, we'll do cable and a small box also, control box.

Akshay Shah:     And are we having an Indian facility IPC A 610 Class III certificate?

Mukesh Vasani:   Yes. Also, we won three awards in a state level about the soldering
                 and performance also. IPC standard class 3 soldering technique. So,
                 we won the award also through IPC.

Akshay Shah:     Okay. Thank you so much. And all the best for the future.

Mukesh Vasani:   Thank you.

Moderator:       We'll take the next question from the line of Darshit Shah. Darshit you
                 can unmute and go ahead, please.

Darshit Shah:    Yeah, thanks for the opportunity. And congratulations on good set of
                 numbers. I have a couple of questions. So, one question is, expanding
                 our global footprint. And even in the recent fundraise document you
                 mentioned about acquisitions. So, can you highlight what is the road
                 map there? What are we looking at? I understand we are also coming
                 up with a greenfield capacity, so over and above that, we are looking
                                 Page 18 of 26
                                                   Aimtron Electronics Limited (AIMT)
                                                 H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
                                                                     November 6, 2025

                 something for inorganic growth. So, if you can share some highlights
                 of what's the need of going globally apart from the greenfield project
                 that's already coming up. Mukeshji, if you can share some thoughts on
                 that.

Mukesh Vasani:   Let me start with Aimtron 2.0. Nirmal, do you want to share some
                 glimpse first. And then I'll add.

Nirmal Vasani:   Sure. So, when it comes to the subject of M&A, every company sort
                 of has their own unique rationale for why they're pursuing going down
                 that path. For Aimtron, our circumstances are a little unique. We have
                 a lot of expertise in how we can manufacture well. We have a lot of
                 expertise in driving profitability from a seemingly low margin
                 business structure.

                 And for us finding a company with the right culture, finding a
                 company with good talent and helping guide them towards a stronger
                 bottom line performance can be something that can bring a lot of
                 value to the table. When we're looking at these M&A opportunities,
                 I've personally visited multiple of these facilities, very preliminary
                 discussions right now, mind you, I don't want to make it sound like it's
                 anything more advanced than what it actually is.

                 But when going and evaluating these opportunities, what I'm really
                 looking for is, do they have the right people in place? Do they have
                 the right talent in place? Is this a culture that can work with us, that
                 can work with Aimtron, that can work with India and really grow our
                 global footprint. And so that is very important. It's not going to take
                 the place of the greenfield projects that we're doing. Those are all
                 organic growth, and we certainly are not going to sacrifice any of our
                 attention in the organic areas.

                 But the inorganic growth is very good at opening up new levels of
                 expertise, opening up new sectors, opening up new opportunities that
                 otherwise as Sneh mentioned, we might have to spend maybe 10
                 months, 12 months, 15 months trying to gain entry into.

                 So Aimtron is very diligently evaluating all the opportunities. We're
                 not going to make a shortsighted short-term decision. We're going to
                 ensure that whatever we select is going to be the best for our long-
                 term growth and for your long-term future.

Mukesh Vasani:   I think you want to see more kind of a firm answer. But without the
                 telling said we cannot tell most of the things here. But just to give you
                                 Page 19 of 26
                                                   Aimtron Electronics Limited (AIMT)
                                                 H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
                                                                     November 6, 2025

                 just a little highlight that we showed is five, six opportunities right
                 now. And as Nirmal said, he already visited all six facilities. And we
                 are trying to shortlist. Recently, just about a month, everything settled
                 down about the turmoil in the White House. So, it looks like now
                 people accepted whatever tariff is tariff, whatever the situation is
                 situation.

                 So now started. So, within short time, you will get some answer from
                 us or some announcement from us. So please stay tuned.

Darshit Shah:    Sure, that is helpful to understand. My second question is you
                 mentioned into aerospace, particularly in defence, sorry, you are
                 speaking something Mukesh. I'm sorry, continue.

Mukesh Vasani:   No, no, okay, continue.

Darshit Shah:    So, my second question is on the -- our entry to aerospace,
                 particularly, and you mentioned about the Airbus A350 program. And
                 I understand that the qualification process in all this is a pretty
                 stringent and time taking. But once you kind of get through, it's a
                 long-term contract that you get in because of the criticalities involved
                 and even quantum is pretty decent. So, can you, I mean, share in
                 which process we are in Airbus as far as the qualification is concerned
                 and a little bit insight on how big this aerospace opportunity can be for
                 us going down the line?

Mukesh Vasani:   See, this is kind of a long process to even explain right now in the
                 essence of time, I would like to maybe take one-on-one later on. But
                 right now, what I'm trying to say is we had one company called, a
                 Japanese company called Nidec and they literally failed us.

                 And when we look at the reason to failed us, so they went to the final
                 inspector and I know the person who is the final inspector has glass on
                 these eyes. So, they ask questions, when you went to the doctor to see
                 your eye. So, as the persons say two years, clarify everything and they
                 just failed. And then they explained that, if you have a person never
                 calibrated eye in the last two years, his number may be change or
                 something changed. So, we are looking those companies, they can
                 look at that depth. It took us about a year to get to that level to get an
                 NDA, to bring it to the factory and then still, I'm just talking about
                 four years ago story.

                 Now we are totally changed, and we know that we learned hard way.
                 But those are the Airbus programme or some of the Caterpillar
                                 Page 20 of 26
                                                         Aimtron Electronics Limited (AIMT)
                                                       H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
                                                                           November 6, 2025

                       programme or some of the programme we have in pipeline, it's almost
                       20 years program. Some is 10 years; some is 20 years. Again, I say
                       that we have also defence of world. A lot of people, oh my God,
                       defence, defence but defence has a lot of things plus and minus also.
                       And we need to be a very balancing and defence also, and that's what
                       we are planning to accomplish. But we'll give you more information
                       later on as the time goes through. Thank you.

Darshit Shah:          Thank you so much.

Moderator:             Thank you, Darshit. We'll take the next question from the line of
                       Sumit Chopra. Sumit, you can unmute and go ahead please.

Moderator:             Yes Sumit, go ahead please, you can unmute and go ahead

Moderator:             So, we will take the next question from Praneet. Praneet, you can
                       unmute and go ahead please.

Praneeth Bommisetti:   Hello, thank you for the opportunity. Just wondering about in terms of
                       production capabilities. I understand that.

Mukesh Vasani:         Yes, we have a community up to ₹1,000 crores. With minor, it may
                       also say in the presentation with my additional expense, we have a
                       capability of ₹1,000 crores.

Praneeth Bommisetti:   With the existing?

Mukesh Vasani:         Existing is about ₹500 crores. And there's so we started wind field
                       project.

Praneeth Bommisetti:   So, in terms of going forward, I'm sorry for interrupting, but yeah, got
                       it. So how much maintenance CapEx or what kind of CapEx will be
                       expecting to spend in the next three years that you already have
                       ₹2,000 crores.

Mukesh Vasani:         3% to 5%. So next three years, we no need more than…

Praneeth Bommisetti:   3% to 5% of the top line, is it?

Mukesh Vasani:         So Sneh, can you take it because I don't have a clear answer here. I
                       don't have a clear voice.

Sneh Shah:             Basically for ₹1,000 crores like to what current capacity we have is
                       around ₹450 crores to ₹500 crores, the current infrastructure that we
                                       Page 21 of 26
                                                         Aimtron Electronics Limited (AIMT)
                                                       H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
                                                                           November 6, 2025

                       have. So, our next new coming facility that we are going to add up. So
                       that is going to have additional ₹500 crores kind of capacity, on top of
                       the current ₹500 crores capacity. So that new like the greenfield
                       project that is coming up, so that will have six SMT lines down the
                       line, and that will help us to raise ₹1,000 crores kind of in revenue.

Praneeth Bommisetti:   So, what kind of asset turn do we expect from each SMT line with the
                       new ones versus the old ones?

Mukesh Vasani:         So probably even the current SMT lines to what we have in state-of-
                       the-art. So, with one SMT line, we can approximately generate around
                       ₹100 crores kind of a revenue.

Praneeth Bommisetti:   Okay. There won't be much of a difference with the new ones and the
                       old ones.

Mukesh Vasani:         The current thing that we have, it's a newer one only.

Praneeth Bommisetti:   Understood. Got it. And in terms of the...

Moderator:             Praneet, I would ask you to please join the queue, there are many in
                       line.

Praneeth Bommisetti:   Yeah, sure. Thank you.

Moderator:             We'll take the next question from Harshit Shah. Harshit, you can
                       unmute and go ahead please.

Harshit Shah:          Thanks for the opportunity. And congratulations on good set of
                       numbers. I have, two questions. One is about Greenfield Vadodara
                       project. We have six SMT lines under construction and you have said
                       is a phased rollout, so can you please share the timelines of the rollout,
                       how many SMT lines will be online in current financial year and in
                       next financial year? And the second question is about your order book
                       execution.

                       In current six months, we have executed of 1226 million and we have
                       4639 million on hand. So, I'm not expecting any number, but how
                       much orders are we going to execute? Is there any timelines? What
                       kind of order we are expecting in these six months execution? Thank
                       you.

Sneh Shah:             Sure. So, we'll go and see your second question first. So, our order
                       execution probably to what numbers we have projected for this year.
                                       Page 22 of 26
                                                  Aimtron Electronics Limited (AIMT)
                                                H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
                                                                    November 6, 2025

                So, you can consider the projections and you can do the reverse
                calculation. So based on that, we'll be able to get the real numbers. So,
                in short, we will be in line with this year's projected numbers to get to
                that milestone in terms of an execution.

                And the new greenfield project that we are coming up with. So that is
                going to be a single floor kind of plant with this going to be with
                global standards. And that is going to be like seamless production
                floor with like MAS driven real-time traceability and couple of other
                IoT-related activities that are going to get imparted into it.

                And initially, we'll have two SMT lines. And down the line, like once
                that gets into the full-fledged utilisation more, then we'll add two more
                and then two more. So that is what the plan is. And then that two will
                have like injection moulding and basic of ship metal also in-house. So
                that will help us for sustenance in complete box with system
                integration.

Harshit Shah:   Just the first two SMT lines will be ready by what time, is there any
                time lines?

Sneh Shah:      Initially, one SMT lines, we are planning to get it operational by end
                of next year, Q3 or early Q4.

Harshit Shah:   Okay, thank you.

Moderator:      Thank you, Harshit. We will take the next question from Yamank
                Kumar. Yamank You can unmute please.

Yamank Kumar:   Hello, sir. Thank you so much for the opportunity. I got two questions.
                One is on the fund raising and other one is on the SMT line timeline.
                So, my first question is in case of fundraising regard in your last con
                call, you have mentioned that the equity is too precious to dilute. But
                then in the recent press release, you have issued preferential shares
                and share warrants converted into preferential shares in 18 months.
                So, can you throw some light on that? Also, what is your time line for
                let this SMT line for this whole six new SMT lines that will be coming
                up in the Greenfield segment. So, if you can put it in proper timeline
                basis?

Sneh Shah:      Sure. Mukesh, will answer the second question first, and then you can
                go with the first one. So specific to SMT lines, operational, like we are
                planning to have two SMT lines every year once it gets operational.
                So, you can expect that next financial year, we'll have addition of two
                                Page 23 of 26
                                                   Aimtron Electronics Limited (AIMT)
                                                 H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
                                                                     November 6, 2025

                 SMT lines and then down the line every like financial year will add to
                 every year. That's what we are.

Mukesh Vasani:   So as a rule of thumb, one SMT line can produce up to ₹100 crores, is
                 that correct? That's what we already discussed, and we know
                 everybody in this industry right now, EMS industry. The answer is
                 very tricky, correct? We are a paid-up company. We don't have any
                 debt, why we are raising the fund. So, on the other side, to bring up
                 the facility takes at least 1.5 years to two years, unless you buy
                 something.

                 So right now, our current capacity is ₹450 crores to ₹500 crores. And
                 we are thinking that one we fill in two years, this year and next year.
                 In two years, that will be filled. If you go over 60%, 70% CAGR, it
                 will be filled. So, we need to prepare for the third facility or third
                 capacity. So that's why we thought instead of taking the loan, let's get
                 the warrant and we calculate that before we go to main board, if you
                 can have at least a facility ready for ₹1,000 crores, products and
                 capability. So that's what we did.

                 Right now, the boom and a ₹1 trillion EMS industry, there's a lot of
                 opportunities there. And we are feeling that it will require some time
                 to set the facility. So, like a phase as we're going to get the money and
                 we invest the money. So good for investors also and good for us also.
                 So that's why we went to the preferential route.

Yamank Kumar:    Then you said that debt will be a better option rather than equity. So
                 that is somewhere a bit concrete that is coming on. I need a bit of
                 clarification on it.

Mukesh Vasani:   I understand, debt is always good. But if you have too much debt, also
                 then is also not good. Is that correct? So, we cap for, let's say, I have
                 an opportunity tomorrow to buy a ₹200 crore company. So, the
                 question I have is my paid-up capital, I had to look at the retained
                 earnings and everything.

                 So, at that time, I can use that a wild card. So that's why we did not
                 play that card at the time. So, there is so many things coming picture
                 that correct? So, let's wait and watch because now we're also looking
                 at M&A right now, it's exploration. We need some debt all of that too.
                 Is that correct? So, at that time, I think if we have a capability to
                 expand more with our current capacity of financial capacity, I'm
                 taking and the debt, we can buy a better option.

                                 Page 24 of 26
                                                   Aimtron Electronics Limited (AIMT)
                                                 H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
                                                                     November 6, 2025

                 So that's why, but it will be too early to compare that much in a
                 journey like this once you cross ₹500 crores, ₹1,000 crores, then and
                 then you can like compare like your debt is too high or maybe this is
                 and we still have about 69%, 70% still control on that. So, it's not that
                 much. We also put our own money too. So, it's not that much we
                 dilute the equity also.

Yamank Kumar:    All right, sir. Thank you so much.

Sneh Shah:       Also, like last year on to that. Like a lot of exciting things are coming
                 up on that front. So, there will be a mixed baggage of all and down the
                 line you'll have more questions on that front.

Moderator:       Thank you. Due to paucity of time, this was the last question for the
                 day Mukesh and Sneh, would you like to give any closing comments
                 before we end this conference call.

Mukesh Vasani:   I think I know it was a good call. And it was very good questions. I
                 see there's a lot of activities in the investor community also that where
                 Aimtron is going to go, what Aimtron has to give, what is the next
                 move? Where is M&A? How this sustainability.

                 So, one thing you will see from Aimtron is a transparency and hard
                 work and teamwork. That's what we are focusing on it. Where we say
                 we try to accomplish that we don't say. So that is something you'd like
                 to put a challenging trend in this industry. EMS is kind of a sector.
                 You have a very rich variety of people and factories, you will see. But
                 Aimtron would like to set a path for EMS industry, how we can do a
                 quality product, how we can do a best product with best margin.

                 And still, we can sustain the -- sorry, you can have a top line also. So
                 that is something we are trying to accomplish, and we'll be moving in
                 that path. And we are going in that path. And I think time will tell, and
                 it will let everybody regret that you are a partner with us and most
                 welcome to stay with us. And I think you will not regret for that.

Nirmal Vasani:   If I can just add one more thing to that. I see that a lot of these
                 questions, they're coming from a very good spirit. They're coming
                 from a very good place of what can I predict Aimtron success to be.
                 I'm going to give you the short and simple answer, the best answer I
                 can possibly give you. Up until now, Aimtron's philosophy has been to
                 let the results speak for themselves. Please continue to watch over us.
                 We'll continue to give you good results. Thank you, everyone.

                                 Page 25 of 26
                                                 Aimtron Electronics Limited (AIMT)
                                               H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
                                                                   November 6, 2025

Vinay Pandit:   Thank you. Thank you to all the participants and the management
                team. This brings us to the end of today's conference call. You may all
                disconnect now. Thank you.




                               Page 26 of 26
