Date: 02-05-2026


To,
The Corporate Relationship Dept.,
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex,
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051

Symbol: - AIMTRON
ISIN: - INE0RUV01018

Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Transcripts of Post Earnings Conference Call for H2 FY2026.

Dear Sir/Madam,

With reference to our Intimation dated 22nd April, 2026 regarding an Invite for Conference Call of
Investors and Analysts scheduled on Tuesday, 28th April, 2026 and pursuant to Regulation 30 and Part
A of Schedule III of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015, we
hereby provide transcripts of the Company’s H2 FY2026 Post Earnings Conference Call held with the
Investors/Analysts.

In compliance with Regulation 46 (2) (oa) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript will also be available on
the website of the Company at https://www.aimtron.in/investors-meetspresentations/

Thanking you,

Yours faithfully,

For Aimtron Electronics Limited
PRIYANK
          Digitally signed by PRIYANKA SHAH
          DN: c=IN, postalCode=411015, st=MAHARASHTRA, street=A2 203
          SHANTIBAN COOP HOUSING SOCIETYDHAAANORI
          ROADPUNEVISHRANTWADIVISHRAANTWADI CHOWK 411015,
          l=PUNE, o=Personal, title=8152,
          serialNumber=f5c6dd94f72204dcaa636aa72e6d9841bea79dda51c5




A SHAH
          77f75eaeed79bd820eff,
          pseudonym=51f945ff8e6bf22448910faab4a39ccd,
          2.5.4.20=429dae698d768aba688139736a0ba1247657c142eb3001de
          b6b54967e29d53e7, email=PRISHA9394@GMAIL.COM,
          cn=PRIYANKA SHAH
          Date: 2026.05.02 18:20:28 +05'30'




PRIYANKA SHAH
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
AIMTRON ELECTRONICS LIMITED

                  H2 & FY26

POST EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL

      April 28, 2026 03:30 PM IST


           Management Team

Mr. Mukesh Vasani - Chairman (Promoter)
 Mr. Sneh Shah - Whole Time Director
Ms. Nikita Shah - Chief Financial Officer




                  Call Coordinator



       Strategy & Investor Relations Consulting
                                                Aimtron Electronics Limited (AIMT)
                                            H2 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
                                                                      April 29, 2026

Presentation

Vinay Pandit:    Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Kaptify Consulting Investor
                 Relations team, I welcome you all to the H2 FY '26 Post Earnings
                 Conference Call of Aimtron Electronics Limited. Today on the call
                 from the management, we have with us Mr. Mukesh Vasani,
                 Chairman and Promoter, Mr. Sneh Shah, Whole Time Director, and
                 Ms. Nikita Shah, Chief Financial Officer.

                 As a disclaimer, I would like to inform all of you that this call may
                 contain forward-looking statements, which may involve risks and
                 uncertainties. Also, a reminder that this call is being recorded.

                 I would now request the management to briefly run us through the
                 investor presentation and the business and performance highlights for
                 the period ended March 2026, the growth plan and vision for the
                 coming year, post which we will open the floor for Q&A.

                 Over to the management team.

Mukesh Vasani:   Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you Vinay ji. On behalf of
                 Aimtron Electronics Limited and our Board of Directors, I warmly
                 welcome all our investors, analysts, shareholders, advisors and
                 stakeholders in today's call. Please welcome. We sincerely appreciate
                 your continued trust, support, and interest in Aimtron's journey.

                 Last two years almost, actually, we are only a few days away, a few
                 weeks away from our -- to finishing the second years. So last two
                 years, Aimtron journey, your confidence encourages us to keep
                 building Aimtron with a long-term vision, strong governance, and
                 disciplined execution.

                 At Aimtron, we are moving forward with our Aimtron 2.0 vision with
                 strengthening our core electronics manufacturing capabilities,
                 expanding our global presence. You see that we have already acquired
                 a company in Decatur, Illinois, and building a deeper customer
                 relationship like a stickiness of the customer and creating a more
                 professional, scalable, and future-ready organisation.

                 We remain focused, as we promised previously also on sustainable
                 growth, operational excellence, innovation and long-term value
                 creation for all stakeholders. Again, thank you so much for taking the
                 time today. As you know, we are only one year away from main board
                 entry, and we are very prepared. I guess, all the check boxes already
                                 Page 2 of 26
                                             Aimtron Electronics Limited (AIMT)
                                         H2 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
                                                                   April 29, 2026

             checked off, except we have a three years timeline. So with your
             support, once we finish three years, we'll move forward on that also
             and we started the preparation.

             I think today, your interest is more on question answers and results.
             So, I will hand over to Sneh and Nikita to just give a little overview
             about Aimtron and results, and then we'll go for question-and-answer.
             Again, thank you so much. Really appreciate .

Sneh Shah:   Thanks, Mukesh, for the brief Certainly, I think it has been a great
             story like past two years to what trajectory we have changed. So,
             considering that as Aimtron, so initially we used to be more on like
             PCB assembly, more of an EMS, which we redirected towards ESDM,
             ODM-led manufacturing, design-led manufacturing kind of an
             activity. And that is now getting surfaced in the last couple of quarters
             result as well.

             So as Aimtron, basically, we are termed as an ESDM, electronics
             system design and manufacturing. So, we are in like manufacturing
             facilities in Gujarat VadodaraOne is in U.S., which we recently
             acquired one company that is renamed as Aimtron International
             Controls and we do have our presence in Bangalore as well. And the
             sectors, we will go more into it depth on which are the sectors we are
             already there.

             So this year, we added more. One was agrotech. In aerospace and
             defence where we got qualification under certification of AS9100D.
             So this year like we gained trusted telecom partner. And railways also,
             we started encountering the orders and RDSO approvals will takes
             place in the next couple of quarters.

             So, these are the global certifications that we have in place. For
             instance, 13485 makes us visible globally for Medtech products along
             with CDSCO, which are now mandatory for Made in India
             equipments. So, we do several things under Medtech. 16949 is
             approved for specific to automotive. AS9100, as we stated, we
             recently got approval last year, and trusted telecom partner that also
             got approved. We are already approved under that last year. And
             RDSO is something that is under progress and probably this year by
             first half or probably by third quarter, we expect to make a closure on
             that part.

             So, probably, this is more on the Aimtron Electronics India is a
             holding company. So, we created one subsidiary called Aimtron
                             Page 3 of 26
                                                 Aimtron Electronics Limited (AIMT)
                                             H2 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
                                                                       April 29, 2026

                 Mechatronics. That's a greenfield project. We acquired a space here in
                 Vadodara itself, where down the line we are expecting to have
                 injection moulding, sheet metal and all that in-house. And then we
                 created a wholly-owned subsidiary, Aimtron Electronics LLC that is
                 in Texas. And that is basically a wholly-owned subsidiary of Aimtron
                 India itself. And then Aimtron International Controls is like AEL,
                 probably falls under AEL LLC. AIC falls under AEL LLC, Texas.

                 PLI, we applied for ECMS under SFP segment, small fibre optics. So
                 just to give a more brief like small form factor pluggables that comes
                 from 1G to 50G. Probably, India demand is getting aggregated and it's
                 expected like to go up to 40G capacity range. And that is what we are
                 also advancing in that direction. So, we are working on TOT as of
                 now, transfer of technology with one of the international player that is
                 in progress as of now. And once we get that TOT signed and probably
                 down the line, we'll be eyeing on how do we have more rollover on
                 that part. So, that will be under Aimtron Mechatronics.

                 So this is like more often solutions that we provide, product
                 engineering solutions, PES we call, so that includes like hardware,
                 software, firmware, mechanical. And if you see last half of the year,
                 proud to say that our PCBs were like in '26 January to what parade it
                 was being displayed. Drones were displayed for [Voice inaudible]
                 [0:07:59] complete China Plus One kind of a story because it was
                 more of a defence level.

                 Then we entered railway where we are providing like SIL-4 level
                 integrated systems that is anti-collision advanced collision system
                 along with a couple of signalling orders that we have started getting
                 in. Data centres story, probably into the market has started now. We
                 have been working on this since almost a year where we got one order
                 of $12 million there where we are designing from scratch, starting
                 from 1 kV, 2 kV, 3 kV with battery, without battery and that company
                 where we are as of now going with three variants, six SKUs of it and
                 probably down the line, we are expecting to go more.

                 And then our AI dashboard camera, it's as of now getting used in
                 GSRTC, local bus Gujarat State Road Transportation. And down the
                 line, that is expected to get rolled over in pan-India, again, not
                 immediately, but down the line, that's what. So all are getting
                 manufactured at Aimtron itself, Vadodara factory.

Mukesh Vasani:   Maybe Nikita, you can take this.

                                 Page 4 of 26
                                                     Aimtron Electronics Limited (AIMT)
                                                 H2 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
                                                                           April 29, 2026

Nikita Shah:          Hello, everyone. A warm welcome for the financial discussion
                      regarding the 31 March, 2026. For H2 2026, Aimtron Electronics
                      reported consolidated revenue from operations of ₹1,786 million and
                      EBITDA was ₹369 million and profit after tax was ₹257 million. H2
                      FY '26 revenue grew at 45.7% over H1 FY '26.

                      Over a full-year basis, FY '26 consolidated revenue from the
                      operations grew at 89.2% year-on-year that is ₹3,012 million
                      compared with the ₹1,592 million of FY '25. Profit after tax increased
                      at 79.4% to ₹460 million compared with the ₹256 million in financial
                      year '25. EBITDA margin stood at 22.6% in FY '26. PAT margin
                      stood at 15.3% in FY '26. This is after the consolidation of the
                      subsidiaries and for the current financial year.




Mukesh Vasani:        I think, Sneh, you want to take the order book.

Sneh Shah:            Certainly, like, so if we combine all group of companies, probably we
                      stand at somewhere around ₹600 crores kind of an open order book
                      that includes Aimtron India as well as AIC in total. And geography-
                      wise, probably it's more of an India, it's more of an international
                      clientele with around 20%, 25% as an export. And when it comes
                      specific to AIC, it's all domestic that is specific to U.S. market.

Mukesh Vasani:        Thank you. I think we can start question answers. Vinayji, you have
                      any more slides otherwise we can start the question answers.

Vinay Pandit:         Yeah. I think we will move to Q&A.

Mukesh Vasani:        Yeah. Because that's the main. Thank you Vinayji and thank you to
                      Nikita and Sneh. Sneh, as we have some voice little bit breaking, but
                      hopefully our investor see that. Maybe you can see on the website and
                      look at the full presentation and see whatever talked...




Question-and-Answer Session

Moderator:            Yeah. So, we'll take the first question from Ashutosh Shukla.
                      Ashutosh you can go ahead and ask your question.

                                      Page 5 of 26
                                                    Aimtron Electronics Limited (AIMT)
                                                H2 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
                                                                          April 29, 2026

Ashutosh Shukla:   Can you tell me the impact of PCB price increase and DRAM
                   shortage impact in the business?

Mukesh Vasani:     So, its EMS business, currently, we have already some of the locking
                   price and so we do not have that much impact directly indirectly at
                   this point. And because we are not the end user. And what we do, we
                   communicate with our customer and make sure they are prepared. So,
                   we transfer that cost to our customers. So at this point, Aimtron's
                   book, yes, we have some semiconductor shortage, but we do not have
                   that any pricing impact at this point on our EBITDA or on our PAT.

Ashutosh Shukla:   Okay. And one more question. With L&T recently entering in
                   electronic manufacturing services and ESDM space and
                   commissioning its PCB assembly and manufacture facility in
                   Coimbatore, how do you see this development impacting your
                   competitive positioning, pricing environment, and overall growth
                   prospect?

Mukesh Vasani:     So, I think we already in the previous call, we already shared some of
                   the information that this is a huge pie, $1 trillion pie, a pizza. It's not,
                   even L&T can eat everything. So, there is always a way if you have a
                   niche market, if you have a specialty business, you have a harden
                   electronics, you have some special things, then there is no way they
                   can beat us.

                   So, I think there is enough business. And if you look at our open order
                   book and pipeline right now is almost $70 to $80 million just worth of
                   pipeline we have. So, I don't think so it might hurt us. And also when
                   bigger company comes, they have a bigger overhead and it's very hard
                   to move Titanic versus speedboat. So, our Aimtron's goal is to be a
                   speedboat versus Titanic. Thank you.

Moderator:         Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Amit Jain.
                   So, Amit you can unmute and go ahead, please. I think we'll take the
                   next question from the line of Mr. Priyanshu Jain.

Priyanshu Jain:    Hi, congratulations on good set of results. Every quarter we come and
                   like you surprise us with the results. I have a few questions. First is on
                   the top line basis. So for this year, what is the internal target, which
                   we are targeting for this year?

Mukesh Vasani:     Sneh, you want to take?


                                    Page 6 of 26
                                                  Aimtron Electronics Limited (AIMT)
                                              H2 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
                                                                        April 29, 2026

Sneh Shah:        Probably we'll keep our strategy in line with 40%, 50% CAGR growth
                  because next couple of years with this year, I would say, next couple
                  of years, we eyeing on ₹1,000 crores kind of a journey. That is what
                  our ultimate goal is. So, you can keep intact with 40%, 50% CAGR
                  kind of a growth that will try to continue to deliver.

Priyanshu Jain:   Okay. Second question is on the EBITDA margin side. Recently, we
                  acquired like the ICS one. So due to that, we are seeing some impact
                  on the EBITDA margins on consolidated levels around 22%, 22.5%.

Sneh Shah:        So probably, we already have stated, so that company AIC now,
                  Aimtron International Controls, so if you see when we bought in that
                  phase of time, it was kind of early double-digit EBITDA itself. And
                  it's hardly two months. We already have started activities on that part.
                  So, ultimate goal is like slowly and gradually, probably in this
                  financial year, it will get consolidated full-year. So, you will see the
                  scope of improvement on what it was there before and what it is now
                  because we do have expertise on that ESDM market.

                  And best part is we are seeing the synergies and already transition
                  phase has started and completed. So, we know now where exactly to
                  tap and where exactly we can make the bottom line out. So, that is
                  where we have started working on that part. And probably down the
                  line, you will see the results. Probably like a couple of years down the
                  line, we are even eyeing on how do we take it up to the Aimtron kind
                  of a margin. Aimtron level margin for EBITDA as well as PAT.

Priyanshu Jain:   Okay. So like on consolidated levels, we can assume 22% is the
                  conservative, like the most least EBITDA margins we can see going
                  forward, right?

Sneh Shah:        Couple of years down the line, not immediately. This year, it was
                  early double-digit, kind of somewhere around 11% EBITDA.

Priyanshu Jain:   on consolidated levels, you are saying?

Sneh Shah:        Standalone. Specific to AIC.

Priyanshu Jain:   Okay. I'm talking about on consolidated levels like. So...

Sneh Shah:        Consolidation, we will be intact to what PAT margins and EBITDA
                  we are into. So that PAT 15%, like a couple of percentage, 1 or 2
                  percentage here and there. EBITDA 20% to 22% kind of a range will
                  be intact on the consolidation mode.
                                  Page 7 of 26
                                                  Aimtron Electronics Limited (AIMT)
                                              H2 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
                                                                        April 29, 2026


Priyanshu Jain:   Okay, third is on the like top line, as we are aiming for ₹1,000 Cr. So,
                  I think for the next two years, we don't require any kind of a Capex.
                  But after that, we are planning. Is there anything, which you want to
                  disclose right now?

Mukesh Vasani:    So, I think you can see that our Mechatronics facility is coming out
                  and some capacity will be there also. So right now, we don't need to
                  spend any more unless you have, say, ₹5 crores, ₹10 crores here and
                  there, minor tools upgrade or maybe small machines upgrade. But we
                  are not seeing another huge expansion cost in the existing setup. But
                  Mechatronic will have another setup with two SMT lines to start with
                  and four SMT lines over there.

                  If you look at this, you don't need that much because we already have
                  nine SMT lines right now. So in nine SMT lines, we can easily go up
                  to ₹800 crores, ₹900 crores. So, I think at this point, we don't need any
                  other Capex at this point. Thank you so much. We can take the next.

Moderator:        Thank you. I would request all participants to limit two questions in
                  the initial first round and then come back in the queue. We will take
                  the next participant, Rushin Shah. Rushin, you can go ahead please.

Rushin Shah:      Could you please clarify that how much percent of IPs are developed
                  in-house? And how much of that is sourced externally or externally
                  acquired? How is the company able to manage its design function with
                  relatively low employee benefit cost, especially given that design-led
                  businesses typically incur higher talent costs?

Sneh Shah:        Okay. So, we do have like a design team in-house where we have
                  hardware, software, firmware, mechanical everything. So, we have
                  somewhere around team of 45 to 50. And then we do have design
                  partners. So including that, we have a team of around 150 team
                  members. And IP typically remains with customers. We don't own the
                  IP. So, we try to be built from scratch and take the manufacturing
                  licensing kind of an activity. And we do support them from concept to
                  design to prototype to production and that too for a complete Box
                  Build system integration.

Mukesh Vasani:    With that said, our customers' requirement to get to the market easy,
                  we have about 80 platforms ready. That means those are the IPs. We
                  have got a number of IPs in the IoT, other areas, controls or storage,
                  power storage. In those areas, we already have a basic design
                  configuration is ready. Whenever a customer comes in three to four
                                  Page 8 of 26
                                                      Aimtron Electronics Limited (AIMT)
                                                  H2 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
                                                                            April 29, 2026

                     months, here's the product, so you can take it. And if they pay, then
                     they own it. If they don't pay, then we'll take the royalty or contract for
                     five, seven years.

Rushin Shah:         Okay. Management was guiding roughly around 40%, 50% revenue
                     growth. In FY '27, if we consider the numbers of consolidated ICS
                     business, there seems almost no growth in ex-ICS business. So, can
                     you please throw some light on that?

Sneh Shah:           Sure. So specific to ICS, we have clearly stated, growth definitely is
                     there. So, growth here. Focus is more on EBITDA and PAT level.
                     Revenue, definitely, it is not going to be same as India like 40% to
                     50%. So, growth over there would be in double-digits specific to
                     revenue. But here, the main focus is on how do we take it up for
                     double-digit kind of PAT and double-digit kind of an EBITDA.

Moderator:           We'll take the next question from Akash Shrivastava. Akash, you can
                     go ahead please.

Akash Shrivastava:   Congratulations on delivering very strong results. Actually, I have got
                     all my answers and all the questions of my, I have received answer to
                     all my questions. So, I don't have anything further to ask.

Moderator:           Thank you, Akash. We'll take the next question from Pratik Bagadia.
                     Pratik, you can go ahead please.

Pratik Bagadia:      First of all, congratulations for a great set of numbers. I have a few
                     questions. First, can you take me through the revenue split between
                     India versus abroad? And also, if you could split between different
                     sectors like railways, defence and so on?

Sneh Shah:           Sure. Kamlesh, if you can just open up the presentation, I don't have
                     the numbers handy, but if you can just open up the slide. So if you see
                     like probably like this year as well, approximately around 70% kind of
                     an activity was more towards domestic customers with international
                     clientele. And focus was more on a Box Build, we have stated before
                     as well.

                     So if you see like major industrial, telecom and power and
                     IoT/robotics were the top 5 contributing sectors in terms of industry.
                     And if you see geography like India and U.S. were the top 2. And
                     almost split of PCB to Box Build was 70-30 kind of a ratio. And ODM
                     model because it's like design cost is generally less as compared to the

                                      Page 9 of 26
                                                  Aimtron Electronics Limited (AIMT)
                                              H2 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
                                                                        April 29, 2026

                  overall project size. So, ODM model, that is end-to-end solution gets
                  splitted to less than 5%.

Pratik Bagadia:   So the new addition of clients happened basically in which sector in
                  the last six months?

Sneh Shah:        It has been a combination of all. Just an example, new sector, if I say,
                  then aerospace and defence, we added somewhere around 2% overall.
                  Railway, we started entering into that around with oil and gas. So oil
                  and gas, probably now we are looking at something on a higher side
                  because last year, if I see just giving you a number, we did almost 424
                  prototypes.

                  So considering that number, like oil and gas, we are seeing a good
                  traction. And considering to what geopolitical situations are, it seems
                  to be on a better side to be on that spot as well. So overall, if you see
                  like telecom sector, power sector and robotics is something that we
                  added in the second half of the year.

Pratik Bagadia:   So, do we foresee the same tailwinds in the similar sectors in the next
                  one or two years? Or do you see railways or defence coming up as
                  bigger players?

Sneh Shah:        Railways and defence, definitely, we are eyeing on it. But as it is like
                  more, I would say, conversion cycles are too high. So it's not that it is
                  these two sectors are going to dominate it. We are going to be part of
                  the sectors, where again, we would be focusing on more of a niche
                  market segment kind of activity to what typically we do because as we
                  stated like this 26th January parade to what drones were displayed, we
                  supplied the PCBAs.

                  So, we want to like to continue with same kind of a project, same kind
                  of a momentum. But other sectors, apart from these two to what we
                  have stated, probably we'll try to dominate for this year as well, this
                  current financial year as well.

Pratik Bagadia:   Okay. Fair enough. Thank you. And my second question would be,
                  what would be the top 3, 4 risk that you see in the coming two years in
                  terms of execution?

Sneh Shah:        So majorly, as of now, if you see, like inventory levels, if you see, has
                  moderately increased like due to three reasons. One was more of, if
                  you see like what global situations are going around, chips are getting
                  on like shortage and price are getting increased. So, that supply chain
                                  Page 10 of 26
                                                  Aimtron Electronics Limited (AIMT)
                                              H2 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
                                                                        April 29, 2026

                  side is the only factor we see can be a challenge. Rest all, I don't think
                  so apart from that and that is where we started, we already like start
                  taking the annual orders with like monthly and quarterly split
                  deliveries based on customer requirements.

                  So to what all inventory we carry, probably it's more of customer
                  projects oriented only, where we have minimal or we don't have any
                  impacts from our side at least.

Mukesh Vasani:    I think if we have a very niche market, people has to use it or take it,
                  correct? So, even corona time, Aimtron did not have any problem. So,
                  I think if we continue focusing on the niche market, the complex parts
                  build, we will not have that much problem because there is always
                  need and there is always requirement for those kinds of products. And
                  we always ready to go one step beyond, and that's how we prepare for
                  that. Also, very strong infrastructure we have.

                  So something happened, let's say, in a geopolitical situation and all
                  these buildings, all these properties, even U.S. facility, Aimtron
                  International Controls, we have four-acre land and we have about
                  58,000 square foot building also. So, we have land and building every
                  single place. So, we don't have to worry about any kind of a turmoil.
                  So as Sneh said, mainly supply chain, but we are communicating with
                  the customers and make sure, I think that's what the main we see the
                  mitigation for risk.

Pratik Bagadia:   Thank you.

Moderator:        Pratik, Do you have any further question? We'll take the next question
                  from Taher. Taher, you can go ahead please.

Taher:            Congrats on the good set of numbers. First question from my side will
                  be, can you please provide info on the operational SMT lines, we had
                  for the entire FY '26 and the plans which we had to expand our SMT
                  lines greenfield expansion, like where we have planned to add one
                  more line in FY '27. So, what are the updates on that part?

Sneh Shah:        So currently, we have Fuji platform both at Vadodara as well as
                  Bangalore. And the new greenfield project that we are coming up with
                  also will be the same Fuji platform itself that's in Japanese made. And
                  as of now, like collaboration is completed and constructions are
                  ongoing. So, that facility construction is done. Probably it will be Q3
                  and Q4. Probably it will be Q4 this financial year. And post that, at
                  that phase of time, we'll be having that setup up and running. And
                                  Page 11 of 26
                                                 Aimtron Electronics Limited (AIMT)
                                             H2 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
                                                                       April 29, 2026

                 initially, we'll be having mechanical setup up and running. And then
                 as Phase 2, we'll be having this electronics or PCB or SMT lines
                 commissioning done.

Taher:           Okay. So, we are planning to get it operational by Q3 FY '27 for the
                 mechanical part and assembly line will be after that in Phase 2. And
                 what is the time line for that part?

Sneh Shah:       A quarter more or an addition of Q4.

Taher:           Okay. So we are planning to add one SMT line by end of FY '27?

Sneh Shah:       FY '27 or Q1 next financial year, latest by that time.

Taher:           Okay. And second question was on the margins front. Our gross
                 margins has decreased from around 31% in H1 FY '26 to 28% in H2
                 due to the increase in COMC. Was there any raw material price
                 impact during this period?

Sneh Shah:       Probably I would request or suggest that if you can compare year-on-
                 year because if you see always first half to second half, there is always
                 going to be a change because I would prefer to go on the year-to-year
                 basis because if you see year-on-year, probably we are in line. And the
                 first half to second half, we have scaled up.

                 And initially, like there are a couple of orders from ODM models
                 which got from ODM got shifted to manufacturing and a couple of
                 geopolitical reasons where shipment costs were on higher side, supply
                 chain constraints were there. So considering all that aspects, there are
                 going to be minor fluctuations here and there. But if you see the
                 complete year, then probably we are going to be in line with what we
                 have been projecting.

Mukesh Vasani:   Also, if we remember, we discussed also last call also and previous a
                 couple of times that Aimtron's journey is compared to like ₹1,000
                 crores is still ₹300 crores is like sometimes it's going to be, all the
                 ratios will not meet. I hope I'm communicating it. So because
                 sometimes one customer, one sector, one area is going to be up and
                 down a little bit. So hopefully, if you have maybe a year after you can
                 ask that question, we'll have a better answer for you. So, that's where
                 you will see a real result year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter. So
                 once we enter the main board, you will see a better by the time, at
                 least our revenue will be more than ₹500 crores. I think that's what I'm
                 just adding to what Sneh said.
                                 Page 12 of 26
                                                  Aimtron Electronics Limited (AIMT)
                                              H2 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
                                                                        April 29, 2026


Moderator:       We'll take the next participant, Mr. Akshay Kaila. Akshay, you can go
                 ahead please.

Akshay Kaila:    Congratulations on the great set of numbers. My first question is
                 regarding the cash flow. So, we have generated ₹40 crores negative
                 cash flow this financial year. And by when can we expect to generate
                 positive cash flow? And what percentage of EBITDA can we convert
                 over the next two to three years? And also, there is one line item of
                 ₹70 crore loans and advances given to other parties. So, can you
                 please elaborate on that part?

Sneh Shah:       Sure. So, we'll take second question first. Nikita, if you can take that
                 up because that's more of an internal just an example, like acquisition
                 done for AIC and projection for construction of Aimtron
                 Mechatronics. So, we can give more brief on that part. Nikita, if you
                 can just add that?

Nikita Shah:     Yes. Regarding the consolidation figures, I can say that loans and
                 advances that is showing at 58.3, sorry. So, are you referring to the
                 consolidated value or a standalone value?

Akshay Kaila:    Ma'am, I am referring to the consolidated cash flow at one line item is
                 the ₹16.8 crores of the loans and advances. I'm referring to that only.

Nikita Shah:     Just a second.

Sneh Shah:       You are muted, Mukesh.

Moderator:       We can take the other question in the meanwhile, Akshay. Do you
                 have any other questions?

Akshay Kaila:    Sure. Not an issue. We can also connect offline.

Mukesh Vasani:   Yes. Akshay, ₹16.8 crores is given to Aimtron LLC in Texas, Aimtron
                 Electronics LLC in Texas to acquisition. And that is the part of the
                 payment we did from our acquisition from Aimtron International
                 Controls. So, that is the money you see over the cash flow. But yes,
                 take the next question by the time Nikita will come back then.

Akshay Kaila:    Okay, understood. So my second part on that question was to when
                 can we generate the positive cash flow and by what percentage of
                 EBITDA we can generate over the next two to three years?

                                  Page 13 of 26
                                                  Aimtron Electronics Limited (AIMT)
                                              H2 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
                                                                        April 29, 2026

Sneh Shah:       Probably, if you see, we are in an aggressive growth trajectory, and
                 that is where like these impacts have been there. So if we see like once
                 we reach to the stable phase of ₹1,000 crores, so we may continue
                 with this kind of a momentum because of aggressive growth that we
                 are eyeing into 40%, 50% and above. Because even if you see past
                 two years, it has been 60% to 70% and even above when it comes to
                 the growth trajectory.

                 So initially, to accommodate that growth, we may need to
                 accommodate on that part. But once we reach ₹1,000 crores kind of a
                 journey, post that, we'll be able to see the stabilisation on that part.

Moderator:       Thank you. We'll take the next question from Deepak Poddar. Deepak,
                 you can go ahead please.

Deepak Poddar:   Okay. Great. So just a few things from my side now. ICS, what's our
                 current revenue and this ₹280 crores to ₹300 crores target that we have
                 is over the next three years, right? I mean, I believe that ₹1,000 crores,
                 we are targeting, out of the ₹1,000 crores, ₹300 crores we are
                 expecting to come from ICS?

Sneh Shah:       Yes. So on peak, we can take it up to ₹25 million to ₹30 million. That
                 is what we are eyeing on from specific to AIC, Aimtron International
                 Controls. And this year will be somewhere around ₹17 million
                 approximately. That is what we are eyeing in to.

Deepak Poddar:   The ₹17 million, FY '27?

Sneh Shah:       Yes.

Deepak Poddar:   So, ₹17 million effectively means around ₹170 crores, something like
                 that, right?

Sneh Shah:       Approximately.

Deepak Poddar:   Okay. So ideally, when we say 45%, 50% growth, so from ₹300
                 crores, even if I take 50% growth, we are reaching from ₹300 crores to
                 ₹450 crores, right? So, that is an increase of ₹150 crores. But ₹170
                 crores is coming from this new facility only, right, new acquisition?

Sneh Shah:       Definitely, you are good in maths. No doubt with that. But I would say
                 on ₹300 crores, we are still coming up with 40% to 50% because there
                 would be organic growth as well as a part of India. So if you see on

                                  Page 14 of 26
                                                    Aimtron Electronics Limited (AIMT)
                                                H2 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
                                                                          April 29, 2026

                 the consolidation mode, like inorganic as well as organic, probably
                 would be in that range.

Deepak Poddar:   Okay. So this 40%, 50% is conservative, right? Because if you see
                 organic growth as well plus the acquisition, so ideally, your growth
                 profile would be much higher, right? I mean, historically, I found you
                 guys to be very conservative, right? So, would that be the right
                 assumption this 40%, 50% is a conservative number?

Mukesh Vasani:   So, Deepakji, I think we don't know the geopolitical situation. Is that
                 correct? I think we are very conservative and we are very transparent
                 in numbers and commitment. If I say, okay, I'm going to do 70%, 80%
                 compared to last year and I can't do it, then I don't want to make that
                 mistake. So, we would like to go with conservative. That's the growth
                 we are eyeing on, 40% to 50% because we are seeing the open order
                 book.

                 We are seeing the pipeline. And if we can get more, it's good for
                 everybody. Is that correct? No, we are looking for more. We are
                 looking triple, but it may not be possible. Tomorrow, what happens in
                 the White House, tomorrow what happens in the world, we don't
                 know. So at this point, with the current triple order book, we are
                 eyeing on 40% to 50% growth.

Deepak Poddar:   And we do expect organic growth as well, right? That's what you
                 mentioned. Yeah. So, I was asking you do expect the organic growth
                 as well, right?

Mukesh Vasani:   Yes, definitely.

Deepak Poddar:   Okay. So, my second question is on your RFQs. I mean, you
                 mentioned around ₹900 crores to ₹950 crores of RFQs we have, right?
                 So, what sort of conversion we are expecting and by when? And we
                 have around ₹240 crores of inventory of money locked in inventory
                 and receivables. So, how should one look at that? I mean it's a
                 substantial one.

Mukesh Vasani:   Sneh, it's a sales question for you.

Sneh Shah:       So, we'll take second question first. Specific to inventory, as now we
                 are more focused on ODM model. So, one of the prime reason where
                 you see that inventory numbers are increasing. It's not to that spike,
                 but there is a moderate increase. And first is like to see, if you see our
                 ODM business has grown to almost 2x as compared to the last year.
                                    Page 15 of 26
                                                   Aimtron Electronics Limited (AIMT)
                                               H2 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
                                                                         April 29, 2026

                  And ODM business naturally requires higher inventory as we need to
                  manage components of assemblies and product readiness at our end
                  compared to pure EMS players.

                  So if you see secondly, the strong growth visibility and customers'
                  order pipeline for FY '27, that's also one of the important reasons that
                  considering the current geopolitical issues, because we have to stock
                  up certain critical components proactively to get avoid getting stuck in
                  supply chain uncertainties. So, considering that, inventory is
                  moderately high. So that's one part.

                  Receivables, if you see like a couple of payments are, if you see this is
                  more of a 31st March results. So out of which, almost 30%, 40% has
                  already been received because some are 60 days, some are 75 days
                  kind of a story. So, we have started receiving that payments and not
                  worried because that conversion cycle keeps on rotating around.

Moderator:        Thank you. We'll take the next question from Surendra Reddy.
                  Surendra you can go ahead, please.

Surendra Reddy:   Hi, congratulations on a good set of numbers. So, my first question is,
                  like you mentioned in the last call, like we have received like order in
                  the defence from a Miniratna. So, are we expecting more kind of
                  orders for that segment and may I know the margins on that front?

Sneh Shah:        Certainly, yes, because a couple of Navratna PSUs like we already
                  started working with them. Now they are of low or mid-level kind of
                  quantities, where like proto typings and pilot phases are already done.
                  And now we are trying to see on how can we scale that projects. So,
                  we are working with different, different divisions of it and margins
                  probably will be at Aimtron level when it comes to aerospace and
                  defence. Somewhat, I would say, a bit on higher side as well. But
                  when it comes to consolidation, like we generally eye on 15% kind of
                  PAT margins that we typically look into.

Surendra Reddy:   Yeah. Okay. And the second question is like, is there any acquisitions
                  going? Or like is there any under developments like under final stage
                  kind of thing like just like ICS or something?

Mukesh Vasani:    I think it's too early to say. The reason is current geopolitical situation
                  is kind of a vulnerable. So, we look at it a couple more. But right now,
                  we put on a hold right now. But ICS is called AIC now, but AIC is
                  already up and running, and we start making money on that and all
                  start spending. So it's a good thing that, so we are settled down now
                                  Page 16 of 26
                                                 Aimtron Electronics Limited (AIMT)
                                             H2 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
                                                                       April 29, 2026

                 for that one. We put new ERP system. We put new index system. We
                 put all this whatever requirement.

                 But coming back to your questions, yes, we are looking a couple of
                 places. One of the design-led companies we are looking in North
                 America and in European market. So, we are just in a wait and watch
                 kind of situation right now.

Moderator:       Thank you. We'll take the next question from Sumit Chopra. Sumit
                 you can go ahead, please.

Sumit Chopra:    Yeah, hi. I just need one clarification to the question of previous
                 participant. So, any specific percentage you would like to guide or
                 comment upon from the organic growth point of view because those
                 numbers are not reconciling because like he was also quoting 40%,
                 50% growth with the current order [Voice Inaudible] [0:43:06] and
                 second there would be any organic growth from Aimtron Electronics.
                 So, I got you that you are guiding this percentage number from a
                 conservative point of view. But any colour you would like to throw
                 from Aimtron without AIC, if you want to comment upon?

Mukesh Vasani:   This is an EMS business. You look at it every single company. There's
                 a tons of orders and tons of materials that works in the pipeline for
                 everybody. So considering that, we are seeing organically also 40% to
                 50% growth plus additional AIC. So, we gave you a range for ₹450
                 crores to ₹550 crores at the end of the year. So, you never know what's
                 going to happen in this geopolitical situation.

                 So again, you could have a ₹550 crores, then your math will be right,
                 is it correct? If you go, let's see, if I say our next year will be around
                 ₹550 crores to ₹600 crores, then everybody will be happy. But let's see
                 tomorrow happens, something happened in Iran or Iraq or somewhere,
                 then we're going to be screwed up again. So however, you do
                 mathematics, our end goal is to get ₹1,000 crores journey. If you're
                 going to do either with 40% to 50% growth or inorganic, that's our
                 goal and that's we are prepared for that.

                 We cannot give you exact numbers or a very close number because we
                 do not know the situation. So that is the reason. Yes, mathematic
                 doesn't fit in my mind also. But right now, my goal is, let's see, if I
                 give you ₹550 crores to ₹600 crores for end of next year, I think you'll
                 be happy and your math will fit in that. But something happens, then
                 you will be unhappy and I'll be unhappy. So that is the reason. Thank
                 you.
                                 Page 17 of 26
                                                  Aimtron Electronics Limited (AIMT)
                                              H2 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
                                                                        April 29, 2026


Vinay Pandit:    Also, I think we need to clarify, in the presentation what we've given
                 is CAGR, which is a three to five year trend that we are talking about
                 and not just a one year growth numbers.

Mukesh Vasani:   Thank you, Vinayji for correcting.

Moderator:       Sumit, do you have any further question?

Sumit Chopra:    Yeah. My second question is regarding the mix of Box Build and
                 PCBA. So as we can see in H2, this mix has improved from the H1,
                 but the same is not visible in our EBITDA margin. So any specific
                 reason for that?

Sneh Shah:       It's more of a combination of that mode itself because that is getting
                 more of a value addition chain. So, for instance, initially, with our
                 existing customers, we were just doing PCB, just an example I'm
                 giving, where from there, we shifted back to complete Box Build or
                 complete system integration. So for instance, initially, the PCBA
                 value would be ₹1,000, which has now increased that turnaround to
                 ₹2,000 or ₹1,500. So, bottom line still remains the same to what we
                 stood before or it has rather like been on the positive side, where even
                 it has helped us for top line as well. So it is a combination of top line
                 as well as bottom line.

Moderator:       Sure. We'll take the next question from Anuj Hariya. Anuj, you can go
                 ahead, please.

Anuj Hariya:     Yeah. Hi, congratulations on a great set of numbers. Just following up
                 on the previous participant's question, right? I mean, ideally, we've
                 spoken that Box Build has a higher set of margins compared to PCBA.
                 So Sneh, what you just said doesn't make sense, right? I mean, if
                 you're earning the same percentage of margins by expanding the order
                 value, that just doesn't fit in the logical framework from what was
                 commented earlier.

Sneh Shah:       So if you see like along with that, there has been a change in order
                 trajectory as well. So initially, if you see, it used to be like ₹5 crores,
                 ₹10 crores kind of an activity for a single order, which trajectory has
                 now changed to ₹25 crores to ₹40 crores to ₹50 crores kind of a single
                 order. So, that is also a part of it, where it's a combination of all
                 factors, not only just for PCBA to Box Build. Because if you see
                 ODM model, then ODM model probably would have a higher margin
                 as compared to Box Build as well. But if you see what we try to do is
                                 Page 18 of 26
                                                 Aimtron Electronics Limited (AIMT)
                                             H2 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
                                                                       April 29, 2026

                 we try to combine all the factors and try to see on how do we maintain
                 the PAT at Aimtron level and EBITDA around 20% and above.

Anuj Hariya:     Understood. So for the coming year that's FY '27, we expect the same
                 split, that is 70% of Box Build and approximately 30% of PCBA? Or
                 do you expect the percentage of Box Build and ODM to rise up to
                 nearly 80%?

Sneh Shah:       It is going to be more or less the same activity where Box Build is
                 going to be around 65% to 70%, and PCBA is going to be in that 30%
                 kind of a range itself.

Mukesh Vasani:   I think I will add a little bit to Sneh here. Every company has to start
                 with the PCBA, is it correct? You cannot have 100% Box Build
                 directly. But what Aimtron is looking for, where is the complex PC
                 board, where is a very high mix, high dollar. Those we forecast and
                 those we target. So in our dictionary, we don't separate too much as a
                 Box Build versus PCBA versus design. We look at first, and our team
                 is prepared, hey, if it fit in our range 13% to 15% or 20% to 24%
                 EBITDA range. If not fit, then it doesn't matter for us is a Box Build
                 or as a PCBA only, or it's a defence or it's an IoT or the telecom. So,
                 we are a little different in EMS trend right now.

                 We would like to be a role model to set up a new trend versus
                 separating everything. Find a medical customer, they are doing X-ray
                 imaging, find a medical customer, they are doing defibrillator, find a
                 drone who is working as a surveillance. So, find those kind of
                 customers or a Mercedes car or somebody Tesla or somebody find
                 those customers, they have either a PC board or Caterpillar. They don't
                 care if it's a PC board or it is just the metal part, still is the same
                 margin. So that is something we are eyeing on, and that is something
                 our DNA.

                 I think, again, I'm not just discouraging you. But those are the
                 thoughts we had. A lot of question we had in three years, your
                 machine per hour how many we can place, how many parts they
                 place? It doesn't matter now. What is our EBITDA and bottom line? I
                 think that's what we focus, and that is our DNA and that's our goal
                 also. Thank you.

Moderator:       Thank you. We'll take the next question from Sachin Gulati. Sachin,
                 you can go ahead, please.


                                 Page 19 of 26
                                                 Aimtron Electronics Limited (AIMT)
                                             H2 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
                                                                       April 29, 2026

Sachin Gulati:   Hi, thank you for the opportunity. And congratulations for a good set
                 of numbers. So before asking question, I have one or two suggestions.
                 One is if we can share this PPT a little bit in advance just share so that
                 we can come prepared and go through in advance. Second, till we
                 migrate to main board, can we consider some quarterly business
                 update?

Mukesh Vasani:   Very good question. And first question will be me and Vinayji will
                 work together and see next time. Our goal was to set a trend to give
                 early results. So, my goal is to give every last Monday of every year
                 or every quarter, I would like to give the results. So, that is the reason
                 we have to rush a little bit here and there. But we are setting the trend,
                 and we will go from there. And then next time, we'll make sure we'll
                 give you that in advance. So that is our goal, and we'll do it for sure.

                 Next question your is, so quarterly, we are ready for the quarterly. I
                 think this new auditor system, we will try to do a quarterly. But at
                 least we would like to give you a quarterly update for sure. And we
                 have only three quarters left. And then we have to go quarterly
                 anyway. So, we are preparing our team to start quarterly. Let's see
                 how it goes. Our goal is to give you quarterly, but maybe anyway, we
                 have to learn that anyway. So, I think we are ready for that. We'll let
                 you know and we'll announce accordingly when the time comes.

Sachin Gulati:   Yes. And second is, our PCB was used in drone showcased in
                 Republic Day parade. So, what is further progress update as far as this
                 drone segment is concerned?

Mukesh Vasani:   Sales question for Sneh?

Sneh Shah:       So basically, we are regularly doing monthly shipments for specific to
                 drone for domestic as well as international market. And down the line,
                 we are even eyeing on how do we enter to Box Build space like, just
                 an example, camera Box Build assembly and somewhat of that kind of
                 payload and all that.

                 So, that exploration is already going on. But as of now, PCBA, we are
                 already supplying them on a regular basis. Wire harness, we have
                 recently started encountering on that part too. And down the line, we
                 are exploring on how can we do like payload systems, camera module
                 assemblies and all. And apart from that, we are also exploring if we
                 can do a complete Box Build system integration as well.


                                 Page 20 of 26
                                                      Aimtron Electronics Limited (AIMT)
                                                  H2 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
                                                                            April 29, 2026

Moderator:       Thank you. We'll take the next question from Rushin Shah. Rushin,
                 you can go ahead.

Rushin Shah:     Can you please explain the difficulty level of designing a PC board?
                 Like how difficult it is to design a PCB board? The difficulty level is
                 very easy that everyone can do or there are any levels to difficulties
                 that we do some very high difficult task, which is reflected in our
                 margins compared to other peers?

Mukesh Vasani:   You want to take, Sneh, or I take?

Sneh Shah:       Certainly, like it can be defined to different levels of difficulties,
                 different stage of it. Just an example like video game, every layer or
                 every stage you clear that comes, the criticality increases. So, we are
                 into that niche market kind of an activity where just an example where
                 someone is making just to say a PCB of fan or tube light, that's too
                 easy to do get things done. But to make this 1 kV, 2 kV, 3 kV UPS,
                 you need an expertise for specific to power electronics, high-voltage
                 kind of an activity where instrument cost itself is around ₹30 lakhs,
                 ₹35 lakhs to test that equipment.

                 And for battery load testing and all specific to UPS, I'm saying as of
                 now, just on power electronics subject. If you see like it took us four
                 to six months just to develop one category of product. So that, too,
                 because we have an expertise or else it takes years and years of time
                 and still people are not able to get the products ready.

Mukesh Vasani:   So Vinayji, in the interest of time, can you take a shorter question and
                 shorter answer. Maybe one question from everybody. Only one
                 question.

Vinay Pandit:    Yeah. Let's finish this first.

Rushin Shah:     Can I ask one last question?

Mukesh Vasani:   We have covered. Last time also Rushin already asked two questions
                 before also, Rushin, if you don't mind. Let have other people, please
                 take and take it.

Moderator:       Sure. We'll take the next question from Darshil Shah. We will just
                 request all participants to restrict to one question.

Mukesh Vasani:   Only one question from participant, please.

                                  Page 21 of 26
                                                 Aimtron Electronics Limited (AIMT)
                                             H2 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
                                                                       April 29, 2026

Moderator:      Yeah, Darshit, you can go ahead.

Darshit Shah:   Sorry, I couldn't go to the presentation properly. So, can you let me
                know how much was the consolidation that happened from the
                acquisition in the current financials?

Sneh Shah:      $1.6 million, and it was specific for two months. Specific to AIC, I'm
                talking about.

Moderator:      We'll take the next question from Soumil Jain. Saumil, you can go
                ahead please.

Soumil Jain:    Hi, Mukeshji, hi Sneh. Congrats on strong FY '26. One question on
                the order book and revenues. Telecom as a segment, which is, if I
                remember correctly, not a large contributor to revenues last year. By
                last year, I mean, FY '25. But in FY '26, it has been a significant
                contributor. And also as a part of the order book, it's a significant part
                of that. And similarly, power and data centre segment is again, a
                significant part of the order book. Can you talk about products here
                that ramp-up within these products? Are these led by single order,
                single customer, single products and with the potential scale that we
                can get with these products?

Sneh Shah:      Sure. So if you see specific to like power segment and data centres, so
                power electronics, like there are a couple of customers in there, but of
                which one of the biggest contributor is S&P 500 company, Fortune
                500 company, Ohio-based company, which are a leading player in
                data centres. So as of now, we are working with them on 1 kV, 2 kV,
                3 kV kind of six variants of it, where we do have a visibility of going
                up to 20 kV kind of an opportunity just from that one customer,
                Fortune 500 customer I'm talking about, which can be like kind of this
                year revenue size as well. So it can be that big opportunity.

                Again, not immediately, but down the line once we are going ahead in
                this journey. And specific to telecom, we are doing Wi-Fi 6, Wi-Fi 7
                kind of an equipment. And apart from that, SFP and all that, fibre
                optics or optical trans receivers and all that are also going to be part of
                it down the line. So it is going to be a combination of all factors and
                multiple orders. It's not only one customer contributing to all the
                complete sector.

Moderator:      Thank you. We'll take the next question from Rohan. Rohan, you can
                unmute and ask your question. Rohan, go ahead please.

                                Page 22 of 26
                                                  Aimtron Electronics Limited (AIMT)
                                              H2 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
                                                                        April 29, 2026

Rohan:           My question was with respect to Sneh just mentioned. On the data
                 centre, I think we received some ₹100 crores order. And just wanted
                 to have some more light on that. What is the sort of product and what
                 is the opportunity? What is the revenue that we foresee in the coming
                 future?

Sneh Shah:       So as I stated, we are making UPS for that. There are six variants,
                 three subcategories, 1 kV, 2 kV, 3 kV with battery, without battery
                 that are going to be used in data centres, EPC and commissioning as a
                 backup. And as of now, it's a Fortune 500 company. And certainly, if
                 you see can be as big as like last year's revenue as well. But again, it is
                 not going to be immediate and one shot. It is going to be a long-term
                 association.

Moderator:       Thank you. We will first give a chance to participant who have had
                 not a chance to ask any question. We'll take the next question from
                 Aryan Bhatia. Aryan, you can go ahead please. Aryan, you are
                 unmute, please go ahead. I think there's a problem in his line. We'll
                 take the next question from Jigar Jani. Jigar, you can go ahead please.

Jigar Jani:      Yeah, first of all, congratulation on a great set of numbers once again.
                 I hope it continues for a long time. Just one question, which is related
                 to the acquisition. So if I heard it correctly, the ICS or AIC is doing
                 11% margins as of now on EBITDA level. And large part of your
                 growth, say, next year will come from this business and the full
                 consolidation of this business, and it will take some time for this to
                 ramp up to stand-alone margins, which are about 20% odd. So, do you
                 foresee some margin pressure on a near-term basis till this gets kind of
                 coming down to our levels of 20% on a stand-alone basis?

                 And just on a data keeping one, what is the execution time line for the
                 order book that we have of about ₹570 crores? By when, can we see
                 the execution of this?

Mukesh Vasani:   Let me just give you a little heads up on this or an answer on this. So
                 if you see, Jigar, after we acquired, we almost slashed a lot of
                 expenses. We're using a lot of our Indian talents over there in the back
                 end. Let's say, they have four people in purchasing. Now we have only
                 1% in purchasing and three people over here. So from 11% to jump to
                 already 15% right there. I should give a range, but just give you 11%
                 to let's say, 11% to 12% double-digit, we had some low double-digit.
                 So, now we are in mid-double-digit now.


                                 Page 23 of 26
                                                    Aimtron Electronics Limited (AIMT)
                                                H2 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
                                                                          April 29, 2026

                   Also, all the machines, all these efficiencies, they didn't have that
                   much. Capacity-wise, they have only 55%. So, we are adding more
                   that way, saving some overhead. So it's easy to get from lower double-
                   digit to higher double-digit by mid this year. And even the later this
                   year, it will be very close to a lower double-digit to higher double-
                   digits, let's say, 18% to 20%. So, that's our accomplishment will be.

                   Even though, let's say, our purchasing power is going to be increased.
                   Let's say, we used to buy only ₹200 crores worth of material purchase.
                   Now, we are buying ₹300 crores now. So, that way is going to be also
                   2% to 3% saving right there. So, those are the things in acquisition.
                   We are getting talent. We are getting a lot of other stuff. So, that is the
                   reason from low double-digit to higher double-digit will be very easy
                   to go. And it will be within a year or two as we promise it will be an
                   Aimtron level margin.

Moderator:         His other question was on the execution time line of the current order
                   book.

Mukesh Vasani:     So, execution is always 12 to 18 months. Normally, we take order
                   only 12 months. But some customers, let's say, well set of customer
                   like ABB, Schneider, over there is Caterpillar. So, those customers,
                   they are very stable and they want to buy some of the parts for longer.
                   So, we give them six months extra. But otherwise, normally in the
                   EMS industry, 12 months is the blanket order. So, current open order
                   book is 12 to 16 months.

Moderator:         Sure. We'll take the next question from Shaurya Sajwani. Shaurya,
                   you can go ahead please.

Shaurya Sajwani:   Hello. Hi, Mukeshji, hi Sneh. Just first of all, congratulations on a
                   fantastic set of numbers. I honestly just wanted to fundamentally
                   understand the rationale behind the ICS acquisition, more on the
                   product, the market size, the competitive positioning, what synergy it
                   has with our Indian Aimtron? Is it different? Just fundamentally
                   understand what value add is it providing to the company other than
                   the top line and bottom line addition? Like what efficiencies we can
                   achieve, etc?

Mukesh Vasani:     So if you find some time, go to Aimtron Media page. Nirmal gave us
                   about 15 minutes just for this. What we are getting out of this
                   acquisition? He gave also 10 other comparison and why we selected
                   ICS, we call AIC now. In the essence of time, I'm not going to go too
                   much in depth, but you need to really need to see the video. And that
                                   Page 24 of 26
                                                  Aimtron Electronics Limited (AIMT)
                                              H2 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
                                                                        April 29, 2026

                  video has every single answer of your questions about what kind of
                  mindset, of the ownership, what kind of system they have, why we
                  select ICS and whole 9 yards we call in technical American language.

                  So coming back to, main is rugged electronics. Rugged electronics
                  means a lot of is indoor work? Is it correct? We are doing indoor. Let's
                  say, a home automation is an indoor, but we are doing outdoor, out to
                  the sun over there. Let's say farming equipment. The equipment is
                  kind of more moisture or rugged or cooling or powering. So, those are
                  the expertise they have, plus they have some agritech IP.

                  Also, that means we have now agritech IP. We have also, agritech
                  means agriculture technology. It's another subject. We don't have that
                  much over here because we are doing a simple farming with tractor
                  only. But if you look at that, all these tools over there is very, very
                  advanced in agriculture also. So, those are the scenarios we had, and
                  that's why we selected.

                  But if you have sometimes, please visit Aimtron and we can give you
                  more in-person demo what is beneficiary. And you are most welcome
                  to visit our ICS or AIC facility over there when you are in state. So,
                  most welcome to see that also. And next call, I will bring some videos
                  also, so you can see that differentiation.

Moderator:        And due to shortage of time, we'll take the last question from Surender
                  Reddy. Surendra, you can go ahead and ask your question please.

Surendra Reddy:   Thank you for the opportunity. Like all come together, like
                  organically, inorganically and SMT, like defence, everything, like
                  what is the top line and bottom line we can expect for FY '27, please?

Mukesh Vasani:    Sneh, sales question?

Sneh Shah:        We already gave that update. Probably, we are eyeing on 40% to 50%
                  CAGR kind of a rollover year-on-year. So, that's the strategy we are
                  building, and that's the platform we are trying to build for both top
                  line. And specific to bottom line, if you see that it is more of a 15%
                  kind of a margin with a few percentage or a few basis points here and
                  there, that is what we are eyeing on.

Vinay Pandit:     Sure. Since that was the last question for the day, would you like to
                  give any closing comments before we end this call?


                                  Page 25 of 26
                                                 Aimtron Electronics Limited (AIMT)
                                             H2 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call
                                                                       April 29, 2026

Mukesh Vasani:   I really appreciate this investors community. And sometimes we have
                 to say a little different. So sorry, Shaurya or somebody I said no
                 second question in the essence of time. But our goal is to be
                 transparent. Our goal is to bring American quality with Indian talent,
                 and that is scalability we have. We do have a differentiator is we are
                 American company, means American mindset company. And if you
                 look at our building, if you look at here or floor over there, you will
                 see the differentiator.

                 So, let's hope to get ₹1,000 crores journey as soon as possible, and
                 that's our goal. With that, I really appreciate everybody's time, and
                 thank you so much.

Vinay Pandit:    Thank you. Thank you for joining on the call, and thank you to all the
                 participants for joining on the call. This brings us to the end of today's
                 conference call. Thank you.




                                 Page 26 of 26
