                               Frontier Springs Ltd.
                REGD. OFFICE & FACTORY : KM 25/4, KALPI ROAD, RANIA, KANPUR DEHAT- 209 304 U.P. (INDIA)
                                Tele Office : +91-5111-240212, 240213 C Fax : +91-5111-240214
                          e-mail : info@frontiersprings.co.in C Website : http://www.frontiersprings.co.in
                                               CIN No. : L17119UP1981PLC005212




      June 5, 2026



       To
       The BSE Limited
       Corporate Relationship Department
       1t Floor, New Trading Wing
       Rotunda Building, P] Towers
       Dalal Street Fort, Mumbai-400001
       Phone: - 022-22723121, 22722037
       (Script Code: - 522195)


                                                                                                     Results for the
       Subject: Transcript of Conference Call with reference to the Audited Financial
       quarter and year ended March 31, 2026.

       Dear Sir/Madam

                                                                                                   ments)
       Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Require
                                                                                   pt of  conferen  ce call
       Regulations, 2015 please find enclosed herewith a copy of the transcri
                                                                                         y for the quarter
       conducted on June 3, 2026 to discuss the Audited Financial Results of the Compan
       and year ended March 31, 2026.

                                        is   also   available    on    the    website     of   the    company      at
       The above information
       www.frontiersprings.co.in

       Kindly take the above on record and oblige.

       Thanking You
       Yours Faithfully,
        For Frontier Springs Limited
         DHRUV
         BHASIN
        Dhruv Bhasin
        (Company Secretary & Compliance Officer)
        Encl’s: As above
                                                       (((W




IRISD                                                                                                           150 %001 REGISTERED
Certification                                 SERVING THE NATION SINCE 1980
             (? Frontier Springs Ltd.
                An ISO 14001:2015       Certified   Company




          “Frontier Springs Limited
     Q4 & FY’26 Earnings Conference Call”
                 June 03, 2026




                         til
                             ADVISORS




MANAGEMENT:
           MR. KAPIL BHATIA
           MANAGING DIRECTOR
           FRONTIER SPRINGS LIMITED

           MR. NEERAJ BHATIA
           CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
           FRONTIER SPRINGS LIMITED

           MR. DHRUV BHASIN
           COMPANY SECRETARY
           FRONTIER SPRINGS LIMITED




                      Page 1 of 18
                                  Frontier Springs Limited
                     Quarter4 & FY26 Earnings Conference Call
                                  June 03, 2026




Moderator:        Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Frontier Springs Limited Quarter 4 and
                  FY26 Earnings Conference Call hosted by TIL Advisors.

                  As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an
                   opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need
                   assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*”, then “0” on
                  Your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.

                  I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhishek Mehra from TIL Advisors. Thank youand over
                  to you.

Abhishek Mehra:   Good afternoon and welcome everyone. Thanks for joining this Quarter 4 and FY26 Earnings
                  Conference Call of Frontier Springs Limited. The investor updates have already been uploaded
                  on the Stock Exchanges and on the Company Website.

                  In case you do not have a copy of the same, please feel free to reach out to us. To take us
                  through the discussion we have with us today, Mr. Kapil Bhatia — Managing Director, Mr. Neeraj
                  Bhatia — Full-time Director and Chief Financial Officer, and Mr. Dhruv Bhasin — Company
                  Secretary and Compliance Officer.

                  We will be starting the call with a brief overview of the “Business and the Financial
                  Performance”, which will be followed by the Q&A session.


                  1 would like to remind you all that everything said in this call reflecting any outlook for the
                  future, which can be construed as a forward-looking statement, must be viewed in conjunction
                  with the risks and uncertainties that the company faces. These risks and uncertainties have
                  been mentioned in our Annual Report.

                  With that said, | would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Bhatia. Over to you, sir.

Kapil Bhatia:     Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for Frontier Springs Limited
                  Earnings Call for the 4™ Quarter and full year ended 315t March 2026. | am Kapil Bhatia — MD,
                  and | would like to extend a warm welcome to each of you.


                  Before | begin, | do appreciate the interest and the time you have set aside this morning. These
                  calls matter to us and we look forward to this conversation.




                                          Page 2 of 18
Let me start with a few thoughts on the broader environment in which we operate:

Indian Railways remains our primary customer and if there is one thing that defines the
operating landscape this year, it is the sheer momentum behind Railways investment in this
country.

The union budget for 2026 allocated %2.65 lakh crore as a capital outlay to Indian Railways.
What this means to us is straightforward. We are a direct beneficiary of these Railways
expansions, springs, coil springs, air springs, forging components, etc. at the heart of every
coach, wagon, and locomotive. As Indian Railways scales, so does the addressable opportunity
for Frontier Springs.

On the raw material side:


I must be candid, steel prices remained elevated through the second part ofthe year and that
did create cost pressure. We responded by negotiating more favorable terms with our vendors
and by focusing our execution on high value tenders, we were able to largely offset the margin
headwind this way. Though if steel prices remain firm in FY27, there may be some moderation
in margins in the near term. We are watching this closely and we will manage it actively.

Turning to what we achieved:

Operationally FY26 was genuinely a milestone year for Frontier Springs.

On our springs business, which has been our main stay for over three decades, we saw steady
demand across freight stock, coaching stock, and locomotive applications. Our springs continue
to be fitted on the Vande Bharat Express, the fastest train in India, and that is distinct we are
proud of. The forging division which we built from the ground up starting in 2011 made
meaningful progress this year. We installed another state-of-the-art 6-ton hammer to
significantly enhance our forging capabilities. This opens up a broader range of components
and heavier forgings that we were previously not positioned to address importantly.

We have begun receiving orders for the components to be manufactured on this new hammer
and a few forging components have been approved for Vande Bharat trains also. Scaling the
forging vertical is one of our clear priorities in FY27. On the air spring segment, this has been a
business we have been patiently building since 2022. Through our memorandum of
understanding with Quant-Technik GmbH for LHB coaches, we successfully ramped up
production in FY25 and FY26, saw this business contributing more meaningfully       to our revenue.

The failure indication and brake application system, properly known as FIBA, remains on track
and this capability that we believe will strengthen our positioning in this segment further. We
also extend our capacities in both the coil springs and air spring segment during the year to
meet rising demand, and these investments are beginning to show in our numbers.


                         Page 3 of 18
             We enter FY26 with an order book of X300 crores which gives us good revenue visibility over
             guidance for FY26 as it crosses X500 crores in gross revenues to step up over 30% from what
             we delivered in FY26.


             Let me now turn to financial performance:

             1am pleased to say that Financial Year ‘26 was ayear
                                                                of strong delivery across every key metric.

             Revenue from operations for the full year came in at 322.06 crore up by 39.22% from %231.34
             crore in Financial Year 25. We had set ourselves a gross sales target of approximately X375
             crore for Financial Year 26 and | am glad to report that we have surpassed that. This growth
             was broad based across our business verticals.

             On profitability:

             EBITDA for the full year stood at X86.31 crore a growth of 73.80% over Financial Year ‘25. What

             is particularly gratifying is the margin expansion. Our EBITDA margin improved to 26.80% in
             Financial Year 26 from 21.47% in Financial Year ‘25. A significant improvement of 533 basis
             points.

             Profit after tax for the full year came in at X61.31 crore, up by 76.88% from X34.66 crore in
             Financial Year ‘25. Earning per share for the year stood at 51.07 compared to %29.93 in the
             prior year.

             On quarterly performance:

             Quarter 4 Financial Year ‘26 was our strongest quarter this year. Revenue from operations
             stood at X82.54 crore a growth of 17.7% over Financial Year ‘25. And marginally ahead of
             Quarter 3 Financial Year ‘26. EBITDA for the quarter was X23.54 crore at a margin of 28.51%

             improving 362 basis point and 462 basis point year-on-year. Profit after tax for Quarter4 came
             in at X16.59 crore up by 42.22% year-on-year.

             In closing:

             Financial Year 26 was a year where frontier Spring demonstrated that it can grow revenues at
             ascale, expand margins and simultaneously invest in future capacity all at the same time. The
             Indian Railways growth story is real. It is well funded and it is multi-year in nature. We are
             positioned to write this tailwind as a trusted, certified manufacturer with 40 plus years of
             expertise, a diversified product portfolio and a balance sheet that gives us flexibility to invest.
             ook forward to your questions. With that, I will hand back to the moderator    to open the floor.
             Thank you so much.

Moderator:   Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. We will take our
             first question from the line of Sucrit D. Patil from Eyesight Fintrade. Please go ahead.
                                      Page 4 of 18
Sucrit D. Patil:   Good afternoon to the team. | have two questions. My first question to Mr. Kapil Bhatia to be
                   specific, looking ahead to 2026-27, | just want to understand the forward-looking guidance on
                   what type of strategic pathways are you planning     to position the company as a global leader in
                   Railways springs and suspension systems, accelerate diversification into defense and heavy
                   industry engineering components, and future proof against demand cycles and regulatory
                   transactions. That is my first question. | will ask my second question after this.

Kapil Bhatia:       As! have already mentioned, we are a good order book. What we are promising s that we will
                   try to achieve 30% growth this year. As far as product-wise is concerned, we are having orders
                    for forging as well as for air spring and coil spring. There are a lot of other tenders going on
                    where we are goingto get good orders in wagon manufacturing. They have also promised a big
                    tender for the wagon industry, where we have to supply forging as well as springs. We are in a
                    really comfortable position to achieve what we are promising you, that around 30% growth
                   this year also, and with a reasonable profit margin, what    we have achieved last year. So, that's
                   it.


Sucrit D. Patil:   My second question to Mr. Neeraj is, over the next one year, what type of forward-looking
                   capital frameworks are you designing to ensure the company can simultaneously fund R&D in
                   advanced spring technologies, maintain dividend discipline, and build buffers against forex
                   swings and raw material volatility in the long-term Railways contracts?

Kapil Bhatia:      Iam answering as an MD. We are working hard to get things in our favor, as far as where the
                   raw material prices are increased at the moment, around the world and LPG and CNG prices
                   are increased, but we are able to negotiate well with the steel supplier as well as with the LPG
                   supplier. We have energy, this thing, using furnace oil as well as LPG as well as PNG. So,
                   whatever is cheaper available, we are negotiating them, and we are using    that to get the proper
                   margin. As far as R&D technology is concerned, we keep on expanding our capacities with the
                   latest technology around the world and trying to get more automated things where manpower
                   is less required and buying machines from all over the world also and from domestic
                   manufacturers also. So, at the moment, we are also negotiating about another line of coil
                   springs and more automated line of manufacturers    from China. So, we are comfortable and we
                   have not taken any term loans since last so many years, and we are able to claw back money
                   from the profit. And last year, we have done around %20 crore CAPEX, and this year again, we
                   are planning to have around 20-25 crore CAPEX     for all the three divisions to increase capacity
                   and modernizing   the things where the less manpower is required and technology is better.

Sucrit D. Patil:   Thank you and best wishes.

Kapil Bhatia:      Thank you.

Moderator:         Thank you. Next question is from the line of Priyanshu Jain from GrowthX Infinity. Please go
                   ahead.



                                            Page 5 of 18
Priyanshu Jain:   Congratulations on good set of results. Last two to three years have been really phenomenal
                  for us. | have a few questions. One will be on the margin side, sir, as commodity prices are
                  fising. In this time, we are able to negotiate with our vendors very well. But going forward, if
                  the steel prices remain at this point of time, what kind of a margin, like around 22%-23% we
                  should expect, or 26%-27% we are still able to maintain? If you can comment on that part first.

Kapil Bhatia:     As | have already told that we are always negotiating with the steel supplier, and
                  simultaneously, because we are into tender business, so for future tenders, we are also
                  increasing the prices for our supplies to the Railways to adhere the difference between the
                  prices of steel and energy and also negotiating with the energy supplier, as | already told you,
                  CNG, PNG, furnace oil, whatever is cheaper available, every month there are prices coming i,
                  and we are negotiating with them and simultaneously, we are also increasing the prices of our
                  product to the Railways to get better prices from the Railways also in future tenders. So, that
                  we are able to nullify the effect of increasing steel and energy cost. As far as the margin is
                  concerned, the margin we are trying   to maintain between 23%-24% definitely this year also, if
                  not 26%-28%.



Priyanshu Jain:   Great sir. So, second question will be on the order book side. For this year, we are very well
                  positioned to achieve X500 crores revenue. But for the next2 years, if we talk about FY28 and
                  FY29, can you comment right now anything on that part?

Kapil Bhatia:     At the moment, no, but definitely there will be increase, because as far as Indian Railways are
                  concerned and their demand is concerned, and the population in the country, whichis the most
                  suitable mode of transportation to maximum number of people in the country, and still there
                  is a shortage of coaches and train as everybody sees during the festival, or maybe anything, or
                  summer vacation, you don't get reservations, so there is always a shortage. So, | don't see
                  another 5-10 years that there will be any scarcity of orders as far as passenger coaches are
                  concerned, locomotives are concerned. Freight       is the cheapest mode of transportation in India
                  for iron and steel fertilizer, food grains, iron ore, coal, which is the major thing which Railways
                  transport from the wagon, and the dedicated freight corridors are coming up very fast all over
                  the country, so getting more trains, tracks available for passenger coaches, this is the tight
                  position. As soon as the more dedicated freight corridors will be operational, we will get more
                  tracks for the passenger coaches and the passenger trains. So, | don't see any order problem
                  for next not 2 years, another 5-10 years minimum, and maybe continue like that. So, there is
                  always good orders from the Railways, because we are in a very high population country.

Priyanshu Jain:   Okay sir, so just last question on the new product side, we are some of the trials, so can you
                  share a bit on the new product which we are planning?

Kapil Bhatia:     Yes, the new product which we have already got the basic approval from RDSO, that is FIBA,
                  which s failure analysis of brake system in the air spring, which we have already got the
                  patented of our design done, and the basic approval is done, and now the trial will start in the
                  trains, and after 6 months we will be a regular source, and we will get a good order for the
                                           Page 6 of 18
                  FIBA, because every coach has 2 FIBA equipment put into the coaches, passenger coaches, and
                  all 6,000 coaches are under manufacturing every year, so we will geta good share of business.
                  There are 2-3 approved sources at the moment and will be approved in another 6 months of
                  time. The basic approval of RDSO s already done.

Priyanshu Jain:   Sir, so the FIBA which we are going to get the approval in the next 6-8 months, we can assume
                  the time span, like the existing one, do we have any differentiator, or like we are one of the
                  providers of FIBA, from the last 3-4 years, and we will be included as well?

                  No, there are manufacturers which Indian Railways importing the system. Now will be the
                  second one in India to get indigenous system made, and will get priority over the imported
                  one, and will be competitive also, so we wil get good share of business of FIBA.

Priyanshu Jain:   Are there any other places apart from us, or like we are the only one right now?

Kapil Bhatia:     There are 1 or 2 already, | am telling you that the coaches are already running, so Indian
                  Railways at the moment is importing from the Knorr-Bremse, or one of the other companies, |
                  don't remember the name, so as indigenous, we will be the second one in India, so there are
                  2-3 manufacturers.


Priyanshu Jain:   Okssir, that's all from my side, | have few questions more, but | will join back, thank you, allthe
                  best for the future.


Moderator:        Thank you. Next question is from the line of CA Garvit Goel from Serene Alpha. Please go ahead.

Garvit Goel:      Good afternoon, sir and congratulations for the visit. Sir, you mentioned we are able to pass
                  on the commodity hikes, but at the same time we are thinking about increasing the margin, so
                  firstly| did not understand why there is a gap, even if we are able to pass on the prices, then
                  why we should look for a drop in the margin?

Kapil Bhatia:     Sir, we already have orders from the Railways, which is around X300 plus crores, because the
                  Railways has a fixed price policy, they don't increase the rate in between the contract, and we
                  keep on quoting tenders for the next 6-8 months, up to X300 crores, we are quoting tenders
                  daily, so from there we are able to get our rates improved in the future tenders, but the existing
                  tenders, there might be a little low, although we are negotiating well with the steel supplier
                  and other things, so overall if we are able to complete the year, there might be 1% or 2% of
                  margin, it might go down, but we will try to maintain what we are achieving at the moment.

Garvit Goel:      No, if you are saying about 1 or 2%, then it must be somewhere around 25%-26%, but we have
                  guided for 23%-24%, there s a gap there.

Kapil Bhatia:     sir, 1 am a little conservative, we wil try to maintain that, because | don't want to comment on
                  the higher side things, but we will try to maintain the best possible things, what we get.


                                           Page 7 of 18
Garvit Goel:    Secondly, from this thing only, when you say we will be able to, like we all know it is a tender
                business, and we know how it works, so we will be able to pass on the commodity price, so
                what is the current competitive landscape? Have you seen any increased number of players,
                or the new players who got approval for this category, and hence increased competition in the
                tender process?

Kapil Bhati     In our product or for the steel supplier, what you are asking?

Garvit Goel:    Our product.


Kapil Bhatia:   The same manufacturers are there, and there are no new manufacturers came in, but definitely
                there are more steel manufacturers came in, from where we are negotiating the price, and
                able to get the best price from the old supplier, and from the new supplier, so we are able to
                negotiate well from the new supplier, because steel manufacturers are more suppliers added
                by Railways, so from there we are able to get the good competitive rates, to maintain the
                margins and all. But as far as our product is concerned, there are no new players at the
                moment.



Garvit Goel:    Got it. So, that's why you will be able to pass on the price. That | understand.

Kapil Bhatia:   Got it.



Garvit Goel:    And lastly, beyond February 27%, like you mentioned, and we have also seen, there will be
                some large tender coming in, and then a lot of focus on the coaches side from the Indian
                Government, but considering all these things, that we will be an organization which will be
                close to 3500 crores, that kind of revenue next year, on that base, what will be the vision, like
                FY27 onwards, like what pace we will be looking to grow, and what kind of targets do we have
                in mind, maybe by FY30?

                Sir, we are, since last 2-3 years, we are growing
                                                               at the rate of 30%, but| know that this s a very,
                very high rate of growth, but as | already mentioned, Indian Railways has a lot of demand, as
                far as coaches and wagons are concerned. So, if not 30%, we will definitely have a 25% growth,
                for the beyond ‘26-27, and things will be there. I don't see any drought of orders for our
                components, because Railways, which carries load and moves, requires any kind of springs,
                and forging, and air springs. So, our components are well placed, and we don't see any
                problem, as far as orders are concerned.

Garvit Goel:    Understood.

Moderator:      Next question is from the line of Ajit Sethi, from Eco Quantum Solutions. Please go ahead.

Ajt Sethi:      Thank you for the opportunity. From an on-ground perspective, how is the current demand
                environment, how are projects progressing on the ground, and are you witnessing any delays
                in tendering, ordering, or execution?
                                        Page 8 of 18
Kapil Bhatia:   No, I have already mentioned that, we already have a good number of orders in hand, and
                demand is there, and this year again, the Railways has already issued a plan, for this year's
                production, for the passenger coaches, around 6,000 numbers, locomotives around 1,200 to
                1,400 locomotives, which is the same as last year, and a big wagon tender is coming up, by
                Railways board. You must have read in the papers also, recently, from Titagarh and Jupiter,
                they have already mentioned. So, as far as orders are concerned, and things are concerned,
                and tenders are concerned, and there are no delays, in finalizing anytender by Railways. They
                need springs and everything. So, we are in a very comfortable position.

Ajt Sethi:      Sir, if possible, can you please share, what is our current order bid pipeline?

Kapil Bhatia:   I have already told you, it is X300 crore plus orders in hand, and pipeline, we are quite
                confident, that we will be able to get, %500 crore gross revenue this year. The tenders are
                always there, because it is not that, one tender takes place in a year. Every day, there are
                tenders from the Railways. So, we keep on quoting tenders, and we are quite confident that
                we will get the numbers, what we have promised.

Ajt Sethi:      Sir, what is our current capacity, and capacity utilization?

Kapil Bhatia:   We are already working on, approximately 70% of our capacity, and we keep on increasing the
                bottleneck, where the capacity extension is required. So, we are working around 70% of our
                capacities, in all the plants.

Ajt Sethi:      So, going forward, whatever growth you are projecting, we will have enough capacity to grow,
                right?

Kapil Bhatia:

Ajt Sethi:      Okay. Thank you, sir.

Moderator:      Thank you. Next question is from the line of Mahesh Atal, from Tipcon Family Office. Please go
                ahead.

Mahesh Atal:    Good day, Kapil sir. Good to hear you always optimistic, and good day dhruv to you too. Sir, my
                questionis, if you can just give me the breakup of, the revenue on the three divisions, air spring,
                coil spring and forging. The basic part, | am not interested in the gross part.

Kapil Bhatia:   The last year?

Mahesh Atal:    Yes, last year. FY26.


Kapil Bhatia:   Itis approximately, | am just giving you the gross, because | remember that X175 odd crore is
                i coil springs, and %60 plus crore in forging, and X150 crores in air springs, | think.


                                         Page 9 of 18
Mahesh Atal:    And sir, what is the number of sets capacity that we are having in air springs today, number of
                sets that you can manufacture.

Kapil Bhatia:   At the moment, we have capacities of making around 300 coach sets per month, and we are
                doing around 200 coach sets per month, 180 to 190 coach sets per month we are doing.

Mahesh Atal:    Okay, so you already have enough capacity for that.

Kapil Bhatia:

Mahesh Atal:    So, ifI see that, I think you have written that the forging division could see a bit of growth in
                this FY27 numbers. So, is it fair to assume that we are already having orders in the forging
                division, and the air spring division will run in the same growth path? Or where do you see the
                balance of maybe that 100 crores coming from in FY272

Kapil Bhatia:   We are having orders for all the three divisions in hand, and we are expecting a good number
                of orders for the air springs, forging, and coil springs also. Because as soon as this wagon tender
                comes up, it's going to be a huge order from the wagon industry. Coaching orders, tenders are
                already there. Locomotive tenders are already there by CLW, DLW, and other locomotive
                manufacturers. So, actual growth will take place in forging and air springs, and coil springs
                reasonable growth will be there. We are just waiting for wagon tenders to happen, so that        we
                will get additional orders for the wagon industry.

Mahesh Atal:    Sir, how many kilometers does Railways require for the trial thing? How many kilometers do
                they do with FIBA?

Kapil Bhatia:   They do it for 6 months actually.

Mahesh Atal:    It's 6 months or number of kilometers?

Kapil Bhatia:   They have something that is around 20,000 kilometers. It takes to 5 to 6 months. So, they have
                made it 6 months basically.

Mahesh Atal:    So, we might assume
                                that the Q4 might be having some orders from FIBA side also, right?

Kapil Bhatia:   Yes, definitely. In the later part of the year, yes.

Mahesh Atal:    Allright, sir. Thank you so much. Good day.

Moderator:      Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Ankur Kumar from Alpha Capital.
                Please go ahead.




                                         Page
                                           10 of 18
Ankur Kumar:     My first question is, if| look at our revenue reported numbers, it s like it is struck in this X80
                 crores to %83 crore range for last three quarters. Any reason, sir? And when do we expect to
                 break out ofthis 80 crores to %83 crore range?

Kapil Bhatia:    We are trying hard. There are some bottlenecks sometimes. All the views are with the
                 satisfaction from the Railways. So, sometimes inspection doesn't take place. The inspectors
                 don't come. Sometimes, little bit of raw material delays, something like that. And we are trying
                 to breakin this 1%t Quarter. We are hoping to break in this 15t Quarter. | hope that we will break
                 that 82 crore, this thing.

Ankur Kumar:     Got it, sir. And, sir, you are giving 30% growth guidance for next year. So, overall, in the full
                 year, we expect that it is like second half heavy or first half heavy. How should we look at
                 growth in the next year?

Kapil Bhatia:    Right now, | think there is no problem till the first half. The 4% Quarter will always be the better.
                 The 3Quarter, where the actual things take place, if that goes well, we will be able to achieve
                 what we are promising. So, till these two quarters, | don't see any problem and 4t Quarter
                 also. But 3rd Quarter, the tender finalization took place faster. So, we will be able to get those
                 numbers equally.

Ankur Kumar:     And, sir, we have disclosed the order book this time, X370 crores. So, in which period wil this
                 be executed? And how much is it higher versus last year, sir?

Kapil Bhatia:    No, this is going on in continuation. You understand that in the first two and a half quarters,
                 there should be this much, which is the order book, and more orders are coming in that. So,
                 there is no problem anywhere. | don't see any problem. These 3370 odd crores are there. So,
                 ‘we will be able to achieve in the first two and a half quarters.


Ankur Kumar:     Gotit, sir. Sir, this margin, | think you always speak a little conservatively. But the numbers are
                 good on the margin. So, | hope this continues like this.

Kapil Bhatia:    I'am trying my best, sir.

Moderator:       Thank you. Next question is from the line of Prateek Joshi, an Individual Investor. Please go
                 ahead.


Prateek Joshi:   Yes, sir. First of all, for so many years of Frontiers Spring, | congratulate you a lot. You and your
                 team are doing a very good job. Sir, | have only one question. The number of orders that come
                 in from any company, Railways or anyone else, why don't we post on BSE and NSE, that this
                 order is a BSE this order?


Kapil Bhatia:    Sir, the thing is that we don't get a single order, like a big order of X500 crores or X200 crores.
                 We keep on getting orders every day. Because Railways buys a lot of material for rolling stock.
                 And then coaches. So, if there is a daily order of 28-10 crores, then we will have to post an
                                         Page
                                            11 of 18
                     order daily. So, there is no problem in doing it. But if there s a big order, if there is an order of
                     250-60 crores, then we will definitely postit.

Prateek Joshi:       Ihave understood that, sir. But
                                                   if you keep on posting orders, then it will be very good..

Kapil Bhatia:        Okay, we will do something. This is a good suggestion. | will do t, sir.

Prateek Jos|         Yes, sir. Thank you, sir. Okay.

Moderator:           Thank you. Next question is from the line of Harsh Mulchandani from Toro Wealth Managers,
                     LLP. Please go ahead.

Harsh Mulchandani:   Congratulations team for a great set of numbers. Sir, | have two questions. One is on the
                     development. Is there happening on the defence side? In the previous Con-Calls, we had
                     focused on the forging side. We would try to get some defence orders. So, is there any
                     development happening on that side? Or we are currently focusing more on the Railways with
                     the new product FIBA. How is your thinking happening? Just wanted to get your thoughts.

Kapil Bhatia:        Sir, we are very focused on forging with lots of intensity. Because we have a very big CAPEX.
                     We have some samples in defence as well. But the defence procedure s a little bit slow. Being
                     new in defence, it s taking some time for us to break through. Because this is our forte where
                     we can work overnight. And we know how it works. But we are definitely trying very hard to
                     get into defence. As well as into the other industry, road construction industry like L&T, JCB,
                     Caterpillar. There are many components on which we are already doing R&D. We are making
                     samples and we are giving it to everyone. Our target for this year is to bring better numbers in
                     forging division. Because we have increased the capacities. We have now 3 hammer, 1 ton, 3
                     ton, 6 ton. And we have a good finishing machining line of CNC machines almost. CNCmachines
                     are with us. We are here to get a new customer other than Railways. We are not just stopping.
                     at defence. We are entering into this equipment which you see. JCB, L&T, Caterpillar, heavy
                     road construction equipment requires a lot of forging. Crane division hooks. We are exploring
                     everywhere except automotive. Automotive has no margin. We are looking for a good margin
                     in forging industries. We are trying our best to do in forgings other than defence as soon as
                     possible. We have the capacities to do that.

Harsh Mulchandani:    It sounds very encouraging. Thank you. Another question | have is around the bid pipeline. Like
                     You mentioned, you are expecting orders from the Wagon tender once it gets awarded.
                      Following you will get orders for your products. Any bid pipeline is there? Apart from this
                     tender from Wagon, is there any other bigger tender we can expect coming in second half of
                     the year?

Kapil Bhatia:        Wagon has alot of tenders.  Apart from that, the tenders for coaches and Railways have already
                     been published. So, things are in line. There is no problem looking the production schedule by
                     the Railways and we will be comfortable with that.


                                              Page
                                                12 of 18
Harsh Mulchandani:   Got it. Any number onthe bid pipeline if you can put?

Kapil Bhatia:        We are talking about X500 crores gross. We will be able to achieve that. That is there.


Harsh Mulchandani:   Thank you so much. Best of luck.

Moderator:           Thank you. Next question s from the line of Siddharth, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead.

Siddharth:           Ihave one question. The trade receivables are quite high this year.

Kapil Bhatia:

Siddharth:           Would you like to say anything about that?

Kapil Bhatia:        Trade receivables are high because our turnover is high. And monthly sales are high. So, you
                     can say every month we are doing around X30-35 crores of business. So, the receivables are
                     according to the year ending. Butit is all good trade receivables. There is no bad debt at all.
                     There are zero bad debts in the company. So, things are there. And we have executed good
                     orders. So, that is why it is showing that trade receivables are there.

Siddharth:           One more question. Are these used in local trains as well?

Kapil Bhatia:        Yes. They are called EMUs. In EMUs they use air springs and coil springs.

Siddharth:           Okay. Thank you so much.

Moderator:           Thank you. Next question is from the line of Dipankar Bisht from CCVIM. Please go ahead.

Dipankar Bisht:      Sir, what was the production volume
                                                      for air springsin H1 and H2?

Kapil Bhatia:        What was this?

Dipankar Bisht:      What was the production volume for air springs?

Kapil Bhatia:        The production volume, we have a capacity of 300 coach set air spring manufacturing capacity
                     at the moment. 300 coach set means one coach is required for 4 air springs. So, we have a
                     capacity of this thing at the moment. And we are doing around 180 to 200 coach sets per
                     month. So, we have 100 coach sets capacity available for future orders.

Dipankar Bisht:      So, 180 to 200 capacity for the whole year, right?

Kapil Bhatia:

Dipankar Bisht:      1 believe the company was increasing the capacity from 300 to 350 coach set per month. But
                     as of now, itis still in the range of 200 to 250. So, when can we expect increase in the capacity?
                                            Page
                                              13 of 18
Kapil Bhatia:     Itis done simultaneously. In few machines where we can do around 400 coach set per month.
                  And in few machines where we can finally test up to 300 coach set. So, few machines are
                  required to come up to the 400-coach set. So, it is like that. So, wherever bottleneck is there,
                  we just have to increase that. It is not there that all machines are only for 300. There are
                  machines who does for 400 coach set. There are machines doing 350 coach sets. But what we
                  aretelling you, the bottleneck which is 300 coach set for final testing of the springs. So, we just
                  need two more testing machines like this. So, we keep on increasing thatif the ordersare there.
                  These machines are easily available in the country and if we see that orders are coming and so
                  we place order and by the time order comes we will be in the in line to execute the order.

Dipankar Bisht:   And sir, is the 1.25 lakhs per air spring realization still valid?

Kapil Bhatia:     Yes. Itis little bit improved also.

Dipankar Bisht:   So, there is no change in that, right?

Kapil Bhatia:

Dipankar Bisht:   And for this FIBA system, | believe you have mentioned that we can expect the production after
                  6 months. So, what kind of revenue can we expect from this in FY27?

                  Itis a market of around X40-50 crores. So, this year in the last quarter
                                                                                        this year, we are able to
                  get some orders. Orders may be early also but we are only able to execute when the trial is
                  over. So, we will add X20-25 crores to our revenue from the next ‘27-28 from this component.

Dipankar Bisht:   That's the last question. This FIBA revenue will be additive
                                                                             to our existing spring revenue, right?

Kapil Bhatia:

Dipankar Bisht:   Okay, sir. Thank you.

Moderator:        Thank you. Next question is from the line of Devang Bhatija from Symphoria LLP. Please go
                  ahead.


Devang Bhatij     First of all, congrats on a good FY26. | had a short question. So, in an earlier call you had said
                  that further doubling of revenues will take at least 5 years from %500 crores to 31000 crores,
                  let's say. But now it seems you are a little more bullish or you are seeing better things. So, has
                  there been a material change in the last 6 months?


                  No, there's no serious change. | have definitely sometimes, | must have mentioned this, but
                  You can assume that 20%-25% growth on an average we will do it, if not 30%. So, we can do
                  computation and permutation accordingly. So, I must have told this thing, but 20%-25% growth
                  with these components, these 3 components, the forging, the air spring and coil spring, we will


                                           Page 14 of 18
                  achieve this much at any cost. Let's see if we are able to improve on that, if there is some extra
                  demand of wagons or locomotives, so we can add also a little bit more.

Devang Bhatija:   Great. Sir, do you have any visibility for the next 4-5 years you are saying that?

Kapil Bhati       No, I told you that there is no lack of demand There is no lack of orders and funds. Generous
                  fund Government is giving to the Railways because Railways is the only mode of transport
                  which is used by the most number of people in the country. So, demand is always there for
                  passengers, freight, everything. The number of passengers, freight wagons and coaches, the
                  demand for locomotives is more than that. So, we and | have said before that the component
                  in which we are, without our component, nothing can be done in the Indian Railways. So, we
                  are in a good position, sir.

Devang Bhatija:   Fantastic, sir. Keep up the good work. Thank you. Thank you.

Moderator:        Next question is from the line of Bhoomin Shah from Equirus AMC. Please go ahead. Please use
                  your handset mode.

Bhoomin Shah:     So, 1 just wantto understand in FIBA, the margins would be similar
                                                                                  to other products or it would
                  be on a higher side?


                  It will be around the same margin with the air spring and the coil spring. It will be around same
                  margin.

Bhoomin Shah:     Another question is on this large wagon tender which is going to come. So, are there any new
                  air spring suppliers or FIBA suppliers which are doing the trial phases and will
                                                                                                get the approval
                  from Railways in next 1-2 years?

                  Sir, as far as my knowledge goes, because we are quite close to RDSO, it is in Lucknow, the
                  headquarter of India is in Lucknow, RDSO, and we are in Kanpur. So, as far as my knowledge is
                  going on, there is no spring manufacturing unit which he has applied for any new registration.
                  FIBA, because we are doing it, we are new into the things, but| don't think because FIBA is a
                  very difficult component  to produce because you have to have your own design and R&D team
                  and it requires a patent also because there is an imported component is there. So, itis not that
                  easy component that everybody can come in. So, I don't think that more people are coming
                  into this product.

Bhoomin Shah:     Okay. Thank you so much.

Moderator:        Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rajesh Bhatt, an Individual Investor. Please go
                  ahead.




                                          Page
                                            15 of 18
Rajesh Bhatt:    Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, you are doing great in Indian Railways. | wanted to check
                 whether     we have any plans of exploring markets beyond India given the reliability of our and
                 criticality of our components for Indian Railways.

                 i, as far s coil springs are concerned, we are not doingit because all over the world, we keep
                 on visiting the fairs of Railways and all. There are no in Europe as well as in America, there are
                 no expansion going on and there are manufacturers who are doingit. But yes, there is a lot of
                 opportunities for our forging division in export. So, we are exploring forging components for
                 export. But because their company wanted to come in to India to supply things to Indian
                 Railways, they have a capacity and we don't want to go there if there is no business and losing
                 our forte in India. We don't want them to come into India and we are supplying here. For
                 forging, definitely, we are exploring markets all over the world and very soon, good results may
                 come up also as far as export of forging are concerned.

Rajesh Bhatt:    Thank you.

Moderator:       Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of CA Garvit Goel from Sirin Alpha.
                 Please go ahead.

Garvit Goel:     Hi. Thanks for the follow-up. Sir, in continuation to the previous participant, | just wanted to
                 understand more about the export strategy of this company. Going forward, our Ministry is
                 also very much positive and providing motivation to the industry people to produce some
                 technical products that we can be doing the exports. What are our plans in this direction?

Kapil Bhatia:     ir, 1 have told you that we are really exploring market for forging division because forging is
                 very highly man used industry and they are closing their forging industry in Europe and America
                  because they find it very difficult how to operate there. So, there is a lot of opportunity as far
                  as forging exports are concerned and from India there are number of companies doing good
                  exports in forging. So, we are also exploring not only Railways but other than Railways also with
                 the good margin where the margin is good because we got lot of inquiries from the exports,
                  but we are only entering or studying where the margins are better just not for the purpose of
                  export we just don't want to do it. Margins should be better only then we will supply those
                 forging but yes there is a demand all over the Europe as well as in America of forging
                  components of different whether     it is agricultural or Railways or other than Railways. So, there
                  is a demand and we are exploring that.

Garvit Goel:     Allthe best for the future. Thank you.


Moderator:       Next question is from the line of Suman Narunia, an individual investor. Please go ahead.

Suman Narunia:   Sir, | have two questions. So, my first question is by which financial year we can expect actual
                 production of 250 plus air spring coach set per month?

                 It may happen this month also. It is not a very big thing.
                                          Page
                                            16 of 18
Suman Narunia:   Okay but we have capacity and we have capability also, right?

Kapil Bhati

Suman Narunia:   Good to know that. Sir, my second question is that maybe | am not ever. Is there any export
                 opportunities
                             for coil and air spring in other countries?

Kapil Bhatia:    We have not tried it because their manufacturer tried to come   to India. They want to come to
                 India to supply because there is demand here. Their country's demand is over. So, we will go
                 there and waste time and do nothing. We are concentrating more in India so that they should
                 not be able to enter into Indian market and as | have already told we are exploring for forging
                 market. And see the results will come soon.

Suman Narunia:   Sure. Thank you sir. Thank you for answering my question. Thank you.

Moderator:       Next question is from the line of Kartik Bhatt, an individual investor. Please go ahead.

Kartik Bhatt:    sir, the capacity utilization in the 6-ton hammer project, you mentioned in the opening
                 remarks.


Kapil Bhatia:    We have a huge capacity available. We are just able to use at the moment only one shift
                 capacity, which is 8 hours. So, we have a 16 hours capacity available as far as 6-ton hammer is
                 concerned and we are really looking for some components from other than Railways industry.
                 And we are really exploring fast and hopefully  the result started coming in from the 3% Quarter
                 onwards for further capacity utilization of 6-ton hammer.

Kartik Bhatt:    That's good to hear. Sir, | am just wondering about sleeper trains. There has been some news
                 recently. So, | believe 12 sleeper trains are being planned for this year and with further scale-
                 up plans for the next one or two years. So, just trying to understand it a little better as to how
                 is the suspension setup differentin a sleeper train versus a chair car. | mean, is it different and
                 how are we placed to address this opportunity?

Kapil Bhatia:    Because itis a sleeper, so the load is increased on this thing. So, they have a different type of
                 coil springs. Air spring is same. So, we have already produced and approved all those springs
                 as far as the sleeper Vande Bharat and all. So, we are approved for that and we are in line to
                 supply these springs to Railways.

Kartik Bhatt:    So, is it fair to say that significant contribution to it will come in FY28 or its fair share will also
                 come in FY27?


Kapil Bhatia:    ir, this year because it is only the 12 trains this year and then they have planned more than
                 200 trains next year. So, whatever it is there, the spring has to go from us only, sir. So, | think
                 next FY28-29 will be the more fruitful year for these Vande Bharat sleepers.



                                          Page
                                            17 of 18
Kartik Bhatt:   Okay, sure. And sir, there is some news also circulating that Railways is planning
                                                                                                 to shift some
                of the regular LHB coaches to these Amrit Bharat 3.0 rakes for long distance trains. Does this
                development have any bearing on us?

                Sir, whatever it is there, the coil spring and air spring requirement is there, and we are in line
                to supply all the springs and air springs for whether it is Amrit Bharat or LHB. Amrit Bharat is
                also made on LHB suspension. So, the name is changed only. So, there is as far as our
                component requirement s there, itis already there and we are approved for that.

Kartik Bhatt:   Thank you so much sir. And best of luck
                                                     for the next quarter.

Moderator:      Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question for today. | now hand
                the conference over to Mr. Kapil Bhatia for closing comments. Over to you.

Kapil Bhatia:   Thank you all for your time and your thoughtful questions. Your continued interest in Frontier
                Springs is something  we generally value. We look forward to updating you next quarter and we
                remain fully committed to the targets we have set for the Financial Year 2027. Thank you all
                and keep faith. Thank you so much.

Moderator:      Thank you. On behalf of TIL Advisors, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us
                and you may now disconnect your lines.




                                        Page
                                          18 of 18
