                                                                                    19th May, 2026

National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.                       BSE Limited
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,                               P. J. Towers,
Bandra Kurla Complex                                        Dalal Street,
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051                                 Mumbai – 400001
Symbol -TEXRAIL                                             Scrip Code – 533326


Subject: Transcript of Investor Call - Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015

Dear Sirs,

Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith a copy of the transcript of the Conference Call with
analyst / investor(s) held on Wednesday, 13th May, 2026 at 02:00 p.m. (IST).

The same has been uploaded on the website of the Company i.e. https://www.texmaco.in/wp-
content/uploads/2026/05/TexRail-Investor-Meet-Outcome-13052026.pdf

We would also like to confirm that no unpublished price sensitive information was shared / discussed
during the Conference Call.

This is for your information and record.

Thanking you,

Yours faithfully,
For Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited
SANDEEP KUMAR           Digitally signed by SANDEEP
                        KUMAR SULTANIA
SULTANIA                Date: 2026.05.19 20:15:24 +05'30'


Sandeep Kumar Sultania
Company Secretary &
Compliance Officer

Encl: as stated above
        “Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited
         Q4 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call”
                     May 13, 2026




MANAGEMENT: MR. INDRAJIT MOOKERJEE – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
            & VICE CHAIRMAN
            MR. SUDIPTA MUKHERJEE – MANAGING DIRECTOR
            MR. PRAMOD GUPTA – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL
            OFFICER
            MR. KISHOR KUMAR RAJGARIA COMPANY CHIEF
            FINANCIAL OFFICER
            MR. SANDEEP BANKA – DEPUTY CHIEF FINANCIAL
            OFFICER

MODERATOR:   MR. NAVIN SAHADEO – ICICI SECURITIES




                        Page 1 of 16
                                                                            Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited
                                                                                                 May 13, 2026

Moderator:            Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Earnings Conference Call Q4 FY '26 of
                      Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant
                      lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions
                      after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please
                      signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone.


                      I now hand the conference over to Mr. Navin Sahadeo from ICICI Securities. Thank you, and
                      over to you, sir.


Navin Sahadeo:        Thank you, Shailendra. Good afternoon, all. I welcome you all to the Q4 FY '26 Conference Call
                      of Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited. From the management, we have with us Mr. Indrajit
                      Mookerjee, Executive Director and Vice Chairman; Mr. Sudipta Mukherjee, Managing Director;
                      Group CFO, Mr. Pramod Gupta; Company CFO, Mr. Kishor Kumar Rajgaria; and also the
                      Deputy CFO of the company, Mr. Sandeep Banka. So without any further ado, I hand over the
                      floor to the management for their opening comments. Over to you, sir.


Indrajit Mookerjee:   Good afternoon, everyone. This is Indrajit Mookerjee. It's always been pleasure talking to you
                      every quarter. This also will continue like this, and you will have more pleasure when we talk
                      because of our advancing and our growth. So having said that, I'd like to welcome once again to
                      today's earnings call of Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited. We shall be predominantly
                      discussing the financial performance for the quarter just passed, which is the fourth quarter and
                      the full year results of financial year '25-'26.


                      We will also discuss with you of our growth plan and some of the milestones, which we are
                      achieving or we are yet to achieve. The financial results and presentation materials have already
                      been filed with the stock exchanges, and I'm sure that you had the opportunity to review them
                      ahead of our discussion today. During quarter 4 FY '26, we demonstrated strong operational
                      performance, reflecting the effectiveness of our focused execution, disciplined financial
                      management and commitment to our long-term growth strategy.


                      In spite of various challenges, we continue to improve our operations, maintain stability and
                      drive value for our stakeholders. We are steadily enhancing our position as the leading provider
                      of rail and infrastructure solutions. And with the expanding range of capabilities across
                      manufacturing, engineering, rail systems, technology-driven services. These efforts reinforce
                      our vision for sustainable growth and our dedication to meeting the evolving needs of our clients
                      and the market.


                      Having given a brief overview, let me take you through some of the important parameters or
                      some of the important performance parameters of Q4 of FY '25, '26. We reported a revenue from
                      operations of INR1,167 crores, although it's reflecting a 13.3% compared to the same quarter
                      last year, which you know, and we have explained earlier why it happened primarily due to the
                      challenging marketing conditions. Despite these difficult conditions, which all of you know,
                      despite the revenue drop, the [Inaudible 0:04:38] resilience.


                      EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR116 crores, which is about 10%, which represents a year-
                      on-year improvement of almost 1.2%. Profit after tax stood at INR58 crores, reflecting a PAT

                                                Page 2 of 16
                                                       Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited
                                                                            May 13, 2026

margin of 5%, which also is an increase of 206 basis points compared to the same period last
year. Additionally, direct expenses decreased 0.8% Q-o-Q, which really made us to turn out the
starling performance, underscoring the success of our efficiency and effectiveness
improvements.


These margin expansions highlight our ability to manage costs effectively, improve profitability
under these circumstances. Now let me turn into the financial year. In the financial year of 2026,
we reported a revenue from operations of INR4,377 crores, which once again is a decline of
14% compared to the last year. From the profitability perspective, EBITDA for the year was
INR450 crores with an EBITDA margin of 10.2%, while profit after tax was INR194 crores,
translating into a margin of 4.4%.


In our conference, in our investors call earlier, we had mentioned that one of the very major
impediments that we pass through is because of challenging positions -- in the supply chain with
a special emphasis to availability of wheel sets, which hampered our performance in the quarter
1 of FY '25-'26. Performance during the year was impacted lower [Inaudible 0:06:53] as I said,
because of supply chain issues.


And rail and green energy, which we normally call our Kalindee division's performance.
However, the good news is that the Infra, which is the electrification business, which also we
term as Bright Power division has grown by 66% to a revenue of INR610 crores with an EBIT
margin of 10.8%, and it shows phenomenal growth for days to come.


The company has remained focused on maintaining a strong balance sheet, driving cost
optimization. throughout the year. And as a part of this strategy, our cash flow improved. The
net debt decreased to INR444 crores, reflecting a disciplined financial management and a focus
on reducing leverage. The net debt-to-equity ratio improved from 0.22 in FY '25 to 0.21 in H1
of FY '26 and further strengthened to 0.18 in the end of FY '26.


This consistent reduction in debt levels underscores our commitment to enhancing financial
stability, ensuring long-term growth and improving shareholder value. It puts us into a unique
position to satisfy our growth aspirations for the coming years. On the operational front, we
delivered 2,196 freight cars in Q4 of FY 2026, while the Foundry division recorded a total
volume of 8,964 metric tons.


For the full year, company delivered 8,372 freight cars, which could be lower than last year,
where we had a record numbers. But still, we are one of the top primary manufacturer of freight
cars and possibly one of the high market shareholder. The Foundry division achieved a 34,000
metric ton performance. The performance of both the quarter and the year-wise was impacted
strongly by global supply chain disruptions, which affected production schedules, shipping
transportations on export.


Imposition of U.S. tariffs also destabilize some of our very strong business with the U.S. And
these have had, no doubt, some amount of adverse effect on our volume, which, as you
understand, could was beyond our control. There is one more subject which I have to say to you



                         Page 3 of 16
                                                         Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited
                                                                              May 13, 2026

that you would have noticed from our published results that the company has created a provisions
for contingencies of INR700 crores from its free results.


We would like to talk about this before we discuss all other exciting [Inaudible 0:10:20] around
adjacencies and breakaway growth business. In context of ongoing geopolitical tension and trade
uncertainties, which includes energy supply, shipping, transportation, supply chain, we have
seen instances of large contracts not meeting their expected outcome due to these uncontrollable
external factors.


Keeping in mind of the volatile and uncertain macroeconomic situation, the company wanted to
start the next phase of Texmaco or transformation of Texmaco, as you can call Texmaco 2.0
journey with adequate safety net. Accordingly, as a risk mitigation measure, our Risk
Management Committee, Audit Committee and the Board and the management decided that it
would be most prudent to make a contingency provisions against any possible unforeseen
circumstances. I must tell you that this has no cash impact because of this provision.


It is an exercise in strengthening our balance sheet and improving our risk-taking capability as
we bid to win large contracts. Overall, the company believes the provision enhances financial
resilience transparency, which is very important, long-term sustainability, while preserving
visibility of the underlying operational performance and supporting continued growth. In this
respect, I also must say that there's a huge amount of claims for our projects, which are pending.
And these are the ones, which takes a little bit of time. So we need to hold some patience.


The company believes that this contingency provision is a maximum potential risk under the
worst-case scenario, as we get more visibility of implementation of the ongoing and the future
contracts and realizations of significant claims that it has in relation to the ongoing project, there
will be scope for potential savings out of these contingency provisions. And I already have
mentioned of some huge claims also, which are lying, which we are working on with our
customers.


You would also have noticed that the statutory auditors have thus qualified their report. This has
been done only on account of provision being adjusted against the free reserves instead of taking
it from the profit and loss account, which we think we're taking out of the reserves is the right
thing to do and as the contingency provision is not related to any specific risk or within any
specific time frame.


As we commence our journey for FY 2027 with a refreshed strategic path, we are looking
forward to scaling the railways business profitably even as we complement its cyclical nature
with nonlinear growth drivers across new and nascent industries. Dear investors, I think there
are great stories to say because it's just a story, it's reality. Our future looks absolutely strong,
and we are sitting on a very strong solid foundation.


As we go forward, you will see that while we are excelling our dependence on the wagon
industry, we also are ensuring at the same time that our overdependence is reduced because of
the cyclical nature of the industry. We thus have our successful move into EPC projects, railway-
related projects, adjacencies and also a few other related growth areas.

                          Page 4 of 16
                                                                            Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited
                                                                                                 May 13, 2026

                     And I think there is no one else, who should be able to narrate this to you other than the person,
                     who is making it to happen. So I would like to hand it over to our Managing Director, Sudipta
                     Mukherjee, to tell you what we are doing, how we have all as a team agreed into a vision 2030.
                     And this is just not a vision, it's becoming a reality day by day. You will hear more good news
                     about it. So Sudipta?


Sudipta Mukherjee:   Thank you. Good afternoon, everybody. It's always a pleasure to connect with you. So you must
                     have noticed or seen the document we have uploaded as a presentation and the vision and the
                     way forward for the company. But to explain the rationale and to pass to you the underneath
                     thinking, thought that we use this platform as a kind of interaction and a kind of speech from our
                     end.


                     So I mean, of course, while we are continuously doing and growing in the core segment and we
                     are differently approaching it. So in the whole theme of it, what we have identified that, of
                     course, the predominant thing the freight rolling stock and its components, while we have a
                     robust market, domestic market in India, but it always goes through such cyclicalities, which
                     sometimes takes it upward and sometimes.


                     I mean, you need to take a back. So we, as a company, I mean, considering the present situation,
                     we, of course, have to grow. And the theme which we have picked for us is, of course, that we,
                     as a company wants to grow in the top line at least 2x. And of course, one of the large and biggest
                     focus that we wanted to have that we take our bottom line or the EBITDA percentages mid-teen
                     and above.


                     So considering all of this, we took time and crafted very carefully after a thorough study, a kind
                     of a plan, which we call that Texmaco 2.0, where we have considered all kind of risks, which
                     could come in and what is the volatility or whatever. And in that way, we have divided this
                     theme into primarily 3 parts. One is strengthening the core. Why we need to strengthen the core
                     because this is one segment. Of course, we admit that there will be effect of cyclicality. But if
                     we see that the relevance of railway cannot go away.


                     And in the present circumstances overall, such an efficient and sustainable energy solution,
                     where it has always a positive impact on the commodity pricing or the GDP growth of our
                     country. So it will always be relevant. And that's why we thought of focusing more and more on
                     the capability of us and of course, derisk the business, which we call as a strengthening the core.


                     So strengthening the core is, of course, will also involve certain inclusions of certain product
                     lines, having the design and engineering capability and also to reach to newer regions. And
                     second theme of the vision is, of course, this synergistic diversification in the way forward that
                     how we take the company to multiples of the top revenue and the growth.


                     So there, of course, we have carefully analyzed that what is going to change in the way forward
                     and the fund flow so far the government expenditures are concerned. And we all know that there
                     is a huge reliance and importance and fund allocation is happening in and around the safety and
                     network of the railways and also in and around the passenger mobility segment. So in the whole
                     ecosystem and while we have an infrastructural division, which is now has a tailwind of growth.

                                              Page 5 of 16
                                                         Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited
                                                                              May 13, 2026

So we always have felt that rather than having [Inaudible 0:19:46] certain technology products
within the company, which gives us leverage and advantage to work around the ecosystem and
the supply chain. So while we are remaining dedicated to give a total solution in and around the
passenger mobility or the railway safety network.


So there the focus is, of course, also to have the propulsion and also to have this -- I mean, other
power electronic items and also in signaling, including Kavach and electronic interlocking,
MSDAC, DPWIS. So all of this makes us a more complete and a strategic player, where we have
more control over the ecosystem while we deliver or commit to deliver. Then of course, we felt
that railway has always remain very efficient, lucrative, sustainable business vertical, while we
want to focus.


And continue to focus and work together, making us a prominent technology company in and
around that. We felt that in the whole process of it, we needed to also look for a kind of a breakout
diversification, which actually helps us mitigate a lot of risks and we can always find out some
sunshine sector. And which is also on a technical maturity index, maybe sounds a little breakout,
but there is a lot of integration on the engineering side of it.


So we chose defense as part of it. Of course, we have focused on the digital business, while we
have launched our global capability center and that we have now -- of course, you all know that
we have launched a platform called Invariz.ai, which is powered by ServiceNow, which is one
of the global largest company and also who works for companies like NVIDIA and all.


And we are taking the integration support of AI through that. And we are here to provide service
in and around the railway as well as the whole value chain of a business to start with and then
we are going into different path to provide service all over the globe. So this remains the theme.


And as part of the Vision 2030 road map of the Texmaco 2.0, so therefore, we are not only
strengthening our core business, but also investing in the development of future-ready growth
engines. So in addition to our focus on the wagon and rail infrastructure, as I have mentioned,
you can see that.


We are scaling up on the strategic opportunities, which is emerging areas into the signaling
safety system, Kavach system, propulsion technologies, metro and urban mobility. So these are,
of course, all you will agree that are expected to play a key role in the modernization of the
whole railway network.


And there is a huge global traction in and around that if you -- along with it, just not to have a
transaction mindset, but to imbibe and the technology and develop the capability in and around
this and have a control over the ecosystem, which makes us a distinct player in the whole system.
So we are proud to be an Indian company being in this horizon and coming up as a global
solution provider, as a complete solution provider with a technology backup.


So I mean the theme remains very strong and our commitment to excellence supported by the
ongoing investments in technology and human capital that, of course, positions us navigate the
challenges and pursue the growth opportunities more holistically. So these efforts are intended

                          Page 6 of 16
                                                                                   Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited
                                                                                                        May 13, 2026

                           to drive long-term value, which I think that will be very appreciated and more of a bulletproof,
                           I think, for the interest of all the stakeholders and the company.


                           So in the way forward, of course, we are looking forward to make this Texmaco 2.0 in new
                           avatar, which we, of course, want to achieve in the next 12 to 36 months. Thank for the patient
                           hearing. So of course, we can have questions-and-answers now.


Moderator:                 Your first question is from Koundinya Nimmagadda from Jefferies.


Koundinya Nimmagadda: A couple of questions from my end. Firstly, on the wagon side of things, what is the kind of
                           visibility that you have with respect to new orders from railways? Is something being discussed
                           out there? Or is it like completely blank? I mean if you can throw some color on that before I
                           move on to the next question.


Sudipta Mukherjee:         Thank you for asking. We believe very strongly that Indian Railway or the Indian rail story will
                           remain robust. And I repeat that you all have seen that there have been a significant large order
                           first time in the history of the country was awarded in the year 2022-23. And of course, due to
                           our execution rate because we remained the highest supplier to Indian railways, so the railway
                           order portfolio, you may not may be hearing more, but it's poised to come because you see as
                           per the National Rail plan, the kind of achievement India and Indian railway wants to achieve.


                           So there is a huge requirement is going to come. And we believe that in near terms, it should be
                           no less than a range of 1.5 lakh to 2 lakhs wagons and it is further getting boosted because last
                           1.5 -- I mean, 2 years rather. If the wagon order has not come, government has very carefully
                           worked to decongest the whole railway tracks, so many double lines and corridors have been
                           announced.


                           And we are also happy to let you know that the WDFC and EDFC are also coming into operation.
                           Some of them are already into operation and the whole integration will happen. So if the new
                           wave of the cycle is all poised for start.


                           So we have a great hope and it can come any time. So sometimes a little bit of silence is not a
                           bad news. So we always believe that a lot of work is happening behind, and you will see that
                           flow of orders will come in. Second is that government is also encouraging private companies
                           to invest and participate into the system. And there's a lot of traction.


                           I mean, in terms of -- if you see that the commodity like cement, steel, automobile. So everybody
                           wants an efficient system of transportation and everybody wants to have a sustainable way of
                           transportation and everybody wants to have a reduction of logistic cost. So railway has remained
                           the most efficient solutions within the country. And I mean, a lot of investments are coming in
                           and around it.


                           And a lot of private wagon orders are coming and railway is also working to come up with a lot
                           of policies for introduction of new design wagons. So in a combination and as a whole, it gives
                           us a huge hope that there will be a good momentum of freight rolling stock procurement in the
                           country for a longer term.


                                                     Page 7 of 16
                                                                                   Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited
                                                                                                        May 13, 2026

Koundinya Nimmagadda: Sir, just on the railway order, right, like have any bids been called out? Or is it something still
                            not yet been there?


Sudipta Mukherjee:          We have not seen any carving out. So we rather find it as a very strategic move because the
                            whole national rail plan, I mean, as a layman, if we convert it into the percentages of achievement
                            target was made because that was the first disclosed published document of the government that
                            the railway motor share they wanted to have around 47% so for the whole logistics of the
                            country, and we remain still at the 27%, 28% mark because all the sectors are equally growing.


                            And if you see that off late recently Prime Minister has again asked people to go for railways.
                            So I mean, overall, the system is that -- I mean, say, those 3 lakh or 4 lakh of wagons could not
                            be procured at a go. So there was a first stage, which came out around 1.3 lakh, 1.4 lakh of
                            wagons from 2022 to '23. The balance start to come and which we believe will come very soon.


Koundinya Nimmagadda: Sure, sir. My second question is on your Vision 2030 plan. So I mean, see with respect to your
                            diversification into wheels or even the metro and real estate especially something like wheels, a
                            couple of your peers have already ventured out there. Do you think you are a little late to the
                            party there and there could be a potential oversupply scenario out here? What's the right to win
                            here for the company, if you can elaborate a bit, please?


Sudipta Mukherjee:          It's a very good question. First of all, the whole intent is not to copy. And our strategy to enter
                            into the wheel segment is not being envisaged to play in the same ground. So in the coming days,
                            we will get to know. Of course, it helps us in our internal consumption, and there are some kind
                            of assured offtake business opportunities we are working around.


                            So it's going to help us as a whole. And we see the business in a different light and different
                            playground perhaps.


Indrajit Mookerjee:         Yes. We have considered the supply-demand situation, sir. As Sudipta said, we are just not
                            jumping into a band wagon. So we have looked at the supply-demand and the product that we
                            are going to be preparing or making it ready for -- is one of our designed movement to the
                            railway adjacency. It's not come out of sudden day sort.


Sudipta Mukherjee:          So I want to answer, I mean, in the strategy regarding your first point, of course, you have asked
                            me specifically on the railway wagon -- Indian railway wagon order perhaps. But for Texmaco,
                            if you have seen that we are also consciously focusing as a derisked percentage share that while
                            we want to remain the leading position so far supply to Indian railways are concerned.


                            And at the same time, increasing our reach to other geographies and also to cater to the private
                            segment is also the theme of the whole growth story. And I mean, today, I'm happy to let you
                            know that our whole order book, if you analyze the wagon, so around 70% is from private. I
                            mean this is, of course, whatever we are talking on the earnings call on 31st March.


                            But one of the recent few developments, I can mention that the company is progressing very
                            strongly in the African continent. And, we had seen some major order wins, including
                            Cameroon, now South Africa, and we are expecting a few more. So for us, wagon orders for the


                                                     Page 8 of 16
                                                                              Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited
                                                                                                   May 13, 2026

                      core business, I mean, we find that it is going to remain very, very niche and very close to our
                      heart.


Moderator:            The next question is from Parvez Qazi from Nuvama Group.


Parvez Qazi:          So wanted some more details on the South African order that we announced yesterday. The order
                      mentioned that we need to supply some 2,200 wagons, some 30 diesel locomotives by FY '28.
                      And there's also some 15-year maintenance partnership involved. So a couple of questions on
                      this. One, of this INR4,000-odd crores order, is it all to be delivered over the next 2 years? Or is
                      there some maintenance component also included in this INR4,000 crores order?


Sudipta Mukherjee:    Parvez, so thank you for flagging the question. So it's a complete solution providing contract
                      right from design to maintain the whole life cycle, which they define as 15 years. So to answer
                      you, the pricing is inclusive of all of the rolling stock or the wagon and the maintenance of it for
                      15 years. And regarding delivery, yes, the delivery has to be completed within -- as of now, as
                      per the letter of the award by the financial year end 2028.


                      But there could be some modifications depending upon the situation at the customers end. It may
                      be less also, it may be more also. So that provision is there, but in terms of the delivery time. So
                      it is not based on us, but we are taking it as a financial year end 2028.


Parvez Qazi:          So on this order, what kind of revenues do we expect to book over the next 2 years is FY '27 and
                      '28?


Sudipta Mukherjee:    You know the order value. So definitely, that is going to be the bucket as of now.


Parvez Qazi:          And lastly, who will do this locomotive part? I mean we obviously have capabilities on the
                      wagon side. But for the locomotive production, do we tie up with or how will this be handled?


Sudipta Mukherjee:    So we have our strategy and process in place. Now at this point of time, we are not able to
                      disclose everything. But definitely, we have accepted the award and definitely, we are eligible
                      to do that hence we got it. So you will come to know, and I will be happy to -- I mean, once we
                      progress, we'll be happy to let you know.


Indrajit Mookerjee:   See, right now, there is a little bit of disclosure issue. So we'll come back to you.


Parvez Qazi:          Sure. And just for my knowledge, I mean, I know our contracts with Indian railways have
                      commodity pass-through. Now considering that the global supply chain situation is quite
                      volatile, this contract also does it have raw material cost pass-through? Or is it a fixed price
                      contract?


Indrajit Mookerjee:   So there is a lot of this kind of global -- this thing, as I cannot be too specific now because it is
                      in an envelope of the total value. So many things in the way forward has to be worked out
                      because there is a lot of stuff involved into it, including localization and all. So all these things
                      are getting worked out. And to answer you very straight, the East is very well covered.


Moderator:            The next question is from Mr. Karan from Asit C Mehta.

                                               Page 9 of 16
                                                                            Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited
                                                                                                 May 13, 2026

Karan:               Hello. My question has been answered.


Moderator:           The next question is from Darshil Jhaveri from Crown Capital.


Darshil Jhaveri:     Sir, just wanted to understand like with our current order book and a new order, how would we
                     look at FY '27, as a whole year, sir, in terms of our revenue and EBITDA.


Sudipta Mukherjee:   I mean we definitely envisage a growth in terms of top line and very good achievement in terms
                     of growth in the bottom line also. We cannot be too specific for a forward-looking statement.
                     But I can tell you that now we have also come out with a vision document that where exactly we
                     want to be. And definitely, this is not that it's going to happen only on the last year. So we see
                     that there will be incremental progress in the whole journey, and you will find there is a
                     significant improvement in both.


Darshil Jhaveri:     Sir, not anything specific, but in terms of margin like we've done around 9%. So we aim for at
                     least 10% to 11% in the next. Sir, how would the margin trajectory will be? I don't want any
                     exact numbers, but because the South Africa order has also come up, so is that more margin
                     accretive? How could we just look at our PAT or EBITDA, whatever margin you were able to
                     disclose there?


Sudipta Mukherjee:   You were right. And I'm so happy that you have narrated it so nicely. And our Vision 30
                     document, I mean, whatever I have spilled out as a target or a vision that we want to 2x our top
                     line. But at the same time, we want to sustainably remain on the -- I mean of the EBITDA. So
                     that is a journey, which we want to do.


                     And definitely, the answer is that you will see good improvement over and above whatever we
                     have achieved in this year, in the coming year. But to be specific forward looking, you can
                     appreciate you know that I can't speak on that.


Darshil Jhaveri:     No worries about that, sir. And sir, just on the like in terms of our new products or something
                     like going into a lot of different segments. So number one, to build that, will we need any more
                     capex that we have outlined? I think you've outlined INR200 crores for defense, but for metros
                     and everything will we need any more other capex. And with regards to that, sir like what about
                     our debt position will we increase that also? Or how you will try funding our new business capex.


Sudipta Mukherjee:   So you have seen that we have significantly improved on the debt position. And it is today, I
                     think, a little more than INR400 crores. And on our ratio, it is less than 0.2. And we are very
                     hopeful that we will generate a good amount of money out of the business, while we have our
                     growth plan intact. Yes, there will be requirement of capex and in spite of that capex, we expect
                     that our ratio should remain within the range and we will have a good trajectory not
                     disproportionate.


Darshil Jhaveri:     Just wanted to understand like what's our Interest cost in general because I think we are doing
                     around INR120 crores of interest for the full year, right? So just wanted to understand in terms
                     of interest -- what is the rate of interest that we are getting on receivables. We are also very A
                     plus bracket. So how can we focus on return reducing that, sir?


                                             Page 10 of 16
                                                                             Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited
                                                                                                  May 13, 2026

Sudipta Mukherjee:    Yes. So Kishor will come back to you on the interest. One point just I wanted to add on the
                      capex side of it. Of course, you have seen now that the Board has approved for INR200 crores
                      capex for our defense business. So we'll be progressively assessing and doing the way we are
                      going and eating to the market.


                      But I mean what we have seen that we will be coming back to you and letting you know that
                      what is the kind of capex we are envisaging. But on an envelope as of now, it should be within
                      INR1,500 crores kind of.


Darshil Jhaveri:      What period sir till 2030?


Kishor Rajgaria:      Yes. See our finance cost also includes the bank guarantee commissions charges. So that is not
                      only related to interest.


Moderator:            The next question is from Abhinav Bhandari from Bandhan AMC.


Abhinav Bhandari:     Just jumping on this South African order once again. Just wanted to understand, was it an
                      internationally competitive bided order or a negotiated order? What kind of peers were there
                      along with us if it was a competitively bided order? And what played to our strengths in winning
                      this order? Just some more understanding on that.


Indrajit Mookerjee:   I would rather love to mention to you because I'm also not privy to all the competition what our
                      customer has chosen from. But yes, Texmaco is the only company in India who has the supply
                      track record of 16 countries in the world. And we have the capability of producing various
                      standard bogies and wagons of various gauges right from meter gauge, tape gauge, standard
                      gauge, broad gauge and we have the credential of AR. We have the credential of other continents
                      and our products are successfully running so far as the qualification is concerned. And this is
                      not the only order which Texmaco has won.


                      This is one of the largest, of course, in the history by any Indian company. But our products are
                      already running in that sector successfully over the years and the ages. And when we go to such
                      international competition, yes, we compete with Europeans, we compete with Chinese to name
                      few. And sometimes, of course, you also have a local competition.


Abhinav Bhandari:     Sure. That's helpful. And just some more understanding on if there are such similar prospects
                      lined up for us or the Indian industry as such across the globe, just to understand on that piece.


Indrajit Mookerjee:   So as I said that we work on multi-continent and we are already existing there and we have the
                      qualifications. So definitely, I mean, Texmaco as a company will look forward and is engaged
                      in various such business prospects. I can't talk about others.


Moderator:            The next question is from Sandeep Mukherjee from SKP Securities Limited.


Sandeep Mukherjee:    Sir my first question is like to create a Texmaco to aligning with your vision of 2030. So how
                      much capex incremental capex do you need, sir?


Sudipta Mukherjee:    I think I have just answered it.

                                                  Page 11 of 16
                                                                             Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited
                                                                                                  May 13, 2026

Sandeep Mukherjee:   It was not audible actually. It was.


Sudipta Mukherjee:   I said that, see we cannot predict a specific number, for entering into the defense business, now
                     the Board has approved about INR200 crores. But this whole bucket can be -- I mean, we can
                     predict a range of INR1,500 crores to INR2,000 crores as of now. But I said and we promise that
                     as we progress in each, we come back to you and let you know what is the kind of estimation
                     we have done. Because lot of stuff have to be done and it's in a progressive manner. And it could
                     also have a very -- I mean, frequently, we have to come back to you and we will let you know.


Sandeep Mukherjee:   And my next question is how much wagons are produced in Jindal means Texmaco West? How
                     much wagons are produced?


Sudipta Mukherjee:   So you have asked me actually, to be very honest, we have started looking at the vehicle
                     numbers, which unit has produced because it's a unit of Texmaco now. So we have to see that.
                     But on a consolidated number, I think this year, we have produced 8,000 -- what is the total
                     [Inaudible 0:47:48] approx. or 8,350. So one thing I must tell you that, we as a company has
                     started believing in that we have to come out of this vehicle numbers because when we started
                     talking about this, the whole industry was manufacturing commodity wagons, which railways
                     initially first tendered, okay?


                     So now there is a whole metric change in the game. And I mean, as I have said about the
                     Texmaco story that in automobile, in steel, in cement, in alumina, in petroleum -- then all of the
                     specialized wagons we are manufacturing and we are doing these export wagons to each wagon,
                     food grain. So all of these are unique numbers. And at a point of time, I think we are making 11
                     types of wagons. So this was never really seen and because we have that kind of an infrastructure
                     we are able to do.


                     So more than the wagon numbers for the vehicle units, what we are looking forward is the quality
                     and the delivery we are making. So volume to value is the journey. I'm very thankful for you to
                     ask this question. So that's the one of the fundamental theme of Texmaco 2.0. Whatever we will
                     do, we will more look for value internally as well as external.


Moderator:           The next question is from Mr. Navin Sahadeo from ICICI Securities.


Navin Sahadeo:       Sir, 2 quick questions. One was regarding the South African order. Will it be fair to assume that
                     a significant portion of the revenues will accrue largely in FY '28. I know you didn't give a
                     precise answer to the previous question around this. But at least directionally or to a large extent,
                     is it fair to assume that since we have just received the order, a bulk of the revenues would be
                     booked in FY '28 since our endeavor was to finish this or meet this order by FY '28.


Sudipta Mukherjee:   You are right. As of now, yes. And one thing just to mention to you that while that South Africa
                     order is covering that, presently, we are charging Cameroon. And we are expecting few for this.
                     We are exporting wagons to Cameroon now in this financial year primarily. That's also a
                     substantial large order. And that also comes with maintenance. And we are also expecting a few
                     more, which the delivery will also include in this year.



                                              Page 12 of 16
                                                                              Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited
                                                                                                   May 13, 2026

Navin Sahadeo:        Understood. So just from a like run rate point of view, it seems then that given the exit order
                      book, it's possible that FY '27 can be a little softer versus '26 and '28 then can see a meaningful
                      jump. Is that the correct understanding?


Sudipta Mukherjee:    No. I said that we will grow in the top line and bottom line both in this financial year compared
                      to last year. That's our work which is going on.


Navin Sahadeo:        Understood. Second then, my question was around the announcement foray into defense
                      segment. So I would just request to throw some more light into this as to what exactly are we
                      trying to like do here, which verticals are we like looking at? And when can we possibly expect
                      the first commercial order in this particular space?


Sudipta Mukherjee:    So the company is into advanced stage of technology tie-ups into certain very strategic segments,
                      which may include autonomous kind of vehicles and other stuff. So if I apologize and I believe
                      he will support me not -- I am not in a position to disclose today in this call. But within a few
                      weeks, you will get to know as things progress in each of this. The Board has, of course,
                      sanctioned the budget because there are some outflow will also happen along with it. So we are
                      pretty certain that in this financial year, we will see a positive step forward towards that.


Moderator:            The next question is from Mr. Ashok Shah from Eklavyainvesco Family Office.


Ashok Shah:           Sir, are we ready for any acquisition in the wheel sector if any private company is making it
                      because wheels is always in demand and there is always shortage.


Sudipta Mukherjee:    While in all of the business segments, what we have indicated, we are open for meaningful
                      collaboration and acquisition too. We are, of course, working on certain prospects. But if
                      anything comes, we remain open.


Moderator:            The next question is from Mr. Rupesh Tatiya from Long Equity Partners.


Rupesh Tatiya:        My question, sir, is on wheel set shortage issue that industry was grappling with. Can you give
                      some view about how this issue will play out in FY '27 and FY '28? Is it fair to assume that there
                      will be no major shortage in, let's say, from second half of FY '27 once the large order comes?


Indrajit Mookerjee:   I can answer you from the current macroeconomic scenario and the various steps government is
                      taking. So as of now or the policy guidelines, what government has. So the wheel we remain
                      historically dependent on Indian railway supply because it was mandated for Indian railway
                      ordered wagons. Now when the private is increasing, what is the policy decision government
                      takes in terms of allowing us to import or they insist us buying. As of now, they say that Indian
                      Railway has enough capacity and they can supply.


                      So we are yet to check this. And I mean we'll be very happy to not to import if things works out
                      in that way. As of now, it's going smooth. There was off and on, it comes on, but there have been
                      a ramp-up in terms of the capacity by Indian Railway also. So it's a kind of a mixed answer I do
                      not have right now.




                                              Page 13 of 16
                                                                                Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited
                                                                                                     May 13, 2026

                      But for Texmaco, you see that we have as of now a good backup in terms of the private orders
                      and with the exports coming in, and we are not dependent exactly on this crisis. So in that way,
                      we should not encounter much as of now.


Rupesh Tatiya:        The second question, sir, is the private sector in India, right, specifically I'm asking about India,
                      what would be our market share? And can you give some idea about the opportunity?


Indrajit Mookerjee:   So I think in the private sector overall target, we are in the range of anything around 40% as of
                      now, 40% to 45% and it changes the scenario changes. But when it's more of a specialized type
                      wagon, so our percentage has gone up. And so we feel that this continuity will remain, and we
                      will improve upon if not remain here. I mean this is a good share because the volume in the
                      private is increasing.


Rupesh Tatiya:        But the size is like, let's say, 10,000 wagons a year in the private sector, sir?


Indrajit Mookerjee:   It depends. There was around 10,000, sometimes it is 7,000. But we feel that on a consistent
                      basis, it can remain in the range of 12,000 to 15,000.


Rupesh Tatiya:        And then the final question, sir, I mean this large wagon tender that is expected in your
                      assessment, what would be the latest time by which the tender will be out? Q3 is latest. Is that a
                      fair assumption to make?


Indrajit Mookerjee:   First of all, sir, it may come at a go or it may be divided into a few tranches also. But the
                      requirement will remain. Even if it comes at a go or if it comes every year, it hardly matters, but
                      we know there is a need and requirement of consistent if I even divide it into year-wise. So there
                      will be a requirement about 25,000 to 30,000 wagon for the coming 5 to 7 years. And even
                      whatever wagons retires, that's also in the range of around 10,000 to 14,000 per annum.


                      So I mean, combining on a worst-case scenario, there should be a requirement of around 25,000
                      to 30,000. That's what we feel to ramp up the railway share. And I feel that government is quite
                      actively working. But when it will come, how it will come, what would be the priority, you and
                      me, we are in the same state. We can't just comment on that.


Moderator:            The next question is from Harsh Sheth from ICICI Securities.


Harsh Sheth:          Sir, just a couple of questions. So firstly, on the real estate plan that we have mentioned in our
                      results press release. So we have some land bank and we plan to develop a real estate project on
                      it, and we have also created this new vertical. So if you could throw some light on how big this
                      land bank is and what could be the size of opportunity?


Sudipta Mukherjee:    So basically, it is that you can put it in a theme of land bank unlocking. So there are so many
                      unutilized things in and around. So for making our balance sheet stronger or to utilize it properly,
                      I mean that was the whole theme of it, the real estate.


Indrajit Mookerjee:   No, actually, it is supplementing Sudipta in addition to his question that we have reorganized
                      and restructured our operations. As a result, we have some prime land, which has come up. It is



                                               Page 14 of 16
                                                                              Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited
                                                                                                   May 13, 2026

                      not a distressed sale of land. So it's just that it has come up, which is a good value. And the
                      competency requirement for development of land is totally different from making wagons. So
                      we decided that this will be a separate business division. And I don't think this division is going
                      to be a long continuous one because we don't have that much of land. But whatever we have, we
                      will start developing it.


                      As you know that there has been some issues on the land ceiling Act, et cetera, which I hear is
                      going to be going out because today, there is a press statement given by the BJP President, but
                      whatever it happens. So when we come to that situation, we will start developing this land
                      through our own development company. So this is a scenario. It's not that we are selling land to
                      sort of get money out of it. But since we have restructured, we have got good land at premium
                      places, why not we develop.


Harsh Sheth:          And sir, secondly, on our last month's announcement of the launch of Invariz and the foray into
                      GCC. So I believe we had done a soft launch towards the end of 2025 in Faridabad. So just
                      wanted more color on this. I mean, if you could.


Indrajit Mookerjee:   It's a very interesting project. Actually, we have actually already launched an AI platform in
                      collaboration with an international American company, which is also a partner of NVIDIA. So
                      we have access to most of the cloud. And we will also have access to AWS and Microsoft of the
                      cloud. Basically, this GCC will be working on portfolios instead of going into a huge amount of
                      back-to-back, wall-to-wall kind of services, we will work on specific portfolios.


                      For example, the rail solutions, rail design. Then we also will look into the CRM, the customer
                      relation management. Then we'll also look into cost reduction in production we have also
                      mentioned operations [Inaudible 1:02:17]. So this is going to be a very interesting one. We are
                      also looking at the fertilizers used that how we can reduce water consumption in field, how can
                      [Inaudible 1:02:40], so it's an interesting this is not only for internal use. We are also going out
                      to market. So we expect that this is going to be one of the major, major growth area for us.


Harsh Sheth:          That was precisely the question. So is the primary goal to digitize our own internal
                      manufacturing process or largely of the Adventz Group or vision to build a stand-alone
                      commercial AI services business?


Indrajit Mookerjee:   Ultimately, the vision is that it will be a commercial AI. Right now, it is being anchored by
                      Texmaco because there are a lot of internal work also we need to do. However, it will be go to
                      market, in fact, people have lots of opportunities. And we started already bringing in number of
                      seats. We don't want too many number of seats, but as happening in today's GCC, everyone
                      starting with an optimized number because as you have the AI, you can cut down on numbers
                      of people. And that's exactly what we are doing. We have got a very strong team actually
                      working for us. We have a very, very strong team on this.


Moderator:            Ladies and gentlemen, we will take this as the last question for today's call. I now hand the
                      conference over to management for the closing comments. Over to you, sir.




                                                  Page 15 of 16
                                                                             Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited
                                                                                                  May 13, 2026

Indrajit Mookerjee:   Well, this is Indrajit Mookerjee once again. And I'll have to thank the investors from the bottom
                      of my heart because I know that you're asking these questions because you love the company
                      and you want the company to prosper. And it is our duty as the operators of the company, as a
                      management of the company to give you correct precise information. But I also have to say that
                      somewhere we couldn't have given you the exact numbers that you wanted because we also are
                      bound by certain guidelines with our partners, confidentiality disclosures. So we also have to
                      sort of do a we have to be something we balance walking.


                      While we want to satisfy with all your questions and tell you what we are doing, but at the same
                      time, somewhere we have to restrict certain disclosure of information. So if we have not satisfied
                      you on this, then this was completely unintended. And please, I do apologize on behalf of all my
                      colleagues and friends. However, you can see that your company is poised for growth. And we
                      are transforming.


                      As you would have seen, we are transforming. We are reducing on to the risk of cyclical type of
                      business. We are moving into the -- sustainability is one of our major areas that we are going
                      because this sustaining growth is very important as you start exporting because it becomes also
                      very important from the environmental sustenance as well as whatever we want to do, we want
                      it for a long-term sustaining. We just don't want it to be just one opportunity and do it.


                      So everything is very well thought out. We had many, many sessions of strategy before we came
                      to this. We also have taken the services of the top management gurus of the world, the people
                      who are considered to be the top most management advisers, and they work mostly in the U.S.
                      and Europe. And we also have interacted with them to sort of see whether we are making any
                      mistakes or not so that we don't have mistakes. Having said this, I wish to thank all of you for
                      spending your time with us.


Moderator:            Thank you.


Sudipta Mukherjee:    Thank you, everyone.


Moderator:            Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining
                      us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.


Indrajit Mookerjee:   Thank you.


Sudipta Mukherjee:    Thank you.


Notes:                1. This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of
                      the proceedings.


                      2. Figures have been rounded off for convenience and ease of reference.


                      3. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means
                      without the prior written consent of Texmaco Rail and Engineering Limited.




                                              Page 16 of 16
