                                                                               15th November, 2025

National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.                  BSE Limited
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,                          P. J. Towers,
Bandra Kurla Complex                                   Dalal Street,
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051                            Mumbai – 400001
Symbol -TEXRAIL                                        Scrip Code - 533326

Dear Sirs,

Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith a copy of the transcript of
the Conference Call with analyst / investor(s) held on Wednesday, 12th November, 2025 at
11:00 a.m. (IST).

The same has been uploaded on the website of the Company i.e. https://www.texmaco.in/wp-
content/uploads/2025/11/ICICISec-TexmacoRail-Nov12-2025.pdf .

We would also like to confirm that no unpublished price sensitive information was shared / discussed
during the Conference Call.

This is for your information and record.

Thanking you,

Yours faithfully,
For Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited
 SANDEEP Digitally signed
          by SANDEEP
 KUMAR KUMAR SULTANIA
          Date: 2025.11.15
 SULTANIA 16:11:49 +05'30'
Sandeep Kumar Sultania
Company Secretary &
Compliance Officer
        “Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited
               Q2 FY '26 Earnings Call”
                  November 12, 2025




MANAGEMENT: MR. INDRAJIT MOOKERJEE –EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
            AND VICE CHAIRMAN – TEXMACO RAIL &
            ENGINEERING LIMITED
            MR. SUDIPTA MUKHERJEE –MANAGING DIRECTOR –
            TEXMACO RAIL & ENGINEERING LIMITED
            MR. KISHOR KUMAR RAJGARIA –CHIEF FINANCIAL
            OFFICER– TEXMACO RAIL & ENGINEERING LIMITED

MODERATOR:   MR. AMIT GUPTA – ICICI SECURITIES




                        Page 1 of 18
                                                                              Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited
                                                                                              November 12, 2025

Moderator:            Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited
                      Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the
                      listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation
                      concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by
                      pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being
                      recorded. Please note that this conference is being recorded.


                      I now hand the conference over to Amit Gupta from ICICI Securities. Thank you, and over to
                      you, sir.


Amit Gupta:           Good morning, everyone. On behalf of ICICI Securities, we welcome you all to the Q2 FY '26
                      Earnings Call of Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited. Today, we have with us from the
                      management, Mr. Indrajit Mookerjee, Executive Director and Vice Chairman; Mr. Sudipta
                      Mukherjee, Managing Director; and Mr. Kishor Kumar Rajgaria, Chief Financial Officer.


                      Without much delay, I will now hand over the call to the management for opening remarks,
                      which will be followed by interactive Q&A. Thank you, and over to you, sir.


Indrajit Mookerjee:   Thank you, Amit. Welcome, and good morning. This is Indrajit Mookerjee, Executive Director
                      and Vice Chairman of Texmaco Rail and Engineering Limited. I would like to warmly welcome
                      you all to the earnings discussion for the second quarter and first half of the financial year 2026.
                      The financial results and presentations have already been filed with the stock exchanges, and
                      you all must have taken a look at the same.


                      For the quarter, company reported a revenue from operations of INR1,258 crores with an
                      EBITDA of INR132 crores, reflecting a margin of 10.5%, which shows a very gradual increase
                      and profit after tax of INR64 crores at a margin of 5%, which is also an improvement. For the
                      first half of the financial year, revenue from operations totalled at INR2,169 crores and EBITDA
                      reached INR211 crores and PAT was at INR93 crores.


                      Texmaco delivered 2,334 freight cars during quarter 2 of FY '26, showing an increase of 28.6%
                      compared to 1,815 units in Q1. The Foundry division achieved sales of 8,413 metric tons for the
                      quarter.


                      The performance of H1 FY '26 was partially impacted by two main factors. Firstly, the short
                      supply of wagon wheel sets, which affected both Q1 FY '26 and at the start of Q2 led to delays
                      early in the quarter. The supply is now -- supply issue now has been resolved, and we expect
                      production to return to stable levels in the coming months to come. Secondly, the Foundry
                      division was impacted by U.S. tariffs on exports, which led to decline in export sales during the
                      quarter. You would be happy to know that we are taking necessary actions to circumvent any
                      such external factors for the future.


                      As of 30th September 2025, the order book was valued at INR6,367 crores, providing a strong
                      visibility for execution in the coming quarters. The order book includes both new and ongoing
                      projects across freight mobility, traction system and rail infrastructure. During the quarter,
                      company secured several key contracts, which have contributed to the order book and reflect
                      ongoing demand for Texmaco's products and services. These projects cover a range of offerings,


                                               Page 2 of 18
                                                        Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited
                                                                        November 12, 2025

including freight wagons, rail and non-rail electrical infrastructure, ensuring continued business
flow and stability in the near term.


A significant milestone achieved during the quarter was the successful completion of the
amalgamation of Texmaco West Rail Limited with Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited. This
merger consolidates and brings the best of the desired synergy in our operations, engineering,
production and project delivery functions and streamlines execution across the business. The
integration enhances our efficiency and positions for improved operational coordination as we
move forward.


In addition, in line with the MOU announced in the previous quarter, we entered into a joint
venture agreement with Rail Vikas Nigam Limited, RVNL. This strategic partnership focuses
on rolling stock manufacturing, rail infrastructure projects and expanding our presence in
international markets. By combining Texmaco's manufacturing expertise with RVNL's project
execution capabilities, the joint venture establishes a strong foundation for sustained growth and
allows us to pursue larger scale opportunities in the rail sector.


Further, Texmaco has also signed an MOU with HORMANN Vehicle Engineering GmbH as a
partner of our Global Capability Center association to offer world-class passenger mobility
designing services, including locomotives. The collaboration has potential for third-party design
and manufacturing support where German engineering excellence meets Texmaco's
manufacturing expertise. It marks a significant step towards delivering sustainable advanced
rolling stock solutions for both the Indian and global markets, further enhancing our product
development and manufacturing capabilities.


The sector continues to benefit from significant public investment. Indian Railways have
recorded its highest ever first-half capital expenditure of over INR1.42 trillion with a strong
emphasis on electrification, multi-tracking and safety systems. A key part of this investment is
the adoption of the 2 x 25 kV overhead electrification system by Indian Railways. This system
is expected to improve network efficiencies, enable higher speeds and increase freight capacity.


These investments are expected to drive demand all across for Texmaco's products and services,
particularly in traction systems and rolling stock. As Indian Railways strengthens its position as
a more sustainable and energy-efficient transport option than road transport, it is set to play a
key role in country's green transformation. This shift creates substantial growth potential for
Texmaco. The company expects stronger traction in the Rail and Infrastructure division as we
intensify our bidding activity, supported by a favorable policy environment and increasing
project visibility.


Looking ahead, Texmaco is focused on executing its growth strategy through an integrated
operational base, expanding partnerships and a very clear road map. The company is committed
to increasing its market presence, both in India and also in international markets while driving
long-term growth through strategic partnerships, continuous innovation, improved efficiency
and optimum utilization of resources.




                         Page 3 of 18
                                                                             Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited
                                                                                             November 12, 2025

                      At this point, I would like to thank all of you for your patient hearing. We are here with our
                      Managing Director, Mr. Sudipta Mukherjee; and also our Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Kishor
                      Kumar Rajgaria. We now open the floor for questions. Thank you very much.


Moderator:            Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question comes from
                      the line of Rajesh Bhandari from Nakoda Engineers. Please go ahead.


Rajesh Bhandari:      Yes. Yes, Yes. Sir -- good morning, sir and congratulations for better results this quarter. Sir, I
                      wanted to ask you something. We have a joint venture with RVNL. We have a joint venture with
                      a German company also. The railway is expanding so much. We have also taken business from
                      Jindal. Sir, in the next 1 to 2 years, what kind of expansion in the turnover can we expect?


Indrajit Mookerjee:   Hello, Mr. Rajesh.


Rajesh Bhandari:      Hello, sir.


Indrajit Mookerjee:   We are meeting after the festive season. So, I would like to wish you and all the other investors
                      a happy Diwali.


Rajesh Bhandari:      Sir, I wish you also a happy Diwali.


Indrajit Mookerjee:   Yes, yes, yes. So, I mean, you said 1 year, so we actually…


Rajesh Bhandari:      Sir, 1 to 2 years. Sir, 1 to 2 years.


Indrajit Mookerjee:   So, in our growth path, it is like we multiply the top line and bottom line.


Rajesh Bhandari:      Yes, sir.


Indrajit Mookerjee:   In XMACO, we have adopted a mid-term and long-term strategy for a minimum of 3 to 5 years.


Rajesh Bhandari:      Yes, sir.


Indrajit Mookerjee:   The business we are doing now, we hope to grow in the core business and make our dominance
                      and become a globally efficient and sought-after company. And even leaving this, we are
                      working on some diversification related to railway, which is on the side of passenger mobility,
                      on the side of locomotive.


                      And even leaving this railway, we are working on some other business line. And all that is in
                      the strategy, like defense sector, renewable energy. So, in all this, your company is working very
                      effectively. And we will do all these fractify by combining the overall. And we will also multiply
                      in the top line from our last turnover. And bottom line, definitely in the coming days, you will
                      get continuous good improvement, which is above the mid-team.


Rajesh Bhandari:      Yes. Sir, the other one was that you have took Jindal business for INR650 crores. How many
                      orders did you get related to that, sir? And what is expected in the next 1 year, 2 years?




                                                Page 4 of 18
                                                                             Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited
                                                                                             November 12, 2025

Indrajit Mookerjee:   See, last year, we made about 11,000 wagons by combining both. This is the part of
                      Texmaco. So, our Texmaco has four manufacturing units and one that is coming with European
                      joint venture, right?


Rajesh Bhandari:      Okay, sir. Okay, sir. If you look at the quantity, then we had reached nearly 1,000 per month
                      already. So, it is not a challenge for us. So, we can make 15,000-16,000 wagons in a year. And
                      the support of the market, let's say, we have become a domestic market, which is the order of
                      the Government of India.


                      We think that the private sector will grow very well in the coming days for a specialised group. In
                      which Texmaco is in a clear advantage position because our design and expertise are far
                      ahead. And we are consistently doing well in the market and getting good traction.


                      So, overall, by bringing Jindal and doing all this, which is our broader picture, which I said
                      earlier, that we have to dominate in the core business, that to become big, we have to become
                      one of the sought-after companies of the world. So, to that extent, we definitely got help. And
                      our focus is on private export, we are getting its benefit in everything.


Rajesh Bhandari:      It is a profitable thing?


Indrajit Mookerjee:   Absolutely.


Rajesh Bhandari:      Yes, because we have spent about INR650 crores.


Sudipta Mukherjee:    The Jindal -- Mukherjee, Indrajit Mukherjee was talking about...


Rajesh Bhandari:      Yes, sir. Namaskar, sir.


Sudipta Mukherjee:    Namaskar, sir. The Jindal that has come with us, we got a very good synergy and we are getting
                      a very good result. Because Jindal also makes specialised wagons.


Rajesh Bhandari:      Yes, sir. Yes, sir.


Sudipta Mukherjee:    But higher pricing, higher margin. It also has given us a strong presence on pan-India
                      basis. There is such a big production base in Kolkata, now in Gujarat. And most importantly, its
                      synergy is very good. So, the way we planned and did it, we are getting better results than that.


Rajesh Bhandari:      So, there is a demand for their product?


Sudipta Mukherjee:    Yes, the demand is on the market, but the operating synergies are very high.


Rajesh Bhandari:      Yes, yes, yes. Sir, there is demand as of now?


Sudipta Mukherjee:    Acquisition, there is a successful acquisition in one word.


Rajesh Bhandari:      Yes, yes. Okay, sir. Okay, sir. Thank you, sir. Thank you.


Sudipta Mukherjee:    And I will add one more thing.



                                                  Page 5 of 18
                                                                                Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited
                                                                                                November 12, 2025

Rajesh Bhandari:      Yes, sir. Yes, sir.


Sudipta Mukherjee:    You will see that it does not end here.


Rajesh Bhandari:      Yes, sir.


Sudipta Mukherjee:    In a very good strategic place, as Mr. Mukherjee has mentioned, which is in Gujarat.


Rajesh Bhandari:      Yes, sir.


Sudipta Mukherjee:    So, there is a lot of opportunity for our expansion there. Because the land bank is very high. And
                      it is an industrial land and very strategically located. So, it is a very good return in future business
                      synergy.


Rajesh Bhandari:      Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I wish all the best, sir.


Sudipta Mukherjee:    Thank you so much.


Indrajit Mookerjee:   Thank you. Thank you, Rajesh.


Rajesh Bhandari:      Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir. Thank you.


Moderator:            Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Balasubramanian from Arihant Capital.
                      Please go ahead.


Balasubramanian:      Good morning, sir. Thank you so much for the opportunity. Sir, on the [wheelset 0:17:06] side,
                      how is the supply side right now? And what are the specific variable indicators of normalized
                      supply from Indian railways? And what is the current lead time for wheelset? And how do you
                      look at maybe in coming months for wheelset supply from Indian railways overall the industry
                      perspective?


Sudipta Mukherjee:    So, it has improved significantly. And as of now, there is no challenge we envisage in the supply
                      of wheelset in terms of the lead time. So, it is a continuous process. And there is allocation and
                      dispatch from railway factory every day to all the wagon manufacturers, depending upon the
                      performance and some other criteria that which kind of rolling stock they are supplying to Indian
                      railways.


                      So, in that sense, in the near future and in this quarter and the coming quarter, as of now, there
                      is no forecast of disruption. So, we feel that the momentum will continue and it will help in
                      increasing the production and supply to Indian railways.


Balasubramanian:      Okay, sir. Sir, foundry division witnessed a volume dip in Q2 because of the US tariffs. And
                      how do you look at margin profiles in foundry business? And, like, is the growth in higher
                      margin non-railway segments like auto mining, like, compared to the low growth areas? And
                      also, we are targeting 3x to 5x kind of growth in exports for next 2 to 3 years. Given this tariff
                      impact, how do you look at that exposed export business? And which are the geographic we are
                      focusing on that?




                                                 Page 6 of 18
                                                                              Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited
                                                                                              November 12, 2025

Sudipta Mukherjee:    So, foundry business has remained one of the most lucrative business for Texmaco. Although, I
                      mean, you have seen that in last couple of quarters. I mean, if you see last 2 years or so, we have
                      unleashed the capability and capacity of foundry. And this is one of the, I think, the leading and
                      largest sought-after unit globally. And which is a pride and it remains to be a pride.


                      In one or two quarter due to global situation does not make us shaken. Because our portfolio too
                      is diversified. And definitely, if something suddenly happens, you get a hit and because you
                      remain on that production continuity. But if you see that our portfolio we supply to Indian
                      railway, yes, we supply significantly to US and for railways.


                      And other than that, we have also started making, I mean, supplying to mining. And it is not
                      only in US, it is in also other part of the world like Australia. So, those things are growing. And
                      you will be happy to know that we have added in our portfolio certain other boogies and
                      couplers, which are not of Indian railway specification, but more of other global standards. And
                      Texmaco has gone into that league of having their own product.


                      So, where we don't need to depend on the global sources to supply those, while we supply rolling
                      stocks to the world market. So, you know that in India it is broad gauge. But there are some other
                      gauges like cape gauge, meter gauge, standard gauge. So, those things we are getting into. We
                      have also got into the locomotive coupler in India. And I am happy to let you know that we are
                      also -- we have also gone into the passenger train coupler.


                      So, all of these added and one of the very important business which is coming up for Texmaco
                      is track renewal. I mean, you know weldable crossings which are Indian Railways in its
                      infrastructure mission to upgrade the railway track has laid a huge significance and already
                      demarcated money. And we are an approved developed source by railway. And our supply has
                      started this quarter, last quarter. And we are significantly ramping up that.


                                To come to the export orders, we are -- I mean, in which region we are in? So we are
                      in Africa, we are in U.S., we are in Australia and of course, other than the domestic supply. And
                      this temporary problem of U.S. supply, we are very much actively working around it, and we
                      are very much hopeful that in -- very shortly, we will overcome this problem, and we'll have a
                      solution to get back to normalcy and make it better from there. So we are not worried at all on
                      this course. And the margins remain very steady and healthy.


Balasubramanian A.:   Okay, sir. Sir, I think earlier guidance around 35% to 40% kind of growth for freight car
                      divisions. And what kind of mix we can expect on the railways and the private side? And how
                      is the demand coming from private wagons? Is there any shift we can expect in the near term?
                      And is there any delay for tender pipelines?


Sudipta Mukherjee:    So majority of the tender in the Indian railway, if you have seen that previous old tender, there
                      are some outstanding with manufacturers. So perhaps I mean, the railway is weighing that when
                      to come up with that. But so far, our -- I mean, whatever we know that it is expected to come at
                      least within the last quarter of this financial year.




                                                Page 7 of 18
                                                                                 Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited
                                                                                                 November 12, 2025

                         We are having sufficient order to execute even towards the middle or towards the third quarter
                         of the next year. So -- and orders are continuously flowing other than railway also from private
                         and export. And we feel that we will be able to see some very good momentum on both of those.


                         And one thing I would also like to mention to you, you know that Texmaco also has a leasing
                         joint venture and which, of course, other than the manufacturing and supply, they go to the
                         leasing team, it comes a very good team for catering to the private companies in the domestic
                         market. So we have a big hope that this synergy is going to help us a lot.


                         So in one sentence, we do not envisage any challenge to have good order book. But in terms of
                         the growth, growth we would like to define by efficiency, not in terms of only wagon number
                         volume. I have indicated that we can manufacture given a situation of 15,000, 16,000 wagons a
                         year, so which is highest in the country and one of the highest in the world.


                         So it's never been -- it's not going to be a challenge with the capacity capability and versatility
                         Texmaco has. We cater to all the specialized segments. And all the segments like cement, steel,
                         if you see that is growing from a range of 4% to 6% CAGR and the economy is very buoyant in
                         the country. So in near future, also beyond a year or two, we do not envisage any challenge.


                         That gives us strength to solidify our core business and put us in a very unique position to unleash
                         this requirement. In terms of the growth guidance, we feel that we will continue to grow
                         significantly, as I have mentioned in my previous answer in the top and bottom line multipliers.


Balasubramanian A.:      Okay, sir. Sir, net debt is around INR600 crores, and we also have a phased capex for foundry
                         expansion and potential new initiatives. What is the anticipated peak net debt level over the next
                         18 to 24 months kind of range? And this capex is primarily funded through internal accruals or
                         debt?


Sudipta Mukherjee:       So I would like to put it to Kishor for the specifics, but I would just like to put you on a theme
                         that when a transformation journey is on and a growth journey is on. So specific figures and
                         ratios sometimes may not take us to the right conclusion. But we are in a position of a transition
                         for a high jump. So one should take it from that perspective. That's just on a notional theme I'm
                         just setting. I will request Kishor to answer this question.


Kishor Kumar Rajgaria:   Yes. Considering the current businesses and foundry expansion, we would not be requiring much
                         more debt. So it will be through the debt we already have and this balance from net accrual.


Balasubramanian A.:      Okay. My last question is, what is the scope of work and initial opportunities pipeline for RVNL
                         JV?


Sudipta Mukherjee:       I didn't get you. Can you be a bit louder?


Balasubramanian A.:      Sir, could you please quantify the initial opportunities pipeline, scope of work with RVNL JV?


Sudipta Mukherjee:       So we have already outlaid the scope that what we want to do with RVNL and Mr. Mookerjee
                         has mentioned it in his opening speech also. So I do not want to repeat it because there may be
                         some other people who would like to answer. To give you a statement of this that we are in a
                         process of finalizing the SHA while we are also working on the opportunities parallelly.

                                                  Page 8 of 18
                                                                                 Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited
                                                                                                 November 12, 2025

                         So there is something which is going to come, which for a different market and different product
                         portfolio, and on a complementary basis where Texmaco today is not there. And in one sentence,
                         it has to be -- it will be a quantum growth opportunities in areas of railway infrastructure and
                         rolling stocks, not in necessarily wagons.


Indrajit Mookerjee:      Yes. I just want to supplement Sudipta sir, by saying that I will be -- we will be all hesitating to
                         quantify. But as it has been said by Sudipta, it opens up vast avenues for us to play in the rail
                         segment. So the future opportunities are very good. So I think as our investor, I'm sure you will
                         be happy to know that we have made such a pathbreaking arrangement, pathbreaking agreement
                         together.


Moderator:               The next question comes from the line of Parvez Qazi from Nuvama Group. Please go ahead


Parvez Qazi:             Thanks for taking my question. So my question was regarding our wagon order book. I mean in
                         terms of number of wagons, what would be our wagon order book currently? And I mean, what
                         are our thoughts about incremental new wagon tender both from railways as well as private
                         sector?


Kishor Kumar Rajgaria:   Yes, we are having current order book as on 1st October of about 6,500 wagons. And we are
                         working on future opportunities, which Mr. Sudipta Mukherjee will explain.


Sudipta Mukherjee:       Good morning, Parvez. Good to hear from you. I mean, in addition to what Kishor has mentioned
                         in terms of the figures, I would like to say that to think of a 3- to 4-quarter order book should be
                         decent in terms of the 3 quarters order book, should be decent in terms of the present scenario.


                         Because if you see that in the domestic environment also, whatever order book is coming today,
                         I mean, everybody wants a faster delivery. So the lead time of placing the order has come down
                         drastically over the years, except the long-term railway tender, which we have seen three years
                         ago. And in terms of the volume, we will be having enough orders to follow our guidance. That's
                         what we see, which was given earlier.


                         If you talk about the market share. I mean, our execution has significantly improved, and we are
                         more than 30% today in the market, which is highest. And we believe that we will continue this
                         momentum and would do better on this.


Moderator:               Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ishita Lodha from SVAN Investments. Please
                         go ahead.


Ishita Lodha:            So now that the short supply of wagon wheel sets are behind us and now production levels have
                         become stable, and we have capacity of about 15,000 to 16,000 wagons in a year, and we have
                         order book of also 6,500 wagons right now, and we are also expecting more tenders, so can we
                         expect to sell 6,000 wagons in H2?


Sudipta Mukherjee:       Not at all. So because these contracts are not exactly deliverables within this time line. And there
                         will be some wagons, which will be also delivered by mid of next year.


Ishita Lodha:            So how many wagons are you planning to sell in H2?



                                                  Page 9 of 18
                                                                              Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited
                                                                                              November 12, 2025

Sudipta Mukherjee:    I cannot be specific because it cannot be said, but whatever you have seen in the last quarter,
                      definitely no less than that, and we expect to better from there.


Ishita Lodha:         Okay. So was the production in October higher than September month because the wheel sets
                      supply has increased?


Sudipta Mukherjee:    We don't go by month by month.


Ishita Lodha:         Just a directional sense that the monthly production is high.


Sudipta Mukherjee:    It is on an upward graph.


Indrajit Mookerjee:   Yes, directionally, you will see that first quarter to second quarter, there is an upward direction.


Ishita Lodha:         Yes.


Indrajit Mookerjee:   That's a trend. But as you know, when you have a lower base, you have a higher percentage
                      number. So when we have a higher base, the percentage number comes down. But we can assure
                      you that our productions are going on the upswing.


                      And as I think Sudipta has very nicely explained to another investors that because of our
                      efficiencies and because of our capacity, we are in a position to deliver quickly, which is a
                      tremendous unique selling proposition that we have. That beats basically the industry that we
                      can quickly deliver.


Ishita Lodha:         What kind of opportunity are we looking from the tenders that are expected to come in Q4?


Sudipta Mukherjee:    That's a speculation then I have to do. Because I can tell you that as far as the sales to
                      international market and private market is concerned, it requires lots of marketing efforts, which
                      we are doing very, very strongly. And also, we are looking at -- and also, I think somewhere --
                      some time back, we mentioned of our leasing arm because many private customers are now --
                      don't want to put in their -- make capital investment, they want on leasing. So that's another route
                      from where the wagons come to us.


                      So we are doing lots of -- in fact, you would see that a percentage of private wagon as the
                      percentage of the total wagon orders have been ramping up in our portfolio. So we are very
                      strongly looking at that. We are very strongly looking at the export market. We have some export
                      orders already, which is also path breaking. As far as the railway tender is concerned, we can
                      only speculate. So I think it will not be fair to speculate on our behalf.


Ishita Lodha:         Fair enough. Last question that in case of Jindal Rail, I heard that you mentioned that we have
                      good synergy. So can you elaborate on this? How -- what is the cost savings that we are getting
                      from this and how it is helping aiding our margins?


Sudipta Mukherjee:    See, you have -- the synergies are in different ways. You have product synergy. So if you have
                      some specialized wagons have to be made, then Jindal facilities very strongly can do that. There
                      are also synergies of being a big buyer, you can negotiate with the vendors because you are a
                      larger buyer for the bought out for whatever you buy as a components or as spares.


                                              Page 10 of 18
                                                                                Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited
                                                                                                November 12, 2025

                      You also have the synergy of manpower because you can -- a lot of work like the design and a
                      few other things can be done centralized. And that's why we formed the GCC, which is a global
                      capability and design center. So we also -- the same establishment that GCC in Delhi also is a
                      global supply center.


                      So these are all the synergies, which are actually mostly copybook synergies. Every acquisition,
                      you first look at what are the synergies. And I think all these synergies were available when we
                      were considering buying Jindal and now that we bought and we have spent 1.5 years, we see
                      that all these synergies are getting satisfied and working out. And that's why you would see that
                      gradually the numbers, the ratios are improving.


Moderator:            Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vishal Thakkar from Balaji Investments.


Vishal Thakkar:       First, my question is all about order book. What I see is for this current quarter, you have given
                      guidance of INR6,300 crores of orders in hand, whereas it was INR7,000 crores last year -- last
                      quarter. So that is a reduction in total order book. And my second question is about the QIP
                      allotment you have done last year to a lot of FIs and domestic investors.


                      And when I see the shareholder list, I don't see any of these QIP people who have bought it are
                      still holding the stocks. So why those people have sold it, what made them sell the stocks
                      immediately after QIP? And my third question is about -- for last couple of quarters, we are
                      seeing INR1,000 crores to INR1,200 crores of sales every quarter. So why don't we do something
                      about increasing the sales, this quarter-wise it has to grow substantially because last couple of
                      quarters, this has been the scenario. So these are the 3 questions, I would be very happy if you
                      can reply.


Indrajit Mookerjee:   Yes, very intelligent questions. I think I will only answer the second one. And the first and third
                      one will be very amicably answered by our Managing Director, Sudipta Mukherjee. The second
                      question was why the investors are -- they have not stuck to us is an answer which we don't
                      know. It's very difficult to say why an investor, because various investors, as you know, yourself
                      is an investor.


                      So you invest for various purposes. Some people invest for long-term gain, some people invest
                      for quick gains. So it's very difficult. Some people, of course, feel very thin that the company is
                      not good. So if the third one is the reason, I can tell you that the future of the company is very
                      strong.


                      I have already mentioned to it why it is strong because we are -- our -- our 5-year plan, our
                      tactical plan are for wagons, for adjacencies, bringing in USPs in wagon, efficiencies in wagons,
                      designs in wagons, private and export market. So -- and also, we are also strongly playing in our
                      -- in the EPC business. So the market is very stable for us.


                      So answering the second question is that if some people -- if investors feel that the future is
                      wrong, I think I would like to disagree as we see because we are always -- and constantly we are
                      making our best efforts to stabilize the company so that it is very attractive for the investors. So
                      if there are other reasons for the investors to -- not to remain with us, it is a very difficult question



                                               Page 11 of 18
                                                                              Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited
                                                                                              November 12, 2025

                      for us to say why they go out, because there are strategies, I'm not aware of. So I would like to
                      hand over to Sudipta sir to respond to question number one and three.


Sudipta Mukherjee:    Okay. Thank you. So I just wanted to do in a combined answer because I mean, you see that last
                      year we did a top line of around INR5,100 crores, which is significantly -- a significant growth
                      on a year-on-year basis. Now in such a top line, our order book of 300, 400 here and there and
                      which is a continuous -- I mean, which is continuous in nature and still maintain the position of
                      growth and moving towards an improved direction should not be taken as a wrong indication.


                      It is not a question of capability. It's a question of overall scenario of what is available in the
                      market and also our faster and quicker execution. So the gap between this that how to make it
                      better and how to get it, we are aware of this and we are -- you will definitely see the upward
                      momentum or rather, I would say, a balanced momentum in terms of our growth trajectory of
                      execution as well as an order inflow.


                      The second is that why we do not finish it quickly because as I said, that every contract has its
                      own time line of delivery. So wherever it is possible, definitely would like to pre-pone. Wherever
                      it is not possible, so we cannot. Because it is a railway rolling stock, it has to line on an
                      infrastructure. It is not like that I can dump it anywhere.


                      So it has to be in line with that. And if we have picked up our production, definitely, we have a
                      few indications where customers are keen to take early delivery. And that's why I said that
                      whatever momentum you have or growth you have seen in the last quarter, we want to do --
                      remain on that or do better from there. And it's a continuous process. And definitely, if we have
                      indicated that we are capable to do 15,000, 16,000 wagon, as a company we are looking forward
                      to newer markets, newer horizons, newer continents to fulfil that capability match.


Indrajit Mookerjee:   Does answer your question, sir or there's something else?


Vishal Thakkar:       No, sir, I just want to add to it. My last question was about we are still stuck to that INR1,200
                      crores of quarter turnover. So are we going to jump from here? When can we expect that any
                      jump happening in this -- getting out of this INR1,200 crores per quarter turnover?


Sudipta Mukherjee:    So this INR1,200 crores per quarter is also -- you see that it is one of the highest compared to --
                      if you compare with a few quarters, then it's on a growth trajectory. We definitely believe we
                      can do better from here in line with our growth trajectory.


Indrajit Mookerjee:   We have different product mix to do that.


Vishal Thakkar:       So do you maintain the guidance for the next couple of quarters, we'll be able to at least match
                      at least 1,200 we'll be having or we will never go below this?


Sudipta Mukherjee:    Sir, we have always telling that we want to do better from here.


Indrajit Mookerjee:   I mean, to be very frank, we see growth. But as I mentioned a little while ago, when you have a
                      high base, your growth percentage will not be very high. But it will be high. It will be growing.
                      It depends a lot on the market.



                                              Page 12 of 18
                                                                              Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited
                                                                                              November 12, 2025

Sudipta Mukherjee:    No, one thing I would also like to add on your point is not only the -- don't only look at the
                      revenue or the top line because we also equally want to focus on the bottom line, not only in
                      terms of -- we do not only want to be number one in volume, but we want to be efficient company
                      where our return is more. Margins are higher.


Indrajit Mookerjee:   I think for you, we are trying to be the best performing company instead of the biggest company.
                      But in the process, we will also be biggest because today we are the biggest. We are the largest
                      wagon producers with 31% market share. That is what Sudipta had just mentioned.


Vishal Thakkar:       Last question about the debt...


Indrajit Mookerjee:   You can any time ask us questions, send us questions we will be very happy to answer.


Vishal Thakkar:       This is the last one. Are we expecting any additional debt because I think it's around INR800
                      crores, INR900 crores that we are sitting at now on net debt of around INR600 crores?


Sudipta Mukherjee:    It can grow -- I mean, see, it is not -- as you have very rightly questioned and the answer is there
                      in your question. I mean, it is -- sometimes it can be more, sometimes it can be less. While we
                      are constantly looking at the data for efficient debt service, but at the same time, on a -- we are
                      on a growth transition. So definitely, the first answer of your question that, yes, we may require.


Indrajit Mookerjee:   See, operating, we are -- our cash requirement is coming down because you would see that our
                      receivables have come down, if you look at the balance sheet. So our operating cash requirement
                      is getting more and more tighter and better because the ratio, if you look at the ratios, all the
                      ratios, quick ratios and inventory turnover, you will find out that we have improved from last
                      quarter to this quarter.


                      Now as Mr. Sudipta Sir has said that sometimes you may require fund for expansion, growth,
                      capital. So that is a secondary part. But operating, we are getting more and more efficient. And
                      you can check from these numbers, if you have any doubt, most welcome to talk to Mr. Kishor
                      Rajgaria or we have given an Investor Relations number. You can always talk -- send them
                      messages, and I -- all three of us will be very happy to respond.


Vishal Thakkar:       Thank you. That’s it from me.


Moderator:            Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Deeya Jain from Sapphire Capital.


Deeya Jain:           So the INR6,000 crores order book that we have, what is the execution time line for it?


Sudipta Mukherjee:    We -- it's a mix of all businesses. So far, rolling stock is concerned, we feel that it can go
                      maximum some of the residue may go up to the beginning of middle of next year. So far, the
                      infrastructure contracts are there, it is -- I think we have around 18, 20 months execution time
                      line. So you can say it is 30%, 40% would be executed within this financial year, of the infra
                      part of it, which is 50 -- around 40% of the over INR6,000 crores.


Deeya Jain:           That will be executed by next year?


Sudipta Mukherjee:    Yes.


                                                 Page 13 of 18
                                                                             Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited
                                                                                             November 12, 2025

Deeya Jain:          And also, sir, our Saira Asia, which does like passenger coach interiors, where are we on that?
                     Are we getting good profits from it?


Sudipta Mukherjee:   Yes. So when we took over, you know that it was not operating and it did not have any business.
                     We could have around a little less than INR30 crores order in the last year after we took over.
                     We are in a process of execution and well ahead of time. And we are happy to let you know that
                     while we are serving Indian Railways and we are working -- got some orders for Vande Bharat
                     and other stuffs related to that for the domestic market.


                     We are also being shortlisted for some -- by global measures for export. And we are hopeful that
                     very soon, we'll be able to give you good news of a long-term service out of India to those
                     European markets.


Deeya Jain:          That's update. And can we expect EBITDA margins in the higher teens for FY '26 or still we are
                     targeting lower teens?


Sudipta Mukherjee:   We are not targeting definitely lower teens. But target is -- continuous target is to improve on
                     the bottom line and to take it to higher teens. Yes, Texmaco is not going to do any business in
                     the way forward or rather in other way. We are positively looking forward to certain growth
                     businesses, while we have a strong focus to improve our present core business, take it towards
                     the mid-teens and we are in process of adding a few growth businesses, which will take us
                     beyond mid-teens. It will be on high teens in the coming quarters or coming years.


Deeya Jain:          All right, sir. Thank you. All the best.


Moderator:           Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Rajesh Bhandari from Nakoda Engineers.
                     Please go ahead.


Rajesh Bhandari:     Thank you, sir, for giving me once again the chance. Sir, I had a question related to debt. There
                     are 2-3 questions in the same question. For example, due to debt, the interest becomes around
                     INR120 crores in a year. Secondly, the QIP that we took, the QIP people left. You told that you
                     are giving it on lease to some people.


                     So, sir, those who are being given on lease, why don't we make them a partner? Plus, instead of
                     QIP, we can also issue rights. Then our finance cost will also be reduced in the process. Is that
                     possible?


Sudipta Mukherjee:   Yes, it is definitely possible. See, we move with a very clear financial strategy. So currently, we
                     do not think that we should -- see, you go for a QIP normally with certain very clear objective
                     in mind. We are not just retiring the debt and diluting the holding. It goes with certain growth
                     opportunities, improvement in profitability, etc., particularly at the EBITDA level because at the
                     EBITDA level only, you look at your operating efficiency.


                     That is before -- so we obviously are scanning it. In fact, we have a 5 years rolling plan in place.
                     So currently, we do not think the time is mature for going for another QIP. On the contrary, if
                     you would see that we are keeping on improving our cash flow by tightening the operation.




                                              Page 14 of 18
                                                                              Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited
                                                                                              November 12, 2025

                     So QIP is the easiest way to take some money and pay the debt. But instead of that, we are --
                     our debt equity ratio is very healthy. So this is the reason why we are currently not going for any
                     QIP. We definitely will try and look at the other ways of fundraising when we go for some strong
                     growth or strong reasons come up.


                     But we don't think it is necessary. On the contrary, I'm repeating, sir, that we are constantly
                     looking at tightening our operations to squeeze out more money out of this.


Rajesh Bhandari:     Yes, sir. And…


Sudipta Mukherjee:   In the balance sheet, there is an improvement.


Rajesh Bhandari:     Yes, there is. Sir, I did not mean QIP. The people whom you will give lease, wagons, etc. Make
                     them your partner. So, their long term will be this.


Sudipta Mukherjee:   Sir, there is one thing. Lease is not in our company. This is not part of our company. Okay.
                     Leasing is a different company. In which we have a joint venture. With a very famous, well-
                     known French company. The company is going to that company's book. Not in our company's
                     book.


                     But when we get something in the lease, we get to make it. Lease does not come in our company.
                     We have nothing. The leasing company is giving us a lot of money. If you look at our
                     consolidated results with the JV contribution. Because we are consolidating the leasing
                     company. We are consolidating it. It is being done by a French partner. But we get a lot of cash
                     from it.


Rajesh Bhandari:     No, I just have this much point, sir. Our EPS is 3 to 4. EPS only eats interest?


Sudipta Mukherjee:   That is the right thing. That is the right thing in the company. We are doing it for that. Don' you
                     think the best way is to improve your operation first?


Rajesh Bhandari:     Of course. That is there, sir.


Sudipta Mukherjee:   We have to do this for you. So we will do it.


Rajesh Bhandari:     And see, there will be more improvement. See.


Rajesh Bhandari:     Yes, yes. According to what you have said, probably in next 2 years, it will be something totally
                     different.


Sudipta Mukherjee:   We are expecting. Your good wishes will be there.


Rajesh Bhandari:     No, no, sir. Sure. There is a group in cash, sir. There is an advent group. Automatically it is
                     going to be too good.


Sudipta Mukherjee:   Thank you.


Moderator:           The next question is from the line of Vishal Thakkar from Balaji Investments.



                                              Page 15 of 18
                                                                               Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited
                                                                                               November 12, 2025

Vishal Thakkar:       Sir, I missed one important part. Few quarters back, you came out with this disclosure about
                      some land bank you have and you're going to convert into real estate development of Texmaco
                      Rail. Can you enlighten me what is the status of that? And what is the land bank we are looking
                      and the value of the land?


Sudipta Mukherjee:    See, actually, what is it? We have restructured our operations very well. We have a wagon
                      business. We also do hydraulic power station equipment. We make bridges. We have
                      restructured all this business. By restructuring all this, we have seen that we have a land parcel.
                      That parcel is in Kolkata.


                      The work that we used to do there, your non-wagon business, we can do it in another place by
                      merging. For this, our land became free. So the land became free. For this, we have thought that
                      we can develop that land. It is not that we are going into land business. We are not going into
                      land business. But that land became empty. For that, we have found a good point to monetize it.


                      In fact just now one of our investors asked me about the fund. This will improve the fund flow
                      a lot again. So...


Vishal Thakkar:       What is the land bank?


Sudipta Mukherjee:    This land bank is near Kolkata.


Vishal Thakkar:       What is the total area, like how many acres?


Indrajit Mookerjee:   It is 12 acres of land.


Vishal Thakkar:       And roughly, what is the value should be around?


Sudipta Mukherjee:    We cannot say the value because it is very premature to talk about the value right now, but the
                      land is about 12 acres.


Vishal Thakkar:       And when do you expect this to monetize?


Sudipta Mukherjee:    We start the work. It will take time. You know that it will take 12 acres to develop.


Vishal Thakkar:       So why don't we sell it right away and take the money and then cut off the debt instead of
                      developing it?


Sudipta Mukherjee:    We've looked at that, but we felt that developing is a better option than selling it because we get
                      better value out of it. And we are not in dire need of cash at this point of time. Our debt equity
                      is fine. You have seen the ratio. It is one of the best, if not the best in the industry. We don't have
                      any cash flow problem.


Vishal Thakkar:       Okay. No, just to reduce the debt so that increase in EPS can be...


Sudipta Mukherjee:    Yes, yes. It is possible. There are various ways you can reduce the debt. But we felt that we are
                      not in a hurry to immediately sell it at a price, whatever you get. We are not in a distressed sell
                      situation.



                                                Page 16 of 18
                                                                                  Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited
                                                                                                  November 12, 2025

Moderator:            The next question comes from the line of Hari Kumar, an Individual Investor.


Hari Kumar:           Okay, sir. Two questions, sir. One is regarding this, we have huge capacities in wagons and we
                      have Jindal and the NYMWAG JV is coming up. So are we envisioning any global push into
                      the wagons business, sir?


Sudipta Mukherjee:    Yes.


Hari Kumar:           To derisk the domestic market?


Sudipta Mukherjee:    No, Texmaco already dealing in -- I mean, we are the largest exporter of rolling stock from India.
                      I mean I'm happy to let you know that this year, Government of India has given us award that in
                      rolling stock and in heavy engineering, we are the number 1 in the country. So to -- I mean, this
                      speaks about what we do. So, our market is domestic. In domestic, there is government and
                      private. And till now, we have served around 16 -- 17 countries in the world. So -- and we are
                      continuously focusing on the growth of that business.


Hari Kumar:           Is there enough demand to absorb our capacity in the international market, sir. Is there a lack of
                      orders from the domestic market?


Sudipta Mukherjee:    I didn't understand your question.


Hari Kumar:           Is there enough demand in the international market, sir, to absorb our capacity? We don't have
                      any domestic orders?


Sudipta Mukherjee:    I still did not get it, but whatever I have understood...


Indrajit Mookerjee:   What is your question?


Sudipta Mukherjee:    Whatever I have understood, there are...


Hari Kumar:           Is there enough international demand to absorb our capacity, sir?


Sudipta Mukherjee:    Yes, yes, yes. That's what I have understood. So international demands are there. And because
                      world over, there is a push to infrastructural development and to move to greener solution of
                      transportation. So railway is one of the most greenest transportation and efficient transportation,
                      which directly impacts the inflation and GDP growth.


                      So which I think there is a greater consciousness all over the world that we have to invest money.
                      And there is a lot of public investment, government investment towards that, which is helping
                      the demand globally for rolling stock. The question is that how capable you are. And Texmaco,
                      as I said, that we have done almost in all continents.


                      So we have the required certifications, capability and technical acumen to meet that demand.
                      And a significant portion, even if any, there is a -- somewhere -- some country, there is a low,
                      we feel that we'll be able to make it up with good demand from the other part of the business --
                      I mean, export market.




                                               Page 17 of 18
                                                                                Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited
                                                                                                November 12, 2025

Hari Kumar:           The second question is regarding this 2 x 25 kV transmission. Like how is the government
                      funding for that, sir, because it's a new segment. And are we in any monopoly situation or
                      globally situation for sir, in that?


Sudipta Mukherjee:    It's not a monopoly situation. Government has come up. I mean, you see that the electrification
                      in India for railways is almost over. So this initiative in terms of the electrification, but this is an
                      upgrade, which government is doing and the financial plan and outlay has already been done.
                      The tenders have started coming, and we have started winning.


                      This is one of our -- and this business is growing significantly. So far, the electrical infra business
                      of Texmaco is concerned, we have almost 2 years order book and the contributions are in higher
                      teens EBITDA.


                      So I mean, although there is not a monopoly, but we have a very, very good, agile, efficient
                      system or capability within the company to serve this, and this business will grow significantly
                      throughout the network of Indian Railway. And here also, we are working here in this sphere
                      also, we are working for the export market, global market.


Hari Kumar:           Thank you, sir.


Moderator:            Thank you. In the interest of time, we will take this as the last question. And as there are no
                      further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to management for
                      closing comments. Over to you, sir.


Indrajit Mookerjee:   Thank you very much. I would like to first express gratitude from all 3 of us, Mr. Rajgaria, Mr.
                      Sudipta Mukherjee, our Managing Director and me for -- to all our investors for being with us.
                      I know that you have interest to the company, and I know that you would like to know what's
                      happening to the company and how we are taking it forward.


                      So only thing that I would like to conclude by saying that come what may, the market, good,
                      bad, fluctuating, cyclical, we are here for you to circumvent that and to take the business through
                      irrespective of the external factors.


                      And that's why the -- in the company, we make our strategies, we make our tactical plans. And
                      I hope that we will not fail you. We will continue to deliver good results to you so that you feel
                      comfortable remaining invested with us.


                      So with these few words, I would like to thank once again to all of you for your very patient
                      hearing. Our investor relationships and our communication numbers are available with ICICI
                      Security I-Sec. So through them, you are most welcome to address any questions, and we will
                      be more than happy to answer to them.


                      Thank you very much, all of you.


Moderator:            Thank you, sir. Thank you, everyone. On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this
                      conference. Thank you all for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines.




                                               Page 18 of 18
