Data Patterns (India) Limited — Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call
Held 31-Jul-2026, 12:30 IST. Source: transcript pasted by operator (auto-transcribed; verbatim, uncorrected).
Management: Mr. Srinivasagopalan Rangarajan (Chairman & Managing Director); Mr. Venkata Subramanian Venkatachalam (CFO). Moderator: Go India Advisors (Prayasi Patel).

===== TRANSCRIPT BEGINS =====

Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Data Patterns India Limited Q1 FY27 earnings conference call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star zero on your touchstone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Miss Pasi Patel from Go India Advisor. Thank you and over to you ma'am. Thank you Va. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to Data Patterns India Limited call to discuss Q1 FI27 earnings call. We have the senior management of the company on the call. Mr. Sranga Rajan, chairman and managing director and Mr. Weneta Subman, chief financial officer. We must remind you that the discussion on today's call may include certain forward-looking statements and must be therefore viewed in conjunction with the risk that the company may face. May I now request Mr. Ranga Rajan Sur to take us through the company's business outlook and financial highlights subsequent to which we will open the floors for the Q&A. Thank you and over to you sir.

Thank you Pasi. Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen and a warm welcome to all of you to the Q1 FYI27 earnings call of data partners India Limited. We sincerely appreciate your continued trust, support and participation. I hope all of you had the opportunity to review our earnings presentation. It has been uploaded on the stock exchanges and our company website. Before Vener takes you to the financial performance, I'd like to share a few key business updates and our outlook for the coming quarters. The quarter marks another important step in a long-term growth strategy as our strategic investments over the past several years are beginning to translate into tangible business business opportunities and stronger market positioning. We continue to witness healthy customer engagement across multiple defense programs with increasing opportunities for larger value and complete contracts. We secure orders across avionics, radars, electronic warfare and automatic test equipment programs from various customers including Ministry of Defense VRO and Bramos reflecting the growing confidence in our technology capabilities and execution track record. We also continue to pursue several large opportunities that are currently at various stages of discussion and evaluation. A key milestone for us has been successful transition of server products from the development stage to complete system solutions. This significantly expands our addressable market and enables us to participate in larger and higher value programs. With differentiated capabilities, we're trying to convert them into single vendor opportunities. We're also leveraging our existing technology platforms and reusable building blocks to develop new products faster and more cost effectively improving both scalability and speed to market. Our order book stands for 2654 crores including negotiation providing a healthy revenue visibility over the coming years. Our international order book currently stands at 39 crores and we continue to actively engage customers across global market. markets to expand our export footprint. We also remain confident of securing around 2,000 crores of fresh order inflows during FI27 over and above the orders already received and negotiated. The policy environment also remains highly favorable. The government's continued focus and higher indigenous country defense procurement is creating significant opportunities across the ecosystem including the armed forces, defense PSUs and private sector companies. With a strong in-house design capabilities and proven execution track record, we believe data pilots is well positioned to benefit from this structural opportunity. Another encouraging development during quarter has been initial traction in our drone and counter drone business where we have started receiving orders. We believe that this business will become an important driver growth driver as demand for indigenous unmanned and country solutions continue to increase. Coming to the quarter revenue trajectory continues to remain on track as indicated earlier. We continue to invest in strengthening our engineering talent and future capabilities resulting in higher employee cost base is expected to remain elevated over the coming quarters. In addition, changes in the product also impacted margins during the quarter. There are conscious investments that strengthen our long-term competitive position and prepare us for larger opportunities ahead. Looking ahead, the outlook of the Indian Defense sector remains highly encouraging support by a robust order pipeline expanding product portfolio increasing export opportunities in favor of policy policy content. We remain confident of achieving our fullear guidance growth guidance at 2025% revenue growth while maintaining aid margins in 35 to 40% range. We remain committed to investing in the technology innovation indigenous capability development while creating sustainable long-term value to all our customers. With that, now I hand over the floor to our CF Pro for the financial performance in greater detail.

Thank you sir. Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen and thank you all for joining us today. Let me take you through the financial highlights for the quarter of first quarter of financial year 2027. Revenue from operations for Q1 FI27 stood at 116 cr registering a healthy 17% year-on-year growth driven by continued exe ution across our diversified defense programs. Gross profit increased to 16% yearonear to 91.5 cr while gross margins remained strong at 78.9%age reflecting the high value nature of our product needs. EITA stood at 31.4 cr with an EITA margin of 27%age. Margins during the quarter were impacted by high employee cost associated with capability expansion and changes in the Product mix profit after tax stood at 22.1 cr with a pack margin of 19%age reflecting a temporary impact due to uneven quarterly revenue. The company continues to maintain a strong balance sheet remaining net debtree with cash bank balances and investments of rupes 530 cr as on 30th June 2026 providing ample flexibility to support future growth initiatives. Our audible stands at 920 cr at as on 30th June 2026 with orders received in July and orders negotiated the order currently stands at 2654 cr we remain focused on disciplined execution operational efficiency and prudent capital allocation as we continue to invest in technology and support the company's long-term growth with that I would like to open the floor for question and answers thank you

Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press star and one on the touchstone telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, you may press star and two. Participants are requested to use handset while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question Q assembles. The first question is from the line of Har Kraat from IFL Capital. Please proceed.

[Q — IIFL Capital] Thanks for the opportunity sir. Uh first question would be with regards to other expenses. So while our gross margins have largely you know not changed much on a y basis. Uh despite only 17% sort of growth in revenue our other expenses have risen by 64%. So is there anything uh that is peculiar about other expenses in this quarter?

[A — Mgmt] Uh see increase in other expenses. is due to some additional repairs and maintenance cost which is incurred because the facility is now going through some revamping. So we had to spend some additional expenditure on repairs and maintenance and also uh close to 2 crore we have additionally provided for uh against the long pending receivables as per our policy. These two have contributed increase in other expenditure otherwise it's in line with our budget.

[Q — IIFL Capital] Sir and sir on revenue uh in the press release uh sir alluded to the fact that you know there were some temporary delays in customer approvals and we are expecting normalization in the coming quarters. If you could provide some information there sir is there any quantum of revenue that was basically slipped from recognition of this current quarter because of this issue.

[A — Mgmt] Uh we can't be specific because it involves customers and I can't talk about open channel. uh we have these issues. We had these issues in the past also where products are ready. Yeah. But inspection doesn't come because their own requirement to deliver is probably got delayed. So automatically they don't come to expect but these are all aerations which continue to be there as long as we dependent on them with the you know the auto book model being very near. So this issues will come in the picture. We try manage it by other orders, executing other orders. See that our projections are maintained. But sometimes it is not feasible because we are not a quarter to quarter business. We a yearly business and all the projects are long-term. So it is not a production month-to-month day on day production business. So obviously it has an impact on our revenue quarter to quarter. But having said that the important thing is to how to elevate this quarter to quarter performance deviation is to see that the order books substantially goes up for at least three years of our uh revenue projection then we will be able to position to say what quarter wise we should do and how do we deliver this. So data patterns is leaning towards getting a sizable order book in the coming year or so two years see that we cross the three auto revenue projections then we should be able to in a better position to handle this kind of problems. So uh I think you need to bear with me for some time till the book starts coming the way we want. We've invested substantially in product development, continue to invest substantially in differentiated products where we stand alone in some of the markets and those are very desperately needed by our mod. So as and when that happens uh the order book will substantially increase and we believe that uh our revenue will be met quarter to quarter as we go along. It's going to take a bit of time till now we need to be patient on a yearly model of growth. what you have.

[Q — IIFL Capital] Got it. So that's really helpful. So one last question before I fall back in the queue. There are uh order book orders negotiated but not yet a part of our order book now stands at about 17 odd billion rupees 1726 odd crores. Uh sir if you could just help us with the timeline uh as in you know how should we expect this to turn into order book? Should this convert into order book in the in the say for example in the next 6 to 9 months. Uh what is the average conversion uh timeline to conversion to order book for these orders that have been negotiated.

[A — Mgmt] Okay, this question was asked during our AGM warning and uh I am more slipped answer this question. So uh anyway we will write to the sharehold shareholder and address this. See this auto book uh normally should not take this long time to get converted into contracts but in this particular situation because of a long a big program and the program magician delays on finalizing the program before the order can get placed. It went through certain approval stages and it took a lot more time. It's taken additional 6 months than what it is. The whole program has been stretched to more than one and a half years because with some of the contracts we expect out of the programs no negotiation is completed order couldn't happen but what I'm told now is they've taken additional extension for another two months from us. So we expect that two months those contracts should happen and uh also some the orders we expected. Uh we the order has got postponed. We didn't negotiate the orders. We did some negotiation but got lot of protracted negotiations. That's also coming to an end now. So that's why these orders will get converted in next few months in my actually it has converted a week two weeks time but maybe converted in three months uh to give a safer side and the order book is there and we have already negotiated this contract. These are all long-term larger contracts and that is how the exhibitions and delays are happening. On top of that, we've also told as part of opening remarks other than the contracts which you are seeing now with auto book, we're also pursuing some very large simulator contracts. The extent of another 2,000 crores which we expect to happen during the course of this financial year. So I think the order has slowly started growing the way we want in the coming years substantively is what we believe.

[Q — IIFL Capital] Got it. So that's really helpful. I have more questions. I call back. Thank you, sir.

Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rishika from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.

[Q — Goldman Sachs] Uh good afternoon sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Um sir, could you please share an update on the testing of Java ports for 230 along with the revenue contribution you're expecting from this in the medium terms? That's my question. Thank you sir.

[A — Mgmt] Okay. As that product is going on well the developer stage customers had a view the product delivered the product and they have said they're quite happy with the progress we made on the board. So we are going through the qualification exercises to uh you know maybe out aircraft and fly we believe that uh that should happen before December and should have the first trials to start by then maybe a few months of flight trials once you satisfy the requirement or specifications I think the commercial uh portion should start after that. So I can't I don't want to uh out I have a number in mind of course we know what we're working on other we don't want to invest in money but I think it's not appropriate to talk about a future order it's not as common as an inquir tender and to say how much business we expecting out of it there are two two kinds of contracts we're expecting these are all several thousand crores uh and at the present moment we're unique to position in these contracts exact value we would not like to disclose at the present moment towards closing contract happens I expect in maybe next two years time this contract start happen and that's the right time to announce this yeah we're working very large opportunities and we took money from the money to fund such development programs we confident on our IP creation and our build multi- what do you say engineering approach building the part building system building the electronics building the algorithms it seems that it's a complex system goes to quite trials. We're taking it as a challenge to do this because we need to scale our business substantively uh in the coming years. So that is why we doing deep deep kind of product development larger horizon maturity but we on track.

[Q — Goldman Sachs] Thank you sir. Uh so secondly could you please share more color on why did we have lower margins this quarter and how are you expecting this to pan out in the coming quarters? for FI27

[A — Mgmt] actually we didn't have lower margin uh I don't know look at the last margins the last margins are higher than what is probably done last quarter last year last last year first quarter uh but what happens to the overhead rates are fairly high because whether the we deliver products or not this year this quarter continue to spend on legal expenses which is probably one of the highest in our industry we spend on that then expend dollar expenses right off state that is another cost uh depreciation and all basically uneven revenue uh in quarters you have to look at it only annual uh because the revenue is uh not distributed evenly uh through all the quarters and the expenditures remaining almost the same quarter wise the contribution from uh gross margin uh that is distributed with a higher cost the margins are seen lower Otherwise we are confident of achieving the full year you know targeted margins. Yeah. Yeah. Our budget was was in the year in targets quarter to quarter it will vary depending on what is the level of uh turnover we achieve. It's very much in line with our internal targets. If revenue is one quarter is 1/4 then the margins will be same. Since the revenue is not equally distributed across the quarters you're finding the so-called evida margin coming down. That's not true because the last volume remains very healthy. That's the actual fact.

[Q — Goldman Sachs] Sure sir. Thank you.

Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deepen Wakil from Philip Capital. Please proceed.

[Q — Philip Capital] Hi uh thank you for this opportunity and congratulations on decent execution. Uh so my first question is on order info sir. So uh one thing is that we have like negotiated contract for 70 billion 17 billion and of that I believe that last quarter we had mentioned that HL has like an uh order of more than say 10 billion so whenever it gets converted into order book what would be the time uh timeline of execution of that order considering that it's one large order from single client

[A — Mgmt] okay see I this this varies with the contract uh varies with the customer delivery because long take a sale they deliver the aircraft over a period of years. So then it is the order is given one lot execution takes over a period of time so that is one if it's a project order the value is high project execution maybe is about uh 18 months 24 months then the project has to be exe within those time frame if it's a small subsistence or which is due uh then the deliveries are faster but all contracts take longer delivery time based on the actual application and the demand of what has to be delivered developed and delivered and integrated and accepted. This this actually varies from few months to maybe few years. So unless we work with every product order I can't answer the question correctly. But uh of late I also was pretty decent delivery in over two to three years time. We actually expected for are higher delivery delays that they are saying okay so we uh this is being negotiated whatever we've talked now on the negotiated do not do not include h contracts we are under discussion all these things negotiations are on place um I found that a lot of people are asking questions to me directly regarding portal um uh release that we are L1 in one large contract I didn't comment on it because uh we are undergoing negotiation. It's a single bit of contract negotiations initiated and we're going to negotiate as and when it happens we'll announce it in the stock exchanges and on our website.

[Q — Philip Capital] Got it. Got it. Increasing to hear that it's out of beyond the 17 billion negotiated contracts already. So yeah, that helped. Uh so uh my uh second question is on the lines of counter drone business and export business that you mentioned. that are gaining traction. So what could be the product portfolio likely that is gaining traction and are we supplying the complete platforms or we are looking at more of from a subsystem simply for the counter tone business as well.

[A — Mgmt] We are not in the platform business as a block we send business. So uh we have two or three areas where we can do counter drone. One is active detection that is in radars to build the full which are required in quantities for uh counter requirements and operators that we fully developed and we have a some unique products there which meets uh requirements which is not yet addressed in India and so it is imported now so we believe we have a a good order pipeline we have we've already started getting contracts as we go along we expect the far more healthier order on the active detection second is the passive detection of uh for counter drones that is on electronic intelligence and communication intelligence. Think about what is happening in the drone and then locate where the door is, direction of the drone and then uh this is another area. So we we've already done a host of products in uh electronic intelligence modernizing this contra market size and uh that also is almost getting ready. We expect contracts to happen there also. The third area is in not only just detecting but also to a counter measure as with jamming or jamming is to be done. We have products which built for the jamming also see that the signals jam on the on on communication into the jam but also the so there's a group of of us working on this products we believe will cover the entire specification some of the applications also very varied because they're coming drones and they want to even target the drones into the end uh uh projectile. So there also the direction or the the radar and resource sub systems are required by them. So there's a requirement var various kinds of requirements are coming up from the market and MOD has decided to place an order of a multitude of these vendors to experiment 10 20 systems from each. So um number of them have started approaching us for uh suitable uh sensors for all these applications. So we're working with them and I think the next 3 to 6 months time this uh contract should start getting fortified and we should grow this. This is on the uh counter zone area on the exports we continue to build uh for the last many years single passes for radars airborne radars for uh UK company and uh now we started getting a first order we got last year for an antenna redesign of an antenna for an obstruction management for a fighter aircraft system. So we will be delivering in the next 6 to 8 months time. There's also a lot of interest in the same organization. It's a multinational very large corporate in other areas. We're giving proposals to many of these systems and they're very keen to see that use these systems because the time frame which we're talking about is far far lower than what they expect their own organization to build especially with Europe having manpower shortages in this area and sudden requirements of contracts and scaling up you find There are a lot of opportunities getting created for us with our competency in building products daily timelines which is very short. So I expect that business also in the next few months time multi-million dollar business we should start getting third area we are also looking at civil aviation kind of solace management and upgrades again very large OEMs uh in the US we expect that those contracts will also start coming in and exposed see our normal business has been in DRO MOD public sector what the business has been here. Uh we want to now look into the new markets which is an export business where we do product development. Our IP goes into their requirements and the market sizes are becoming much bigger. So there I can also look at a business which is even annoying business not just project. So very keen we're putting an export group to address the market and I think in the next two three years time scaling substantially into export business should also start.

[Q — Philip Capital] Yeah. Got it. So yeah. Uh so just one last question if I can squeeze in. So uh can you comment on your acquisition on ST advance and what is it targeted at? Namely as to what kind of project whether it is like and how it can increase our market uh market opportunities. So are we targeting it mainly for like MC 29 upgrades and 30 upgrades or there is a much wider u application for this acquisition?

[A — Mgmt] Technically very sound company. small company very sound and uh very innovative organization. We believe that sensor radar business we also have to have requirement composite for re both for electronic intelligence as well as for radar requirements. This one area we're already giving contracts for it and we getting the products there from them which is working very well for us. It's also supplying to bar electronics and other organizations very advanced composites for aircraft systems and 29 etc. So the important is to try to see whether we can enhance the capabilities hold it into larger requirements which we have in India and abroad both India and abroad along with our sensors and parts of systems is a requirement of composite. So if you can combine this together if you hold system rather than publish the system customers are much more happier because they take a full contract for the system. So we thought this is the right approach to build an ecosystem which can feed each other's uh uh capabilities and grow it overall some game will go up. So that's the reason we took it up and we need to do a lot more work to bring this company up where it is today to a much larger scope of business and uh we have a lot of ideas that kind of uh capabilities which is the the the promoter of the company has and we've had some discussion with him. We want to spend more time ideate with him invest in the company to see that infrastructure is created and look at long-term velopment plans for these contracts where we have a sustainable business model for it growth. So at the present moment it's a bit too early because yesterday only finalized with the go and we need to spend more time and work on the strategy but yes it's a small company but we believe it's a important acquisition to both that company as well as us that we can give a product offering as a whole and also look at some export business which will directly go to him as well as to us see that uh we increase services.

[Q — Philip Capital] Got it. Sir, thank you so much for answering my question and all the very best for FI27.

Thank you. The next question is from the line of Venit Prasad from Invest Capital. Please proceed.

[Q — Invest Capital] Um, hi sir, good afternoon. Um, just a couple of questions. Um, one is if you can uh broadly highlight larger platforms which you are focusing on. uh to participate in not as a platform uh um but more as a uh system subsystem developers uh and that too not from uh a near-term perspective but over the next uh 3 to 5 years where all can we participate and contribute that's number one um and number two uh just wanted uh to hear u your take on himshaki uh project u where is that we were going to receive a few orders have we received those or u where is the project what's the project status there

[A — Mgmt] okay on the larger platforms there's a male program and bigger h programs is kicking up uh large company tenders uh as a sensors developer most of these are all now on the existing vendors are all of imported origin we believe we should make a mark providing our products in these areas in terms of radar warning receiver comment uh communication intelligence electronic intelligence the IFFF radio relays there's so many other satcom uh down links radar links there's so many areas which we can work on as a full system and give indigenous contribution to these kind of big programs larger uh larger platforms we're actively engaging with two three companies to offer them uh to these go through criterials with them see that repeat requirements can come in numbers as you go along the market is changing from man to unman So there's a lot more opportunities to come. The same thing also will be applicable outside India. So on a combined system if you can do this in India along with the platform which also exported. So these are exciting uh new opportunities where we already have existing competencies and products which are already grown. I need to tweak it for the particular platform in mind and see that we go through hires with them. So this is one area we're looking at. We're also looking at a smaller drones for various other surveillance applications. We can output the systems. We are continuously getting calls from various UA manufacturers to see how can we give sensors for their birds. So we are exploring all those opportunities where competency exists and a mutual benefit in terms of giving a proper product the end customer has a very high fast turnar around time can be addressed. So these are areas which we can do in terms of platforms. We're also now looking at try to build plat these kind of products or enable platforms. Here we want to start discussion now on giving very modern systems for these uh AI platforms in Navy and uh and also some of the upgrades which India is going through for uh various aircraft upgrades which goes through same sensors which we talking about in terms of GW and radars can get provided in that again we're looking at testing those markets the first question which is asked on the on the SPJ is one such requirement is electronic suite getting uh you know developed for the super platform which is going to 270 aircrafts. So similar aircrafts are there multiple systems are happening and also um is also taking up a number of um airborne 2 and whole lot of other projects which MMA and things like that where we feel that uh our sensors can go fit into the programs as we want and work our specifications. So on a product level we have assessing markets and seeing that we can reuse these products for various there are number of such applications it will take a lot of time we will go through it but I'm giving you a flavor of the drone business there's a lot more uh areas where we can actually look into the applications the products for those kind of end applications as regards mhm I think we delivered the original products now requirement SNS is another program is talking about they've been discussion with us uh I can't tell you whether they've received the RFP and back to work maybe we do something uh I'm still not uh I don't have good data with me but yes interactions are wrong with some of the products which is Google and Z should be uh they are also talking to us to see whether this can be fitted for the next generation platforms in the meantime we are also upgrading our technologies in this adding more value in terms of not just the uh hardware and software but also the front end also the antas. So we have a large antler division now we design it so optimally solution end product not depending on for the companies and uh defined for the applications give you much better product performance also we not keeping quiet the last two years done a lot of development all the areas and the development is still on the future generation programs and communication intelligence RWR and things like that we're not waiting for the contract we ahead going ahead building the products will be ready next Over time we expect that uh with the technology edge which we have should be able to convince the customer and the end user that uh these are the appropriate products for their requirements but I can't comment exactly on when the contact will understood

[Q — Invest Capital] understood um and so lastly uh on the hawk radars which you've developed um have we have we found any uh application out there um uh uh or any any way to monetize what we've built uh and um uh could that find a way into um um sue 30 upgrades or uh some of those larger uh platforms u so any any discussions with the customer any indications where we can you know monetize uh such a fantastic product uh anything on that front

[A — Mgmt] sure we we've done the hardware for both Nick as well and super But then we need the software for them. Original concept was we get the software from somewhere it didn't work out but the hardware we went ahead and developed this class. So we are in discussing the to see whether we can collaborate with them for uh putting this together. We're also in discussion with the Russian counterparts on the OEMs to see whether both are going ahead. I can't very clearly say which will happen when faster. We expect in the next two to three months time we should get some breakthrough in this and our systems can get uh the software can be ported and then we go to flight trials. After that we're also investing in extendation uh the hawk program and next generation uh radars which will be what is production oriented line but also we're going to develop in the next six months time as the first contracts come in we'll be ready with the second the more advanced systems of that nature will also be available to give a technology age to the end customer. So we are waiting for this to happen in the meantime we're also developing our own software now with this started their own software rare one platforms um using UAVs as a platforms for our trials which is what some of some of our customers wanting us to do. So we are also going on the third thing that let us develop the systems as a complete system then we are not depend on any organization on technology to drive the business orientation that also we've initiated. So it'll take a few more months before we get a correct path. as to where it is going to go. But yes, we are determined to see that these products work and fly and putting efforts to see that the more modernizing the system, learning from mistakes, correcting it, building the additional software capabilities, do a whole lot of other stuff to see that this project is successful. But it takes some more time before I can uh uh give you more data on when the possible success can happen.

[Q — Invest Capital] Understood. Understood. Uh thank you so much sir.

Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kavesh Parik from 361 Capital. Please proceed.

[Q — 361 Capital] Hi sir, thanks for the opportunity. Uh sir, do we have an update uh regarding Ramos? Uh we have been supplying fire control systems for the same and also have been working on developmental orders for seekers. Any color on timelines for receiving commercial orders for the seekers?

[A — Mgmt] We expect this to happen this year, this financial year. Um but the approvals and qualifications take time products are ready as the qualification is completed by trial. I think the contract should or even qualification over itself contract should happen believe that it should happen this year. We expect it earlier but there's some delays. Anyway, we can expect this to happen in before end of this year. One of the predictions which we have for for this year uh review under product intake. So not the revenue but product intake this year.

[Q — 361 Capital] Further do you have any comments on development of new subsystems for Ramos? Uh if we do that what incremental wallet share um are we targeting to gain here and lastly again we've seen Ramos has seen increased interest from a few countries and we have also from other suppliers to the program about them ramping up capacities for those respective components. U how are we placed to meet the growing demand for Bamos

[A — Mgmt] see uh what happens is once you develop a product various vendors are developed towards the boss together those are getting contracts those who have done that are getting contracts for particular things which you have done but uh I don't see uh so easy to change the supplier redevelop and qualify the systems so I don't expect that much to happen the volume is coming with the more orders from them actual recorders will come to us what we expect and we'll deliver this. So that is one part second also they're talking about the next generation if the next gen happens and they don't select us for some of the programs for this we'll be very happy to see that our business to them also can go they have the capability but whether it will happen or not is something we cannot guess the capability is through a whole lot of stuff the last 20 years the normal capability is happening in the error patterns across domains. So we can do very fast turnover time depending on our needs. But that's all I can say today.

[Q — 361 Capital] Got it sir. Thank you so much. All the very best.

Thank you. A request to all participants. Please restrict your questions to two question per participant. For more questions please please join the queue. The next question is from the line of Neil Obal Sahu from JM Financial please proceed.

[Q — JM Financial] Hi sir, good afternoon. Thank you for the opportunity. Uh am I audible? Yeah. Uh so my first question is on this existing order book of 2600 crores. Can you give us some color of like how much of these are production and what level would be development orders?

[A — Mgmt] I don't know. I'm not classified accordingly. Give you that. answer.

[Q — JM Financial] Thank you. Will you have a classification of

[A — Mgmt] sorry sir can you please come but not give you no no I I have not classified it I I I don't have a needed answer but link is only into orders and seeing uh giving you the data but the second question if you have

[Q — JM Financial] uh sure secondly on this order prospect that you have of 20 to 40 billion These would include uh the potential hal order as well as the brahmo seekers order. Is that understanding right?

[A — Mgmt] Yeah. Seeker also is a potential order until the contract comes through everything is potential only. So yes prospects right?

[Q — JM Financial] Pardon?

[A — Mgmt] These are included in our prospects for uh 20 billion of single vendor orders that we are targeting.

[Q — JM Financial] Yes. Yes. And the HAL order would also be included in in the same prospect.

[A — Mgmt] Um I I believe so some portion of it I believe. So 20 million. Yeah. Okay. As part of the addition order additional 20 billion it is included not as part of the negotiated.

[Q — JM Financial] Uh understood understood. Uh also sir can you highlight some of the prospects that are currently under development aside of Brahmos wherein you are expecting conversion to production orders like over the next two to three years. Uh okay to not mention the uh quantum but just broadly on the product lines.

[A — Mgmt] See we uh I don't know how long you've been following data patterns but we spent a substantial amount of money in developing uh uh space you know air defense longrange radars. Those are very very well appreciated by the customer. The systems have been delivered and uh you know they believe they're strategic importance to India. So there is a drive from the customer base multiple such contracts would have to be executed across India to see that we are protected from the space free vehicles and things like that. So back to back I expect in the next one and a half in two years time substantive business running with a few thousands of crores for such contracts where we have a competency established in terms of electrochenic systems, cooling systems, electronics software everything put together the The complete radar will be the first company to do that in India under development is us and it is well received by the customer. We believe some more orders to them. This is a very exciting time for us and already there are some inquiries in this area modified systems has already been delivered to for applications which is on air defense. So there is a number of contracts we're expecting out of that which are not shown in this 2 billion or whatever 50 billion we talk about. is expected probably because still no inquiries have not come so we not included all of those things. So once and then it happens and we have a hold of this when the water comes we'll launch it but yes uh we we we think we are looking at a larger business proposition of a of a addressable market of more than 40 to 50 billion you know for a billion I billion yeah 4,000 cr no it should be around 40 40,000 50,000 crores is the we trying to address markets with our products. So we're looking at a very large size product mix and a lot of complex systems in this but that's where the direction of the compan is being driven today. So it's a very large growth as you go along if we are successful but of course these are all in future but yes the permanent products we're talking about in this already work well so we expect repeat contracts and uh all of these areas as we go ahead uh we are expecting subst ive growth in the coming years one based on already executed contracts new products in development I don't want to be specific on what products being developed uh on an open forum now but uh we have very clear which markets you want to address and we want to address it and then we are developing products for those markets even whatever you deliver has got a substantive protection for uh several thousand crores of additional business going ahead

[Q — JM Financial] it's If I may squeeze in a small question uh uh lastly uh what is the capeex plan that you have for the next two years?

[A — Mgmt] Yeah, there is another thing which we are going to spend money. We're spending money on product development. We're also spending a whole lot of capex maybe 200 crores plus we should be able to be spending more than that in the next two years time for infrastructure abilities. We want to build a nice story building car parks and things like that and also some clean rooms. some integration facility and in the last contracts after this come the volume will come into picture where we need to set up production lines and test equipment in process testing see that the reliability is maintained and delivery schedules also meeting custom requirements are done so we'll be a lot of investments will have to happen we started the investments actually we started the foundation work already in the building and some of the uh some of the infrastructure equipment also placed in order the pizza units are coming here as large investments will happen in the next one to two years time as we go along because we'll do this in parallel uh to order expected. So the execution also is is kept in mind to do this. We can't do it sequentially. We doing it par substantive income but uh involve more than 200 crores plus 15 200 crores minimum that based on the requirements. Yeah. And today we also investing a lot of server server money because of AI. There's a lot of investments also happening on computer service IT infrastructure to support the AIdriven initiatives with the companies taken up very seriously. So these are investments which will be made in the coming year or two years.

[Q — JM Financial] Got it sir. Thank you so much.

Thank you. The next question is from the line of Arab an individual investor. Please proceed.

[Q — Individual investor] Hello Sir, am I audible? Yes. Uh sir, uh I firstly just wanted to understand uh you know uh there's a question put to you I think one year or two years back around space and at that point of time I think they had basically deferred it but u what is your stand now in that area of thing because I I believe that we are seeing sort of some traction in that sector. Uh do we stand the same

[A — Mgmt] We discussed this in the board meeting yesterday also. Yeah, we discussed this. We have a capability to do it with different satellites but we need an order book to do that or on an indication of a contract for us to investing. We have the money. We have the competency to do this. We have taken money to actually invest in building those satellites. We actively doing a basic design work which is doing but whether it be commercialized and go ahead this is depending on our interaction with the government. Find out uh whether the funding will happen and uh the actual need there is a need but that has been postponed because mostly uh department of space addresses the need and now what happens a lot of startups in the space so they are all doing everything free of cost they're getting valuations and getting free of cost they're trying to develop these kind of space systems and satellites now we won't want to take that model so we'd like to have a an understanding we don't mind investing now but we need to look at the revenue model as you go along and the bottom line business go along capability exists but I'm still unsure about what investments will happen from government and uh then based on which we'll take a decision we given ourselves in a 3 to four months time to see that we take a decision on how to proceed with this so that's where we are now and as and when some clarity happens I will definitely inform the investors

[Q — Individual investor] thank you sir uh my second question will be will be around aggregation. Uh I mean uh I do understand that this is sort of a backward integration uh for our uh like for our business but uh you know but we won't bring any value to this subsidiary this business of ours right like we're not capable of material science uh how do we plan on you know grow this company from grow grow that particular pyramid company from here what is our stance on it how how do you plan to do anything about it on the future.

[A — Mgmt] Contribution contribution company doesn't have to come only on technology. Contribution to the company comes from revenue growth, bottomline business, process and uh proven process and validation, reach to customer. Uh okay. Addressing new markets, so many things come when a small company is there isolated very very diffic it's very difficult for them to address and even access the market space and they mostly quote on lowest code basis. and make a lot of loss. This is what maybe happens mostmemes. So you need to graduate from that to see that you have access to markets and you have access to investments. You don't get into cash flow issues and also to see that revenue businesses for new markets. It's also brought in by the larger uh uh company. I believe we are uh we will do that for uh this company bring in the larger market audiences. as they expose themselves to bigger requirements and larger requirements which can scale can happen substantively. Bring in the investments necessary see that we can deliver on the promises made to end customers. Whole lot of other thing on our process uh whatever we developed over the many years to strength of our process see the mistakes don't happen the quality consciousness QA procedures and inspection systems what we can do and see that the process is also then passed on seealizing homogizing the whole system. This is where we think we can add value and we will bring substantive business as you go along to this company. This is our belief. I believe we will do this. It takes a bit of time but I think we will do that.

[Q — Individual investor] Uh thank you sir just one last suggestion.

[Moderator] Can if you can interrupt you Mr. Ara but can you please rejoin the queue?

[Q — Individual investor] Uh no yeah I had no questions. I was done. Thank you.

Thank you. A request to all participants please restrict your question. to two question per participant. For more questions, please rejoin the queue. The next question is from the line of Krishnan Sha from DAM capital. Please proceed.

[Q — DAM Capital] Uh hi sir, thank you for taking my question. So I just wanted to understand one thing that was uh the development of the hogbased data that you're talking about. As I understand Astra microwave is the DCP partner for it. So just wanted to understand what are we trying to do there.

[A — Mgmt] Um the hawk radar is ours. There's no partner.

[Q — DAM Capital] No radar is yours, sir. But what I'm trying to say is DCP partner.

[A — Mgmt] Uh it's not a DCP partner here. AA is a DCP partner for LCA variant not variant as I understand. Maybe they have one part of the antenna being supplied by them and also a second customer supplier. So they're developing the products. Uh they have independent uh develop stream from Dr. They're doing it in parallel. So, uh that's where it is. So, it depends on whether we can qualify our product with uh and get a contract or we don't qualify and and they qualify it and they get a contract. So, both are possible.

[Q — DAM Capital] So, okay, just to understand for my uh understanding s so basically the DRDO is going to be making the software bit and the Astra is going to be making the hardware right. So, the integration will be done by DRDO. So, just to understand like If you're making the hawk radar so the software will ultimately have to come from DI if I'm not right if I'm not mistaken right

[A — Mgmt] I tell you this is one one option other option we can develop the software and not support it software can come in third world countries also other country also so it's a full product offering air force per se uh do not mind where it comes from they're willing to give us the uh the aircraft platform to fly and qualify it process have to go through the requirements have to come up. So it is not specific that uh only this will happen only that will happen market is open. It is up to us to prove that we the product is capable and prove to customer that this makes better sense. So then we will get a contract. So that is what we're trying to aim not really anybody else but it's a parallel path which we're designing and see here we the whole system every other part is also Not just the antenna single processor, the cooling systems, vapor compression machine, everything else the entire including the red we can develop. So with the other part company we have so a whole lot of stuff we can develop as the end system to take the uh you know load off to the end customer and maintain that for the next 20 years. So there are advantages in one or the other. We're trying to see whether uh we can give an offer an advantage to DRDO to see whether we can work together to build a a faster uh program product meeting and specifications. Can we do that? So this is based on technology we're trying to push it. Let us see where it goes.

[Q — DAM Capital] Got it. Thank you so much sir. Thank you so much. Really helpful.

Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abijit Singh from systematics. Please proceed.

[Q — Systematix] Thank you for the opportunity sir. Uh my question is on the naval program sir. There's been a lot of capex on the naval fight. Uh so do we have uh any plans to increase our share of coming from the naval programs? I correct me if I'm wrong but right now our exposure overall uh if you look across the three services I think in terms of naval exposure we are comparatively lower. You can correct me if I'm wrong there. Uh but what is our plan going forward in terms of development and production the participating in production programs for the naval side given that we have a substantial market uh a lot of capex happening on the platforms uh in the

[A — Mgmt] we hope to work with DRDO on the platforms on developing some for example we are actually doing parts of system it doesn't actually go to Navy from us we work with a for sonar uh subsystems the basic communication links to son boys all this has been done and that has been procured by bar electronics and others we're also building some of the products uh on the air systems for the enable applications also we're doing we also got there couple first orders from the for the radar for uh naval applications two radars for nation also go multiple as you go along similarly our radars which has been hardware has been designed and software done by requirements 30 systems for host guard we hope that uh we can win that contract so on census like this we're doing it now we're also trying to do an outreach to do that on comm on electronic intelligence we do directly with the navy so he is going to start dialogue with them and fit an aircraft fit the systems naval platform they're going ahead what we can do we're also talking to navy in terms of their m29 and other aircrafts where the jammers and things like that they require we're trying to outfit and upgrade the existing jammers meeting their applications. There is an advanced stage of accept you know uh probably flight trials very soon once it is done some contracts will happen then as well as the air force because similar requirements are there there also so we're doing a whole lot of stuff in sensors like this and uh we we are going to see whether more opportunities can be created uh we have a neural officer in in Delhi working with us and his task is to find out in our areas of expertise we look at some applications. So we've identified a few and we need to pursue on them

[Q — Systematix] right sir. Uh and lastly on the order inflow prospects of 20 billion that you mentioned for the current year uh sir what is the risk of those orders getting delayed because uh those orders would be linked to some some of the large projects that you know we are expecting part of the subsystems that we intend to provide. So what are the risks that you see that those 20 billion worth of orders within them that they could uh you know uh get delayed to FI28 or beyond uh given that you have some kind of delay in the

[A — Mgmt] are already on tenders are already on we already addressed tenders and given the tenders that is why I've given myself 9 months and contacts can happen much before that this contact should happen what we've not projected to you in a pipeline is the is not happened. We expect a substantive much larger business. Trend has not happened based on already delivered products. Trend has not happened. That's why we not projected it. The pipeline we're looking matters the market. That's why I say more the 40 m market you're looking at and where where products equent address those markets. So as and when things come nearer to uh tending stage or clarity or order happens we market.

[Q — Systematix] Thank you sir. Thank you for answering my questions.

Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhavya Gandhi from Bajad Alternate Investment Managers. Please proceed.

[Q — Bajaad Alternate] Yeah. Hi sir, thanks for the opportunity. So just wanted to understand what would be the market size or the adjustable market for our key products. If you can just uh help me understand that. And second question was regarding the counter drone uh business that we are looking at. Uh what could be the total revenue or order wins over next couple of years. Yeah, that's it from my

[A — Mgmt] Okay. Um if I start investing in products with a addressable market value of uh about uh 30,000 crores and based on what we've already developed repeat contracts, we're looking at another 10 to 12,000 crores. So we address the market about 40,000 crores. Uh we have an estimates when this will happen but it's a bit premature for me to talk about it now because it's not come to a stage where I can disclose these things but that is the market size the idea is take this AP and start product development to see that we scaling from a small company to a large company and we actively doing that we're getting a differentiated products which uh we were class developed in house with our money and uh take it to uh take it to trials convince customer that the products working well so that the immediate needs are addressed so that is the idea with which we took money and we spending money in this. We're also spending continuous money on our year early learnings also. We spend a lot of money on building products for immediate next year kind of customer requirements so that we get a unique position in this with demonstrations and products out beating specifications that the customer wants. We continue doing that market size is very large and also we're looking at seeing whether we can address markets India which can be even larger as you go along. So both the civil aviation as well as different markets we want to look at. So we're putting a team together to look at those markets with our competency in engineering. Can we address them? The idea is to build a substantive scale u substantive size as we go ahead from here and uh grow the business uh very fast is what we're planning to do. But it's taken us many years to come here. We expect that in the next one or two three years we should do multiple times what we've done last year is what we are expecting it to happen with a lot of books. also much larger audible size gives us a comfort zone of we investing ahead and going to other areas. We have fairly ambitious targets set for ourselves and I think we are in the right track going there and meeting those targets. Uh so with the AI coming investing a lot in AI see the product development and even the process within the auto organizations modernized and modified so that their technical skill sets are much higher to see that we get products in programs as well as process to address the large markets and accelerated product development delivery. So these are what we're trying to do. So size of the markets is uh very large and we are trying to build products for that. The second question you asked was it's in the beginning stages uh goods are getting sold. We need to get number of players in the market. So some of them are talking to us. Let us build a few systems and deliver it in market performance then I'll be able to answer the question of size of grow business where you're going trying to again reuse building blocks what we've done earlier the cost of development is brought down and also the size and numbers are going to be low need to have infrastructure production but also we also buting the production calibration infrastructure to start the market as soon as the contract happens we believe that contact will happen several under course contact will happen in the course of this year but that is not projected as uh positions. It's not covered in the 20 billion because these are new things. Inquiries have not come believe it will come and we should take business what we think but uh anyway this is the future so we can't comment much on it on when exactly it will happen but we're working towards the product development area and making customers in these areas.

[Q — Bajaad Alternate] So on the 40,000 cr adjustable market that would be spread across how many years that is marketable?

[A — Mgmt] I don't want to say this because I have no control over the market when it will happen. So we will not talk about it at the person. Uh we sufface to say that uh we gearing oursel up products are getting ready the products are already some are ready already delivered some are getting ready and uh to get a substantive scale you need addressable markets. Uh it's very easy to say you know uh so much of billions of dollars is being spent by two crores is being spent by India on defense that means I can it's not that I can do two lakh crores with them. It's not going to be possible. So we need to have addressable products where with our technology products it meets the requirements gives you a competitive edge we can convert it. So I'm looking at uh how to carve out this addressable markets what products are necessary. So we started a bit back not the today starting this started a bit back with the new technologies and applications coming in trying to adapt the competency and knowledge base to address new markets which we didn't think was possible two years back. So a lot of things are opening up today. We're very excited today like a startup uh to uh to see that we can develop these products for these markets. But this time with a conscious uh uh mind that it's a business and we need to end not just make the products and satisfied but also make the bottom line out of it. The earlier days of my life only doing the product was more important than the business. Today I can't company. We have a board which is more responsible to do that. So we are mindful of all that making very clear plans and the visions how pract much much much larger um revenue and bottom line is direction is clear direction is clear commitment is clear work diligently and honestly I don't see why we can't get that contract as you want

[Q — Bajaad Alternate] Right. Got it. Thank you so much and all the best sir. That's it from my end.

Thank you ladies and gentlemen. Due to time constraints that was the last question for today. I now hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you sir.

[Closing — Mgmt] Thank you. Thank you. Uh thanks all of you for joining us in this uh Q1 conference call for investor call. U I'm very happy to answer any of your questions within the restrictions of uh what I I can share but I've been more than open with most of my interviews with you and the questions have been answered much more in depth is what I see. Um the only thing I want to give impression is uh that uh one we have substantively different kind of uh technologies multi-disiplinary technologies the last two to three years time where we have developed delivered air radars which involve enormous enormous mechanical capability design was designed by us more than 100 engineers in mechanical design within the company. We call ourselves electronics engineering company. So we designed very accurate uh input positioning very large platforms payloads of 140 tons movement mechanisms for all of them all designed by the cooling systems. So many things you've done which to make the system engineering capability instead of outsourcing everything we've done ourselves here. So building a competency model not just in electronics but electromagnetic systems and applications and creating infrastructure in terms of people, capability as well as production and testing cost to see that and address future markets as we go along. All these products you've done has got substantive requirements going ahead in the next two to three years time. I believe our customers will face see us favorably based on the execution you done and the quality and the reliability of the product delivered. I believe that they will come back to us more such requirements which is what we're hoping for and uh also we're building uh infrastructure to address the rational it happens through that. This is one portion. Second is we've taken a you know a full investment in radars and electronic workers and communication systems which are all maturing and especially the EW is maturing to a very large stage. We go through qualifications and practice expect large business to happen after that. As long as you meet customer expectations we do we will we will make a best to see that meet and excel you meet customer expectations going fast and these things are also required. other programs outside India. So we'll also address those markets as you go along. Probably another six months to one year from now. Once the product become more uh visible, we should be able to address the markets. So this is another area where we bring substantive growth. The third area now with AI coming in, we're trying to build whole lot of products and capabilities and uh finetune our products technology increase product capabilities in all these areas and uh come out with a whole lot of exciting products in the next one year, one and a half years or so to address new markets which can be also several thousand crores. So India is changing the markets are changing worldwide. India is also catching up and changing Indian entrepreneurs are also ready to get stand up and rate counted. Uh the sky root is one such organization we did their own launch is outstanding. So we have a lot of companies we've been trying to work with the OEMs uh platform suppliers to see whether the senses we can do together and uh so that's another exciting thing which we're trying to do and we're not waiting for a contract we're developing products taking it to trial go through flight trials get it ready so that by the time contracts happen they're there and these are required numbers as you go along because much lower cost of fighter aircraft and this is much lower cost and u redundancies that we made available here so market the applications are changing so we want to adapt also the application the common uh have common scientific basis on what we've done with all the component availability and new technology coming with AI coming want to be a breast of all of them see that we give world class products very fast the third area we will be focusing on is exports to see that we get new opportunities which we never looked at very seriously now we seriously looking at it because people who have come here from both US and Europe and the UK who all found our capabilities is good they found our process is very good. So they are inclined to engage us uh in specific programs. I expect that this will start in the next few months and it'll expand and with one success we should be able to see several success going ahead and we also put a team to look at markets to see how we can contribute to faster delivering faster around world class subsystems and products that and as soon as our product become ready we can also sell it to the western or non or the other world to see that we are competitive, reliable and those products can be done. Idea is to build the full systems and take it global as and when possible but look at Indian markets which is very large address the market test it here take it global see scale can happen we are very conscious of what we're doing very determined to do what we're doing we're very happy with our shareholders supporting us through with this kind of shareholder support investor support. We believe uh the sky's is a limit. We can do a whole lot of stuff. Nothing we could do this much with so much money and so much of capability and infrastructure and development capability and process which we've embied making mistakes over so many years. If we can trust on them, build further with the youngsters with a lot of enthusiasm, a lot of passion, we should be able to build larger scale, larger products and take it global. So this is our dream and we living our dream right now. will grow the business very fast is what we believe. Thank you very much for uh listening to me, listening to us. If you have any further questions, do write to uh go India and we'll be very pleased to answer all your questions. Thank you once again.

Thank you. On behalf of Go India Advisor, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.

===== TRANSCRIPT ENDS =====
