[page 1]
 
Accord Transformer & Switchgear Limited  
(Formerly Known as Accord Transformer & Switchgear Private Limited) 
Registered Office:- Unit No. 724, Seventh Floor, Eros Corporate Park,  
K Block, Sector2, IMT Manesar, Gurgaon, Manesar, Haryana, India, 122052 
CIN:- L31500HR2014PLC052544 
Mobile: +91-8527422944, Email: info@atsgroup.in, Website: www.atsgroup.in  
____________________________________________________________________________________________________________  
Factory 1 : Plot No. H1-39 (F1 & F2), RIICO Industrial Area, Khuskhera, Bhiwadi, Distt. Alwar, Rajasthan - 301707 (INDIA) 
Factory 2 : Plot No. E-11 (E82), RIICO Industrial Area, Khuskhera, Bhiwadi, Distt. Alwar, Rajasthan - 301707 (INDIA) 
 
______________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 
September 03, 2026 
To,  
BSE Limited  
Listing & Compliance Department  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai,  
400001, Maharashtra, India  
 
Company Symbol   : ACCORDTS  
Company Scrip Code   : 544710 
Company ISIN    : INE132201018 
 
Subject : Submission of Notice of 12th (Twelfth) Annual General Meeting and Annual Report for the Financial Year 
2025-26 
  
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 34(1) and Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
we are submitting herewith the Notice convening the 12th (Twelfth) Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) along with the Annual 
Report of the Company for the financial year 2025-26. 
The Notice of AGM and Annual Report are being dispatched through electronic mode to all Members whose e -mail addresses 
are registered with the Company, the Registrar and Share Transfer Agent ("RTA"), or Depos itory Participant(s). Further, in 
accordance with Regulation 36 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, a physical letter containing the web link to access the Notice 
of AGM and Annual Report is being sent to those shareholders whose e-mail addresses are not registered. 
The Notice of the 12th AGM and Annual Report FY 2025 -26 are also available on the Company’s official website at 
https://atsgroup.in/ . 
The relevant particulars pertaining to voting are as under: 
 Cut-off date for determining eligibility to vote: Saturday, September 19, 2026 
 Remote e-voting period: 9:00 A.M. (IST) on September 23, 2026 to 5:00 P.M. (IST) on September 25, 2026 
 E-voting agency: Central Depository Services (India) Limited (CDSL) 
 Annual General Meeting – Saturday, September 26, 2026 
This is for your information and records. We request you to take the same on record.  
You are requested to kindly take the same on your record. 
Thanking you,  
Yours Faithfully, 
For Accord Transformer & Switchgear Limited 
(Formerly Known as “Accord Transformer & Switchgear Private Limited”)  
 
               
Pradeep Kumar Verma 
Chairman & Managing Director 
DIN: 05113022                      
Place: Manesar, Haryana 
[page 2]
NOTICE OF 12TH ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT THE 12TH ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING (“MEETING”) OF THE MEMBER(S) OF THE ACCORD 
TRANSFORMER SWITCHGEAR LIMITED (FORMERLY KNOWN AS “ACCORD TRANSFORMER SWITCHGEAR PRIVATE 
LIMITED”) (“COMPANY”) WILL BE HELD ON SATURDAY, 26 th DAY OF SEPTEMBER 2026 AT 01:30 P.M. IST THROUGH VIDEO 
CONFERENCING (“VC”)/ OTHER AUDIO- VISUAL MEANS (“OAVM”), TO TRANSACT THE FOLLOWING BUSINESS:
ORDINARY BUSINESS:
1. TO RECEIVE, CONSIDER AND ADOPT THE STANDALONE AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE COMPANY FOR 
THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2026, TOGETHER WITH THE REPORTS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND 
AUDITORS THEREON
 To pass with or without modification(s) the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
 “RESOLVED THAT the Audited Financial Statements for the year ended on 31st March 2026 together with Statutory Auditors 
Report and Boards’ Report as circulated be and are hereby received, considered and adopted pursuant to Section 129,134 
and 137 and other applicable provisions, if any of the Companies Act, 2013.”
2. RE-APPOINTMENT OF MRS. SHALINI SINGH (DIN: 07036391), WHO IS LIABLE TO RETIRE BY ROTATION AND IF 
THOUGHT FIT,
 To pass with or without modification(s) the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
 To re-appoint Mrs. Shalini Singh (DIN: 07036391), who retires by rotation in terms of Section 152(6) of the Companies Act, 
2013 and being eligible, seeks re-appointment:
 “ RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 152 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, 
Mrs. Shalini Singh (DIN: 07036391), who retires by rotation, be and is hereby re-appointed as a Whole Time Director of the 
Company liable to retire by rotation.”
 The profile of the Whole Time Directoris enclosed herewith as Annexure-A
SPECIAL BUSINESS:
3. ALTERATION IN THE OBJECTS OF THE INITIAL PUBLIC OFFER (“OFFER”) FOR WHICH AMOUNT WAS RAISED
 To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as a Special Resolution:
 “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 13(8) and Section 27 of the Companies Act, 2013, read with Rule 7 
of the Companies (Prospectus and Allotment of Securities) Rules, 2014 and Rule 32 of the Companies (Incorporation) Rules, 
2014; Regulation 32 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015; Regulation 281A read 
with Schedule XX of the SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018; and all other applicable 
provisions, if any, each as amended from time to time, and subject to such other approvals, permissions and sanctions 
as may be necessary, the consent of the Members of the Company be and is hereby accorded to vary the objects of the 
Issue as stated in the Prospectus dated February 26, 2026, by reallocating an amount of ₹700.00 lakhs (Rupees Seven 
Hundred Lakhs only) from the object “Capital expenditure towards purchase of machinery and equipment” towards a new 
object, namely “Construction of building/civil structure on the Company’s property and expansion of plant capacity”, 
situated at Village Shekhpur Aheer, Tehsil Tijara, District Khairthal-Tijara, Rajasthan -301411, as per the details tabulated 
below:
(₹ in Lakhs)
Sr. 
No.
Object of the Issue As per 
Prospectus 
dated Feb 
26, 2026
Utilised till 
September 
02, 2026
Unutilised 
as on 
September 
02, 2026
Proposed 
(post-variation)
Unutilised 
Amount 
1 Capital expenditure towards purchase of 
machinery and equipment
1,302.67 – 1,302.67 602.67
2 Funding of working capital requirements 1,000.00 931.59 68.41 68.41
3 IPO issue expenses 255.85 255.85 – –
4 Construction of building on Company’s property & 
expansion of plant capacity
0 0 0 700
Total (Refer Note -1) 2,558.52  1,187.44 1,371.08 1,371.08
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in the event the proposed variation is dissented to by 10% or more of the Members present and 
voting on the resolution (through remote e-voting or otherwise), and less than 75% of the amount raised for the said object 
Annual Report 25-26 40
Accord Transformer & Switchgear Limited 
[page 3]
stands utilised as on the date of the meeting, the promoters or shareholders in control of the Company shall provide an exit 
offer to such dissenting shareholders strictly in accordance with the conditions and manner prescribed under Schedule XX 
of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018 read with Regulation 281A thereof.
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors (including any Committee thereof) or the Company Secretary of the 
Company be and are hereby severally authorised to take all such steps and give such directions as may be necessary or 
expedient, including, without limitation, filing requisite forms/returns with the Registrar of Companies, and to settle all 
questions, difficulties or doubts that may arise in giving effect to this resolution. ”
	 Note	 1:	-	The	above	figures	pertaining	to	utilisation	and	unutilisation	of	the	Issue	proceeds	have	been	verified	and	
certified	by	P .K.	Lakhani	&	Co.,	Chartered	Accountants,	vide	certificate	dated	September	02,	2026.
4. TO APPROVE IMPLEMENTATION OF THE ‘EMPLOYEE STOCK OPTION PLAN” or “ATSL ESOP 2026”
 To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as Special resolution:
 “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 62(1)(b) and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies 
Act, 2013 and the rules made thereunder, Regulation 6 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based 
Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021, as amended from time to time (hereinafter referred as “SEBI SBEB 
Regulations”), the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, and in accordance with the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company and subject to such other 
approvals, permissions and sanctions as may be necessary and subject to such conditions and modifications as may be 
prescribed or imposed while granting such approvals, permissions and sanctions, the Members of the company be and is 
hereby accorded to the introduction of  Employee Stock Option Plan 2026’ (hereinafter referred to as “ATSL ESOP 2026” / 
the “Scheme” or the “Plan”) authorising the Board of Directors of the Company to create, issue and grant not exceeding 
5,00,000 (Five lakhs) employee stock options (hereinafter referred to as the “Options”), in one or more tranches, from time 
to time, to eligible employees as decided, which in aggregate exercisable into not more than equivalent number of Shares 
of face value of Rs. 10 (Ten) each fully paid up, on such terms, conditions and in such manner as the Board and Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee may decide in accordance with the provisions of the applicable laws and the provisions of 
the Plan.
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the option granted with each such Option conferring a right upon the Employees shall have a 
right to apply for one Share in the Company in accordance with the terms and conditions as may be decided under the Plan.
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the maximum number of Options under “ATSL ESOP 2026” that may be granted to any Employee 
in any year shall in aggregate be lesser than 1% (one percent) of the issued equity share capital (excluding outstanding 
warrants and conversions, if any) of the Company.
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in case of an Option expires, lapses or becomes un-exercisable due to any reason, it shall be 
brought back to the Options pool and shall become available for future Grants, subject to compliance with all Applicable 
Laws.
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT where Shares are issued consequent upon Exercise of an Option under the ATSL ESOP 2026, 
the maximum number of Shares that can be issued under ATSL ESOP 2026 shall stand reduced to the extent of such Shares 
issued.
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Shares as specified hereinabove shall be issued and allotted to the Option grantees upon 
exercise of the Options in accordance with the terms of the grant and provisions of the Plan and such Shares shall rank pari 
passu in all respects with the then existing Shares of the Company.
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in case of any corporate action(s) such as rights issues, bonus issues, change in capital 
structure, or other re-organisation, the ceiling aforesaid in terms of the number of Shares reserved under the Plan shall 
be adjusted with a view to facilitate fair and reasonable adjustment to the eligible employees as per provisions of the SEBI 
SBEB Regulations and such adjusted number of the Shares shall be deemed to be the ceiling as originally approved.
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in case of Share split or consolidation, if the revised face value of the Share is less or more than 
the current face value as prevailing on the date of coming into force of this Plan, the maximum number of Shares available 
for being granted under ATSL ESOP 2026 as specified above shall stand modified accordingly, so as to ensure that the 
cumulative face value prior to such Share split or consolidation remains unchanged after such Share split or consolidation.
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorised to take requisite steps for listing of the Shares allotted 
under the Plan on stock exchange where the Shares of the Company are listed in due compliance with SEBI SBEB Regulations 
and other applicable laws.
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Company shall conform to the accounting policies prescribed from time to time under the 
SEBI SBEB Regulations and any other applicable laws and regulations to the extent relevant and applicable to the Plan.
Business Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
Annual Report 25-26 41
[page 4]
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorised at any time to modify, change, vary, alter, amend, 
suspend or terminate the Plan subject to consent of the shareholders by way of a special resolution to the extent required 
under the applicable laws including the SEBI SBEB Regulations and to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as may 
at its absolute discretion deems fit, or instructions as may be necessary or expedient to give effect to such modification, 
change, variation, alteration, amendment, suspension or termination of the Plan and do all other things incidental and 
ancillary thereof.
By Order of the Board
For Accord Transformer & Switchgear Limited
(Formerly known as Accord Transformer & Switchgear Private Limited)
Sd/- Sd/-
Pradeep Kumar Verma Shalini Singh
Chairman and Managing Director Whole Time Director
DIN: 05113022 DIN: 07036391
Date: September 03, 2026
Place: Gurgaon , Manesar
NOTES:-
1. Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) vide its General Circular No. 03/2023 dated 25 September 2023 read with the circulars 
issued earlier on the subject (collectively referred to as ‘MCA Circulars’) and SEBI vide its Circular No SEBI/HO/DDHS/P/
CIR/2023/0164 dated 06 October 2023 read with the circulars issued earlier on the subject (collectively referred to as “SEBI 
Circulars”), have permitted holding Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) through VC/ OAVM, without physical presence of the 
Members at a common venue.
 In compliance with the MCA Circulars and SEBI Circulars, the provisions of the Act and the SEBI Listing Regulations, the 
12th AGM is being conducted through VC/OAVM herein after called as “e-AGM” . In view of the same, the registered office 
of the Company shall be deemed to be the venue of the AGM.
 The Company has appointed CDSL Depository to provide Video Conferencing (VC) / Other Audio-Visual Means (OAVM) 
facility for the 12th Annual General Meeting and the attendant enablers for conducting of the e-AGM.
 The Notice of AGM along with the Annual Report for FY 2025-26 is being sent by electronic mode to those members whose 
e-mail address is registered with the Company/Depositories, unless a member has requested a physical copy of the same. 
Members may note that the Notice of AGM and Annual Report for FY 2025-26 will also be available on the Company’s 
website https://atsgroup.in/ websites of the Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE SME at https://www.bseindia.com/ and of CDSL 
www.evotingindia.com
2. Since the AGM is being held through VC/OAVM, a route map to the venue is not required and therefore, the same is not 
annexed to this Notice.
3. Members attending the meeting through VC/OAVM shall be reckoned for the purpose of quorum under Section 103 of the 
Companies Act, 2013.
4. Members can join the e-AGM 15 minutes before and after the scheduled time of the commencement of the Meeting by 
following the procedure mentioned in the Notice.
5. Members are informed that in case of joint holders attending the Meeting, only such joint holder who is higher in the order 
of the names will be entitled to vote at the meeting.
6. Appointment of Proxy and Attendance Slip: Section 105 of the Act read with Rule 19 of the Companies (Management and 
Administration) Rules, 2014 provides for appointment of proxy to attend and vote at a general meeting on behalf of the 
member who is not able to physically attend the AGM. Since the 12th AGM is being held through VC/OAVM and in accordance 
with the MCA Circulars, physical attendance of Members has been dispensed with. Accordingly, the facility of appointment 
of proxy would not be available to the Members for attending the 12th AGM and therefore proxy form and attendance slip are 
not annexed to this Notice.
 Corporate shareholders/institutional shareholders intending to send their authorized representative(s) to attend and vote 
at the 12th AGM are requested to send from their registered e-mail address, scan copy of the relevant Board Resolution/ 
Authority Letter, etc. authorizing their representative(s) to vote, to the Scrutinizer on her e-mail ID at csanumalhotra0403@
gmail.com
7. Members who have not yet registered their e-mail addresses, bank account details and mobile number are requested to 
register the same with their Depository Participants (“DP”) since the shares are held by them in electronic Form.
Annual Report 25-26 42
Accord Transformer & Switchgear Limited 
[page 5]
8. The relevant details, pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), as applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and Secretarial Standard on 
General Meetings issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India, in respect of Director seeking appointment/ re-
appointment at this AGM are also annexed to this Notice.
9. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 124 of the Companies Act, 2013 and other applicable provisions of the Companies 
Act, 2013 and rules made thereunder, there are no unclaimed dividend amounts pending for transfer.
10. Investor Grievance Portal maintained by Registrar and Transfer Agent (RTA).
 Members are hereby notified that our RTA, KFin Technologies Limited based on the SEBI Circular (SEBI/HO/38/13/
(4)2026-MIRSD-POD/I/4298/2026) dated February 06, 2026, have created an online application which can be accessed at 
https://www.kfintech.com/
 Investor Services – Investor Support
 Members are required to register / signup, using the Name, PAN, Mobile and email ID. Post registration, user can login 
via OTP and execute activities like, raising Service Request, Query, Complaints, check for status, KYC details, Dividend, 
Interest, Redemptions, e Meeting and e Voting Details.
 CDSL e-Voting System – For e-voting and Joining Virtual meeting
1. As you are aware, in view of the situation arising due to COVID-19 global pandemic, the general meetings of the companies 
shall be conducted as per the guidelines issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) vide Circular No. 14/2020 dated 
April 8, 2020, Circular No.17/2020 dated April 13, 2020 and Circular No. 20/2020 dated May 05, 2020. The forthcoming AGM 
will thus be held through video conferencing (VC) or other audio visual means (OAVM). Hence, Members can attend and 
participate in the ensuing AGM through VC/OAVM.
2. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 of the Companies (Management 
and Administration) Rules, 2014 (as amended) and Regulation 44 of SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations 2015 (as amended), and MCA Circulars dated April 08, 2020, April 13, 2020 and May 05, 2020 the Company is 
providing facility of remote e-voting to its Members in respect of the business to be transacted at the AGM. For this purpose, 
the Company has entered into an agreement with Central Depository Services (India) Limited (CDSL) for facilitating voting 
through electronic means, as the authorized e-Voting’s agency. The facility of casting votes by a member using remote 
e-voting as well as the e-voting system on the date of the AGM will be provided by CDSL.
3. The Members can join the AGM in the VC/OAVM mode 15 minutes before and after the scheduled time of the commencement 
of the Meeting by following the procedure mentioned in the Notice. The facility of participation at the AGM through VC/OAVM 
will be made available to atleast 1000 members on first come first served basis. This will not include large Shareholders 
(Shareholders holding 2% or more shareholding), Promoters, Institutional Investors, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, 
the Chairpersons of the Audit Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee and Stakeholders Relationship 
Committee, Auditors etc. who are allowed to attend the AGM without restriction on account of first come first served basis.
4. The attendance of the Members attending the AGM through VC/OAVM will be counted for the purpose of ascertaining the 
quorum under Section 103 of the Companies Act, 2013.
5. Pursuant to MCA Circular No. 14/2020 dated April 08, 2020, the facility to appoint proxy to attend and cast vote for the 
members is not available for this AGM. However, in pursuance of Section 112 and Section 113 of the Companies Act, 2013, 
representatives of the members such as the President of India or the Governor of a State or body corporate can attend the 
AGM through VC/OAVM and cast their votes through e-voting.
6. In line with the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) Circular No. 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020, the Notice calling the AGM has 
been uploaded on the website of the Company at https://atsgroup.in/ . The Notice can also be accessed from the websites 
of the Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited at www.bseindia.com. The AGM Notice is also disseminated on the website of 
CDSL (agency for providing the Remote e-Voting facility and e-voting system during the AGM) i.e. www.evotingindia.com.
7. The AGM has been convened through VC/OAVM in compliance with applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read 
with MCA Circular No. 14/2020 dated April 8, 2020 and MCA Circular No. 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020 and MCA Circular 
No. 20/2020 dated May 05, 2020.
8. In continuation to this Ministry’s General Circular No. 20/2020 dated 05.05.2020 and subsequent circulars, including 
General Circular No. 03/2025 dated 22.09.2025, it has been decided to allow companies to conduct their AGMs through VC 
or OAVM until further orders, in accordance with the requirements laid down in Para 3 and Para 4 of the General Circular 
No. 20/2020 dated 05.05.2020.
Business Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
Annual Report 25-26 43
[page 6]
 THE INTRUCTIONS OF SHAREHOLDERS FOR E-VOTING AND JOINING VIRTUAL MEETINGS ARE AS UNDER:
Step 1: Access through Depositories CDSL/NSDL e-Voting system in case of individual shareholders holding shares in demat 
mode.
Step 2 : Access through CDSL e-Voting system in case of shareholders holding shares in physical mode and non-individual 
shareholders in demat mode.
(i)  The voting period begins on 23rd September, 2026 and ends on 25th September, 2026. During this period shareholders’ of 
the Company, holding shares either in physical form or in dematerialized form, as on the cut-off date 19th September, 2026 
and from 23rd September, 2026 may cast their vote electronically. The e-voting module shall be disabled by CDSL for voting 
thereafter.
(ii)  Shareholders who have already voted prior to the meeting date would not be entitled to vote at the meeting venue.
(iii)  Pursuant to SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated 09.12.2020, under Regulation 44 of Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, listed entities are 
required to provide remote e-voting facility to its shareholders, in respect of all shareholders’ resolutions. However, it has 
been observed that the participation by the public non-institutional shareholders/retail shareholders is at a negligible level.
 Currently, there are multiple e-voting service providers (ESPs) providing e-voting facility to listed entities in India. This 
necessitates registration on various ESPs and maintenance of multiple user IDs and passwords by the shareholders.
 In order to increase the efficiency of the voting process, pursuant to a public consultation, it has been decided to enable 
e-voting to all the demat account holders, by way of a single login credential, through their demat accounts/ websites 
of Depositories/ Depository Participants . Demat account holders would be able to cast their vote without having to 
register again with the ESPs, thereby, not only facilitating seamless authentication but also enhancing ease and convenience 
of participating in e-voting process.
Step 1 : Access through Depositories CDSL/NSDL e-Voting system in case of individual shareholders holding shares in demat 
mode.
(iv) In terms of SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided 
by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat 
account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are advised to update their mobile 
number and email Id in their demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility.
Pursuant to abovesaid SEBI Circular, Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meetings for Individual shareholders holding 
securities in Demat mode CDSL/NSDL is given below:
Type of 
shareholders
 Login Method
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding securities in 
Demat mode with 
CDSL Depository
1) Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through their existing user id and 
password. Option will be made available to reach e-Voting page without any further authentication. 
The users to login to Easi / Easiest are requested to visit cdsl website www.cdslindia.com and click on 
login icon & My Easi New (Token) Tab.
2) After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-Voting option for eligible 
companies where the evoting is in progress as per the information provided by company. On clicking 
the evoting option, the user will be able to see e-Voting page of the e-Voting service provider for casting 
your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting. 
Additionally, there is also links provided to access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers, so that 
the user can visit the e-Voting service providers’ website directly.
3) If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at cdsl website www.
cdslindia.com and click on login & My Easi New (Token) Tab and then click on registration option.
4) Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing Demat Account Number and PAN 
No. from a e-Voting link available on www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will authenticate the 
user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the Demat Account. After successful 
authentication, user will be able to see the e-Voting option where the evoting is in progress and also 
able to directly access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers.
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding securities 
in demat mode with 
NSDL Depository
1) If you are already registered for NSDL IDeAS facility, please visit the e-Services website of NSDL. Open 
web browser by typing the following URL: https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer 
or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-Services is launched, click on the “Beneficial Owner” icon 
under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section. A new screen will open. You will have to enter 
your User ID and Password. After successful authentication, you will be able to see e-Voting services. 
Annual Report 25-26 44
Accord Transformer & Switchgear Limited 
[page 7]
Type of 
shareholders
 Login Method
 Click on “Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services and you will be able to see e-Voting page. Click 
on company name or e-Voting service provider name and you will be re-directed to e-Voting service 
provider website for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & 
voting during the meeting.
2) If the user is not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available at https://eservices.
nsdl.com. Select “Register Online for IDeAS “Portal or click at https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/
IdeasDirectReg.jsp
3) Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL:  
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of 
e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ 
section. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat 
account number hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on the screen. 
After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see 
e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider name and you will be redirected 
to e-Voting service provider website for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining 
virtual meeting & voting during the meeting
4) For OTP based login you can click on  https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.
jsp. You will have to enter your 8-digit DP ID,8-digit Client Id, PAN No., Verification code and generate 
OTP . Enter the OTP received on registered email id/mobile number and click on login. After successful 
authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page. 
Click on company name or e-Voting service provider name and you will be re-directed to e-Voting 
service provider website  for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual 
meeting & voting during the meeting.
Individual 
Shareholders 
(holding securities 
in demat mode) 
login through 
their Depository 
Participants (DP)
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through your Depository Participant 
registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility.  After Successful login, you will be able to see e-Voting 
option. Once you click on e-Voting option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after 
successful authentication, wherein you can see e-Voting feature. Click on company name or e-Voting 
service provider name and you will be redirected to e-Voting service provider website for casting your vote 
during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget Password 
option available at abovementioned website.
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related to login through 
Depository i.e. CDSL and NSDL
Login type Helpdesk details
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in Demat mode with CDSL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL helpdesk by sending a 
request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no. 1800 21 09911
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in Demat mode with NSDL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL helpdesk by sending 
a request at evoting@nsdl.com or call at : 022 - 4886 7000 and 022 - 2499 7000
Step 2 : Access through CDSL e-Voting system in case of shareholders holding shares in physical mode and non-individual 
shareholders in demat mode.
(v)  Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meetings for Physical shareholders and shareholders other than individual 
holding in Demat form.
1) The shareholders should log on to the e-voting website www.evotingindia.com.
2) Click on “Shareholders” module.
3) Now enter your User ID
a. For CDSL: 16 digits beneficiary ID,
b. For NSDL: 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digits Client ID,
c. Shareholders holding shares in Physical Form should enter Folio Number registered with the Company.
Business Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
Annual Report 25-26 45
[page 8]
4) Next enter the Image Verification as displayed and Click on Login.
5) If you are holding shares in demat form and had logged on to www.evotingindia.com and voted on an earlier e-voting of any 
company, then your existing password is to be used.
6) If you are a first-time user follow the steps given below:
For Physical shareholders and other than individual shareholders holding shares in Demat.
PAN Enter your 10 digit alpha-numeric *PAN issued by Income Tax Department (Applicable for both demat 
shareholders as well as physical shareholders)
•	 Shareholders who have not updated their PAN with the Company/Depository Participant are 
requested to use the sequence number sent by Company/RTA or contact Company/RTA.
Dividend Bank 
Details OR 
Date of Birth 
(DOB)
Enter the Dividend Bank Details or Date of Birth (in dd/mm/yyyy format) as recorded in your demat 
account or in the company records in order to login.
•	 If both the details are not recorded with the depository or company, please enter the member id / 
folio number in the Dividend Bank details field.
(vi)  After entering these details appropriately, click on “SUBMIT” tab.
(vii)  Shareholders holding shares in physical form will then directly reach the Company selection screen. However, shareholders 
holding shares in demat form will now reach ‘Password Creation’ menu wherein they are required to mandatorily enter their 
login password in the new password field. Kindly note that this password is to be also used by the demat holders for voting 
for resolutions of any other company on which they are eligible to vote, provided that company opts for e-voting through 
CDSL platform. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care to keep 
your password confidential.
(viii)  For shareholders holding shares in physical form, the details can be used only for e-voting on the resolutions contained in 
this Notice.
(ix)  Click on the EVSN for the relevant Accord Transformer & Switchgear Limited (Formerly known as Accord Transformer & 
Switchgear Private Limited) on which you choose to vote.
(x)  On the voting page, you will see “RESOLUTION DESCRIPTION” and against the same the option “YES/NO” for voting. Select 
the option YES or NO as desired. The option YES implies that you assent to the Resolution and option NO implies that you 
dissent to the Resolution.
(xi)  Click on the “RESOLUTIONS FILE LINK” if you wish to view the entire Resolution details.
(xii)  After selecting the resolution, you have decided to vote on, click on “SUBMIT” . A confirmation box will be displayed. If you 
wish to confirm your vote, click on “OK” , else to change your vote, click on “CANCEL” and accordingly modify your vote.
(xiii)  Once you “CONFIRM” your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote.
(xiv)  You can also take a print of the votes cast by clicking on “Click here to print” option on the Voting page.
(xv)  If a demat account holder has forgotten the login password then Enter the User ID and the image verification code and click 
on Forgot Password & enter the details as prompted by the system.
(xvi)  There is also an optional provision to upload BR/POA if any uploaded, which will be made available to scrutinizer for 
verification.
 (xvii) Additional Facility for Non – Individual Shareholders and Custodians –For Remote Voting only.
• Non-Individual shareholders (i.e. other than Individuals, HUF , NRI etc.) and Custodians are required to log on to www.
evotingindia.com and register themselves in the “Corporates” module.
• A scanned copy of the Registration Form bearing the stamp and sign of the entity should be emailed to helpdesk.
evoting@cdslindia.com.
• After receiving the login details a Compliance User should be created using the admin login and password. The 
Compliance User would be able to link the account(s) for which they wish to vote on.
• The list of accounts linked in the login will be mapped automatically & can be delink in case of any wrong mapping.
• It is Mandatory that, a scanned copy of the Board Resolution and Power of Attorney (POA) which they have issued in 
favour of the Custodian, if any, should be uploaded in PDF format in the system for the scrutinizer to verify the same.
• Alternatively Non Individual shareholders are required mandatory to send the relevant Board Resolution/ Authority 
letter etc. together with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized Signatory who are authorized to vote, to 
the Scrutinizer and to the Company at the email address viz; compliance@atsgroup.in (designated email address by 
company) , if they have voted from individual tab & not uploaded same in the CDSL e-voting system for the scrutinizer 
to verify the same.
Annual Report 25-26 46
Accord Transformer & Switchgear Limited 
[page 9]
 INSTRUCTIONS FOR SHAREHOLDERS ATTENDING THE AGM THROUGH VC/OAVM & E-VOTING DURING MEETING ARE 
AS UNDER:
1. The procedure for attending meeting & e-Voting on the day of the AGM is same as the instructions mentioned above for 
e-voting.
2. The link for VC/OAVM to attend meeting will be available where the EVSN of Company will be displayed after successful 
login as per the instructions mentioned above for e-voting.
3. Shareholders who have voted through Remote e-Voting will be eligible to attend the meeting. However, they will not be 
eligible to vote at the AGM.
4. Shareholders are encouraged to join the Meeting through Laptops / IPads for better experience.
5. Further shareholders will be required to allow Camera and use Internet with a good speed to avoid any disturbance during 
the meeting.
6. Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile Devices or Tablets or through Laptop connecting via Mobile Hotspot 
may experience Audio/Video loss due to Fluctuation in their respective network. It is therefore recommended to use Stable 
Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.
7. Shareholders who would like to express their views/ask questions during the meeting may register themselves as a speaker 
by sending their request in advance atleast 03 days prior to meeting  mentioning their name, demat account number/
folio number, email id, mobile number at  compliance@atsgroup.in . The shareholders who do not wish to speak during 
the AGM but have queries may send their queries in advance 03 days prior to meeting  mentioning their name, demat 
account number/folio number, email id, mobile number at compliance@atsgroup.in . These queries will be replied to by the 
company suitably by email.
8. Those shareholders who have registered themselves as a speaker will only be allowed to express their views/ask questions 
during the meeting.
9. Only those shareholders, who are present in the AGM through VC/OAVM facility and have not cast their vote on the 
Resolutions through remote e-Voting and are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through e-Voting 
system available during the AGM.
10. If any Votes are cast by the shareholders through the e-voting available during the AGM and if the same shareholders have 
not participated in the meeting through VC/OAVM facility, then the votes cast by such shareholders may be considered 
invalid as the facility of e-voting during the meeting is available only to the shareholders attending the meeting.
 PROCESS FOR THOSE SHAREHOLDERS WHOSE EMAIL/MOBILE NO. ARE NOT REGISTERED WITH THE COMPANY/
DEPOSITORIES.
1. For Physical shareholders- please provide necessary details like Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy of the share 
certificate (front and back), PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar 
Card) by email to Company/RTA email id.
2. For Demat shareholders -, Please update your email id & mobile no. with your respective Depository Participant (DP)
3. For Individual Demat shareholders – Please update your email id & mobile no. with your respective Depository Participant 
(DP) which is mandatory while e-Voting & joining virtual meetings through Depository.
 If you have any queries or issues regarding attending AGM & e-Voting from the CDSL e-Voting System, you can write an email 
to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no. 1800 21 09911
 All grievances connected with the facility for voting by electronic means may be addressed to Mr. Rakesh Dalvi, AVP , (CDSL,) 
Central Depository Services (India) Limited, A Wing, 25th Floor, Marathon Futurex, Mafatlal Mill Compounds, N M Joshi 
Marg, Lower Parel (East), Mumbai - 400013 or send an email to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or call toll free no. 1800 21 
09911.
 OTHER GUIDELINES FOR MEMBERS
a) The voting rights of a member shall be in proportion to their shareholding in the paid-up equity share capital of the Company 
as on the cut-off date, i.e., Saturday, September 19, 2026.
b) A person whose name appears in the Register of Members or in the Register of Beneficial Owners maintained by the 
depositories as on the cut-off date only shall be entitled to avail the facility of remote e-voting or e-voting during the  
12th AGM.
c) The remote e-voting period commences at 9:00 A.M. (IST) on September 23, 2026  and ends at 5:00 P .M. (IST) on  
September 25, 2026. During this period, eligible members may cast their vote electronically. Once a vote on a resolution is 
cast by a member, the member shall not be allowed to change it subsequently.
Business Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
Annual Report 25-26 47
[page 10]
d) The Chairman shall, after responding to queries raised by members in advance, formally invite members attending the 
meeting through VC/OAVM to vote on the proposed resolutions and announce the commencement of e-voting at the AGM.
e) Ms. Anu Malhotra, Practicing Company Secretary and Proprietor of M/s Anu Malhotra & Associates (Membership No. 39971, 
CP No. 16221), has been appointed as the Scrutinizer to conduct the remote e-voting process and AGM e-voting in a fair and 
transparent manner.
f) The Scrutinizer shall, after the conclusion of voting at the AGM, first count the votes cast at the meeting and thereafter 
unblock the votes cast through remote e-voting in the presence of at least two (2) witnesses not in the employment of the 
Company. The Scrutinizer shall submit a consolidated scrutinizer’s report of the total votes cast in favour or against, if any, 
to the Chairman or a person authorized by him in writing, not later than 48 hours from the conclusion of the AGM.
g) The results declared along with the Scrutinizer’s Report shall be placed on the website of the Company at  
https://atsgroup.in/ , communicated to BSE Limited, and displayed on the website of the e-voting agency within 2 working 
days of the conclusion of the AGM.
Annual Report 25-26 48
Accord Transformer & Switchgear Limited 
[page 11]
Ordinary Business – Explanatory Statement for Item No. 2
ANNEXURE-A
Statement	of	particulars	pursuant	to	Clause	1.2.5	of	Secretarial	Standard-2	(SS-2),	forming	part	of	the	Notice
Particulars Mrs. Shalini Singh (DIN: 07036391)
Designation Whole-time Director
DIN 07036391
Age 46 Years (DOB: July 2, 1980)
Qualifications Masters of Arts in Sociology
Experience / nature of expertise Shalini Singh brings over 10 years of overall experience in strategic 
leadership and operational management, with a primary focus on the 
manufacturing sector. As the Promoter and Whole-Time Director, her 
core expertise lies in overseeing end-to-end company operations, 
specifically within transformer and switchgear manufacturing. She 
specializes in managing complex production processes, enforcing 
rigorous quality standards, and optimizing overall operational efficiency.
Date of first appointment on the Board February 18, 2015
Terms and conditions of appointment / re-
appointment
As per decided by board
Remuneration last drawn (per annum) ₹32,00,000 (Thirty Two Lakh)
Remuneration now proposed (per annum) -
Shareholding in the Company 63,75,000 equity shares (30.98%)
Relationship with other Directors / Manager / KMP of 
the Company
Spouse of Mr. Pradeep Kumar Verma who is Chairman & MD
Number of Board Meetings attended during the year All meeting attended during the FY 2025-26
Other Directorships NA
Membership / Chairmanship of Committees of other 
Boards
None
Business Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
Annual Report 25-26 49
[page 12]
EXPLANATORY	STATEMENT	PURSUANT	TO	SECTION	102(1)	OF	THE	COMPANIES	ACT,	2013
ITEM NO. -3 ALTERATION IN THE OBJECTS OF THE INITIAL PUBLIC OFFER (“OFFER”) FOR WHICH AMOUNT WAS RAISED
The Company had undertaken an Initial Public Offer which consisted of a Fresh Issue of equity shares by the Company aggregating 
up to ₹2,558.52 Lakhs (“Fresh Issue”) from the public through a Prospectus dated February 26, 2026. The Company had set out 
the following items as the objects towards which the IPO Proceeds would be utilised in the section “Objects of the Offer” in the 
Prospectus prepared in connection with the Offer:
1. Capital expenditure towards purchase of machinery and equipment.
2. Funding of working capital requirements.
3. IPO issue expenses.
The Company now intends to alter the terms of utilisation of the IPO Proceeds. As on September 02, 2026, an amount of ₹1,371.08 
Lakhs remains unutilised out of the funds so raised, i.e., ₹2,558.52 Lakhs.
Upon a review of the project implementation plan, the Board of Directors has noted that a part of the amount allocated 
towards “Capital expenditure towards purchase of machinery and equipment” can be deferred/optimised, while the Company 
simultaneously requires funds for construction of a building/civil structure on its property and expansion of plant capacity, 
situated at Village Shekhpur Aheer, Tehsil Tijara, District Khairthal-Tijara, Rajasthan-301411. Accordingly, the Board of Directors, 
at its meeting held on September 03, 2026 approved the proposed reallocation of ₹700.00 Lakhs from the object “Capital 
expenditure towards purchase of machinery and equipment” towards the new object “Construction of building/civil structure on 
the Company’s property and expansion of plant capacity” , subject to the approval of the Members by way of a Special Resolution 
in Annual General Meeting.
Further, the relevant and material information as per Rule 7 of the Companies (Prospectus and Allotment of Securities) Rules, 
2014 and Rule 32 of the Companies (Incorporation) Rules, 2014 is set out below:
(a)  The original purpose or object of the Issue:
 As set out above — capital expenditure towards purchase of machinery and equipment, funding of working capital 
requirements, and IPO issue expenses.
(b)  The total money raised:
 ₹2,558.52 Lakhs, raised pursuant to the Fresh Issue under the Prospectus dated February 26, 2026.
(c)  The money utilised for the objects stated in the Prospectus:
 ₹1,187.44 Lakhs has been utilised till September 02, 2026, as set out in the table below.
(d)  The extent of achievement of proposed objects:
 Mention in Table below
(e)  The unutilized amount out of the money so raised:
Sr. 
No.
Particulars Allocation 
as per 
Prospectus 
(₹ in Lakhs)
Amount 
Utilized till 
02.09.2026 
(₹ in Lakhs)
Extent of 
Achievement 
(%)
Unutilized 
Amount as on 
02.09.2026  
(₹ in Lakhs)
1 Capital expenditure towards purchase of 
machinery and equipment
1,302.67 – 0.00% 1,302.67
2 Funding of working capital requirements 1,000.00 931.59 93.16% 68.41
3 IPO issue expenses 255.85 255.85 100% –
Total 2,558.52 1,187.44 46.41% 1,371.08
(f) Particulars of the proposed variation:
 The Company proposes to reallocate an amount of ₹700.00 Lakhs out of the ₹1,302.67 Lakhs allocated towards “Capital 
expenditure towards purchase of machinery and equipment” (of which the entire amount remains unutilised as on 
September 02, 2026) towards a new object, namely “Construction of building/civil structure on the Company’s property and 
expansion of plant capacity” , situated at Village Shekhpur Aheer, Tehsil Tijara, District Khairthal-Tijara, Rajasthan -301411. 
Pursuant to the proposed variation, the revised allocation towards “Capital expenditure towards purchase of machinery and 
equipment” would stand at ₹602.67 Lakhs, as set out below:
Annual Report 25-26 50
Accord Transformer & Switchgear Limited 
[page 13]
Sr. 
No.
Object of the Issue As per 
Prospectus 
dated 26.02.2026 
(₹ Lakhs)
Utilized till 
02.09.2026  
(₹ Lakhs)
Unutilized 
as on 
02.09.2026  
(₹ Lakhs)
Proposed (post-
variation)  
(₹ Lakhs) 
Unutilized Amount
1 Capital expenditure towards purchase 
of machinery and equipment
1,302.67 – 1,302.67 602.67
2 Funding of working capital 
requirements
1,000.00 931.59 68.41 68.41
3 IPO issue expenses 255.85 255.85 – –
4 Construction of building/civil structure 
on the Company’s property and 
expansion of plant capacity (New 
Object)
– – – 700.00
Total 2,558.52 1,187.44 1,371.08 1,371.08
(g)  Reason and justification for seeking variation:
 At the time of filing of the Prospectus, the Company had proposed to utilise a substantial part of the IPO Proceeds towards 
capital expenditure for purchase of machinery and equipment. However, upon commencement of implementation and prior 
to actual deployment of the raised funds, the Company undertook a review of its project execution plan and noted that the 
effective and optimum use of such machinery and equipment is contingent upon the Company first establishing adequate 
built-up space and expanding its plant capacity. The Board is of the view that once the proposed construction is completed 
and the plant capacity stands expanded, the Company would be in a position to deploy machinery and equipment, as and 
when procured, in a more efficient and optimum manner. Accordingly, the Company proposes to prioritise construction of 
the building/civil structure at this stage and to defer and phase the procurement of the machinery and equipment referred 
to above, funded through reallocation of the presently unutilized amount allocated therefor, thereby ensuring optimal and 
time-bound utilization of the IPO Proceeds without resorting to additional external borrowing. Notwithstanding the proposed 
variation, the Company continues to propose utilization of more than 46% of the IPO Proceeds towards the objects as 
originally stated in the Prospectus, and the proposed reallocation is accordingly limited in scope and does not represent a 
wholesale departure from the objects disclosed to investors at the time of the Offer.
(h)  Amount proposed to be utilized for the new objects:
 ₹700.00 Lakhs is proposed to be utilized towards the new object “Construction of building/structure on the Company’s 
property and expansion of plant capacity” , entirely sourced by way of reallocation from the amount originally allocated 
towards “Capital expenditure towards purchase of machinery and equipment” . No amount over and above what was raised 
pursuant to the Offer is proposed to be utilized for the new object.
(i)  The estimated financial impact of the proposed alteration on the earnings and cash flow of the company:
 The proposed variation is not expected to have any adverse impact on the earnings or cash flow of the Company. The 
reallocation involves utilization of IPO Proceeds already raised and presently unutilized, and does not entail raising of 
additional external borrowings or incurrence of interest cost. The enhanced allocation towards construction of building/
civil structure is expected to support expansion of plant capacity and strengthen the Company’s operational and revenue-
generating capability over the medium to long term, while the deferment of the corresponding machinery procurement is 
not expected to materially affect ongoing operations.
(j)  Proposed time limit for achieving varied objects:
 The proposed construction is expected to be completed within approximately 9-10 months from the date of approval of the 
Members.
(k)  Clause-wise details as specified under Rule 3(3):
a) Means of Finance:
Source Amount (₹ in Lakhs)
Reallocation from the object “Capital expenditure towards purchase of machinery and 
equipment”
700.00
Total 700.00
b) Schedule of Implementation: The proposed construction is expected to be completed within approximately 9-10 
Months from the date of approval by the Members.
c) Interim use of Funds/Deployment Status: Funds proposed for reallocation are presently lying in bank balances 
pending utilisation.
Business Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
Annual Report 25-26 51
[page 14]
(l) Risk factors pertaining to the new objects:
 The proposed construction and plant capacity expansion at the Company’s property in Village Shekhpur Aheer, Tehsil 
Tijara, District Khairthal-Tijara, Rajasthan-301411, carries certain risks: possible escalation in construction costs due to 
rising material and labour prices; delays in completion arising from contractor performance, material/labour availability, or 
delay in statutory approvals (building plan sanction, factory licence amendment, or NOC from the Rajasthan State Pollution 
Control Board and other authorities); a temporary impact on production scalability due to the deferred, phased procurement 
of machinery; and the risk that market demand for the Company’s products may not develop as anticipated, affecting 
expected returns from the expanded capacity. Any such delay would correspondingly postpone machinery commissioning 
and realisation of the intended benefits. The Board, having considered these risks, believes the proposed reallocation is 
prudent, achievable and in the best interest of the Company and its stakeholders.
(m) The place from where any interested person may obtain a copy of the notice of resolution to be passed:
 Any interested person may obtain a copy of the notice of the resolution from the registered office of the Company during 
business hours on any working day, or may access it from the Company’s website at https://atsgroup.in/ .
(n) Other relevant information for informed decision:
 The proposed variation does not alter the core business of the Company and does not result in any change in its overall 
capital structure. The Board of Directors has approved the proposed variation at its meeting referred to above, subject to 
approval of the Members by way of a Special Resolution.
 In the event the proposed variation is dissented to by 10% or more of the Members present and voting on the resolution 
(through remote e-voting or otherwise), and less than 75% of the amount raised for the object “Capital expenditure towards 
purchase of machinery and equipment” stands utilised as on the date of the meeting, the promoters or shareholders in 
control of the Company shall provide an exit offer to such dissenting shareholders, strictly in accordance with the conditions 
and manner prescribed under Schedule XX of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, read with Regulation 281A thereof.
 The Board of Directors (including any Committee thereof) of the Company are severally authorised to take all such steps and 
give such directions as may be necessary or expedient, intimating the Stock Exchange(s), filing requisite forms/returns with 
the Registrar of Companies, and to settle all questions, difficulties or doubts that may arise in giving effect to the resolution.
 None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or their relatives are, in any way, concerned or interested, 
financially or otherwise
 The Board accordingly recommends the Special Resolution set out at Item No. 3 of the accompanying Notice for approval 
of the Members.
ITEM -4 TO APPROVE IMPLEMENTATION OF THE ‘EMPLOYEE STOCK OPTION PLAN” or “ATSL ESOP 2026”:
In today’s competitive environment, the ability of a company to attract, motivate and retain skilled talent has a direct bearing on its 
long-term growth and performance. The Company believes that equity-based compensation is an effective way to build a sense 
of ownership among employees and align their individual goals with the long-term interests of the Company and its shareholders. 
Keeping this objective in view, the Board of Directors proposes to introduce an employee stock option plan to be known as ‘Accord 
Transformer & Switchgear Limited (Formerly known as Accord Transformer & Switchgear Private Limited) Employee Stock 
Option Plan 2026’ (“ATSL ESOP 2026” / the “Plan”), covering eligible employees of the Company and its Subsidiary Companies.
As per the provisions of Regulation 6 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and 
Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021 (“SEBI SBEB Regulations”), the Company seeks your approval for Implementation of the Plan. 
Accordingly, the Board of Directors of the Company (“Board”) at their meeting held on 3rd September, 2026 as per recommendation 
of Nomination and Remuneration Committee at their meeting held on 3 rd September, 2026, have approved the ATSL ESOP 2026 
subject to approval of the shareholders.
As per the provisions of Regulation 6 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat 
Equity) Regulations, 2021 (“SEBI SBEB Regulations”), following are the contents required for placing before shareholders of the 
company:
a) Brief description of the Plan : - Accord Transformer & Switchgear Limited (Formerly known as Accord Transformer & 
Switchgear Private Limited) having primary objective to reward the Employees by offering Options under ATSL ESOP 2026, 
for their association with the Company, their performance, dedication and contribution towards the goals and objectives of 
the Company. The Company intends to use this Plan to attract, retain and motivate key talent working with the Company, by 
way of rewarding their performance and motivating them to contribute to the overall corporate growth and profitability
b) Total number of options to be granted:- The total number of Options that may be granted under ATSL ESOP 2026 shall not 
exceed 5,00,000 (Five Lakhs), exercisable into not more than an equivalent number of equity shares of face value of ₹10 
(Ten) each, fully paid up, with each Option conferring on the grantee a right to apply for one equity share of the Company.
Annual Report 25-26 52
Accord Transformer & Switchgear Limited 
[page 15]
c) Identification of classes of Employees entitled to participate in Plan :- The following classes of employees (“Employees”) 
are eligible to participate in the Plan:
i. an employee as designated by the company, who is exclusively working in India or outside India; or
ii. a director of the company, whether a whole time director or not, including a nonexecutive director who is not a 
promoter or member of the promoter group, but excluding an independent director; or
iii. an employee as defined in sub-clauses (i) or (ii), of a group company including subsidiary or its associate company, in 
India or outside India, or of a holding company of the company, but does not include—
a. an employee who is a promoter or a person belonging to the promoter group; or
b. a director who, either himself or through his relative or through any body corporate, directly or indirectly, holds 
more than ten per cent of the outstanding equity shares of the company;
d) Requirements and period of vesting
 Option granted under ATSL ESOP 2026 shall vest not earlier than minimum period of 1 (One) year and not later than maximum 
period of 5 (five) years from the date of Grant as per terms and conditions as decided by Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee.
 Vesting of Option would be subject to continued employment with the Company. In addition to this, the Committee may 
also specify certain performance criteria subject to satisfaction of which the Options would vest.
 As a prerequisite for a valid Vesting, an Option Grantee is required to be in employment or service of the Company on 
the date of Vesting and must neither be serving his notice for termination of employment/ service, nor be subject to any 
disciplinary proceedings pending against him on such date of Vesting. In case of any disciplinary proceedings against any 
Option Grantee, the relevant Vesting shall be kept in abeyance until disposal of the proceedings and such Vesting shall be 
determined accordingly.
 The specific Vesting Conditions subject to which Vesting would take place shall be communicated to each Option Grantee 
individually in the letter issued at the time of Grant.
e) Maximum period within which the Options shall be vested:-Option granted under ATSL ESOP 2026 shall vest not earlier 
than minimum period of 1 (One) year and not later than maximum period of 5 (five) years from the date of Grant as per terms 
and conditions as decided by Nomination and Remuneration Committee.
f) Exercise price or Pricing Formula:- Price shall be as determined by Nomination and Remuneration Committee and shall 
not be less than face value of shares.
g) Exercise period and the process of exercise:- The Exercise Period in respect of an Option shall be subject to a maximum 
period of 5 (Five) years from the date of Vesting of Options and shall be in accordance with the terms and conditions as laid 
down in ESOP Plan.
h) Appraisal process for determining the eligibility of Employees under Plan:- Appraisal process for determining the 
eligibility of the Employees will be based on designation, period of service, performance linked parameters such as work 
performance and such other criteria as may be determined by the Committee at its sole discretion, from time to time.
i) Maximum number of options per employee :- Pursuant to the resolution, the maximum number of Options that may be 
granted to any Employee in any year shall, in aggregate, be less than 1% (one percent) of the issued equity share capital of 
the Company (excluding outstanding warrants and conversions, if any), as on the date of grant.
j) Maximum quantum of benefits to be provided per employee under the Plan:- No benefit other than by way of grant of 
Options as per the Plan.
k) Implementation or administration of the Plan:- The Plan shall be implemented and administered directly by the Company 
as per terms and conditions stipulated by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Company.
l) Source of acquisition of shares under the Plan:- ATSL ESOP 2026 envisages issue of primary shares against exercise of 
vested Options.
m) Amount of loan to be provided for implementation of the scheme(s) by the Company to the trust, its tenure, utilisation, 
repayment terms, etc.:- This is currently not implemented in the present Plan.
n) Maximum percentage of secondary acquisition:-No secondary acquisition is contemplated under the Plan.
o) Accounting and Disclosure Policies:-The Company shall follow the rules/regulations applicable to accounting of Options. 
The rules/ regulations to be followed shall include but not limited to the applicable accounting standards/ Guidance Note 
on Accounting for Employee Share-based Payments as may be prescribed by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of 
India or any other appropriate authority, from time to time, including the disclosure requirements prescribed therein, in 
compliance with relevant provisions of SEBI SBEB Regulations.
Business Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements
Annual Report 25-26 53
[page 16]
p) Method of Option valuation:-The Company shall adopt ‘fair value method’ for valuation of the Options as prescribed under 
guidance note or under any relevant accounting standard notified by the appropriate authorities from time to time.
q) Declaration:-Applicable only if: ‘In case the company opts for expensing of share-based employee benefits using the 
intrinsic value, the difference between the employee compensation cost so computed and the employee compensation 
cost that shall have been recognized if it had used the fair value, shall be disclosed in the Directors’ report and the impact of 
this difference on profits and on earnings per share (“EPS”) of the company shall also be disclosed in the Directors’ report’ .
r) Period of lock-in:-  The Shares issued upon exercise of the Options shall be freely transferable and shall not be subject 
to any lock-in period restriction after such allotment and credit to the respective demat account; however the same shall 
be subject to such restrictions as may be prescribed under applicable laws including the Company’s Code of Conduct to 
regulate, monitor and report trading by insiders, under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider 
Trading), Regulations, 2015, as amended.
s) Terms & conditions for buyback, if any, of specified securities covered under these regulations:-There is no buyback of 
specified securities is contemplated under the Plan.
t) Eligibility and applicability:- Only Employees are eligible for being granted Option under ATSL ESOP 2026. The specific 
Employees to whom the Option would be granted and their Eligibility Criteria shall be determined by the Committee from 
time to time. The Plan shall be applicable to the Company and any successor company thereof and Options may be granted 
to the Employees of the Company, as determined by the Committee at its sole discretion.
u) Inspection:-A draft copy of the ATSL ESOP 2026 Scheme is available for inspection at the Registered Office of the Company 
between 2:00 p.m. and 5:00 p.m. on all working days (except Saturdays, Sundays and holidays) until the conclusion of the 
Annual General Meeting , and is also available on the Company’s website at https://atsgroup.in/
v) Other important details:- If the Company gets de-listed from all the recognized Stock Exchanges, then the Committee 
shall have the powers to set out terms and conditions for the treatment of Vested Options and Unvested Options in due 
compliance of the Applicable Laws.
The consent of the shareholders is being sought pursuant to Section 62(1)(b) and all other applicable provisions, if any, of the 
Companies Act, 2013 read with Regulation 6 of the SEBI SBEB Regulations for implementation of ESOP 2026.
The Board of Directors recommends implementation of ATSL ESOP 2026 for the employees of the Company. In light of above, you 
are requested to accord your approval to the Special Resolutions as set out at Agenda Item No. 4 of the accompanying Notice.
No Director, Key Managerial Personnel or their relatives, is directly or indirectly concerned or interested in the above resolution.
By Order of the Board
For Accord Transformer & Switchgear Limited
(Formerly known as Accord Transformer & Switchgear Private Limited)
Sd/- Sd/-
Pradeep Kumar Verma Shalini Singh
Chairman and Managing Director Whole Time Director
DIN: 05113022 DIN: 07036391
Date: September 03, 2026
Place: Gurgaon , Manesar
Annual Report 25-26 54
Accord Transformer & Switchgear Limited 
