===== PDF page 1 =====
Registered & Corporate Office 
Redington Limited 
Block3, Plathin, Redington Tower, Inner Ring 
Road, Saraswathy Nagar West, 4th Street, 
Puzhuthivakkam, Chennai -600091 
Email: investors@redingtongroup.com 
CIN: L52599TN1961PLC028758 
www. redingtongroup.com 
Ph: 044 4224 3111 
 
 
 
February 11, 2026 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited,  
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051.  
 
Symbol: REDINGTON  
BSE Limited  
Floor 25, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai — 400 001 
 
 
Scrip: 532805 
 
 
Sir/Madam,   
 
Sub: Q3 - FY 2026 - Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
This is further to our letter dated January  30, 2026, intimating the details of Investor/Analyst 
call on the audited financial results for the quarter ended December 31, 2025, held on February 
5, 2026.  No unpublished price sensitive information was shared/discussed in the meeting/ 
call. 
 
In this regard, we are enclosing herewith the transcript of the conference. The same is available 
in Company’s website at https://redingtongroup.com/wp-
content/uploads/2026/02/Redington-Q3FY26-Earnings-Call-Transcript-FINAL.pdf.   
 
We request you to take this information on record. 
 
Thank you 
 
For Redington Limited 
 
 
 
K Vijayshyam Acharya  
Company Secretary   
 
Encl: a/a 
===== PDF page 2 =====
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
Information Classification: RL\General Business\Redington  
 
 
“Redington Limited 
Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 05, 2026 
 
 
“E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on February 05, 2026, will prevail.” 
 
         
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. V.S. HARIHARAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – REDINGTON 
LIMITED 
 MR. S.V. KRISHNAN – FINANCE DIRECTOR  – 
REDINGTON LIMITED 
 MS. PALAK AGRAWAL – GENERAL MANAGER, 
INVESTOR RELATIONS 
  
  
 
  
  

===== PDF page 3 =====
  Redington Limited 
  February 05, 2026 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Information Classification: RL\General Business\Redington  
 
 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Redington Limited Q3 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call. This conference may contain forward-looking statements about the company, 
which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on the date of this 
call. The statements are not guarantees of future performance and involves risks and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
 As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing s tar then zero on your touch-
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr.  V. S. Hariharan, Managing Director and Group CEO. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
V. S. Hariharan: Thank you. A very good morning, everyone. It's a pleasure to be here, and I'm delighted to share 
with you our results for Q3 '26. This has been our best quarter so far, both from a revenue and a 
profit perspective. We recorded nearly INR31,000 crores, to be precise, INR30,959 crores and 
a quarterly profit of INR436 crores. 
 Our revenues grew at 16% and profit after tax grew at 9%. Overall, PAT percentage was at 
1.41% for the group and excluding Arena, PAT was at 1.56%. It is a continuing story of 
profitable growth with growth coming in strongly across business segments and ac ross 
geographies. From a geography perspective, the revenue growth was contributed by many of 
them. India continues to be very strong at 25%. 
 UAE was strong at 19%. GCCL, this is a cluster of countries outside of UAE and KSA, including 
Levant countries, grew at 29% and Africa grew strongly at 14%. Within India, while we had 
growth across, we did see a strong uptick in the upcountry driven by our focus and initiatives in 
the upcountry. 
 The Cloud and IT infra investments in the Middle East by the government and corporates is 
proving to be a good opportunity. Our focused efforts in Africa on Software Solutions Group is 
yielding results. 
 Now moving on to performance by business units that I can provide a color on the growth and 
what's driving the growth. Most of the business units contributed well. Mobility continues to be 
a good shining star for us at 15% year -on-year, contributing to 35% of the top line, driven by 
strong demand in the premium segment, impact of the NPIs in the previous quarter and strong 
execution in the direct-to-retail segment in India. 
===== PDF page 4 =====
  Redington Limited 
  February 05, 2026 
Page 3 of 17 
 
Information Classification: RL\General Business\Redington  
 On the End Point Solutions Group, the PCs, we saw some really nice growth this quarter at 21% 
year-on-year, contributing to 32% of the top line. The PC demand was strong, partially driven 
by the component shortage and the price increases. 
 However, if you dive into the details, the AI PC penetration in India Commercial PC segment 
was on the rise with 28% of the revenues coming from AI -focused PCs. In the Consumer 
segment, gaming continues to do well. And desktop PCs saw a surge as brands gai ned share 
from the white label due to the component shortage. 
 Now coming to the Technology Solutions Group. While we saw a decline at 7%, it is largely 
driven by timing of large deals executions across quarters. There's clearly a lot more data center 
business and deals with the emergence of Neo cloud and sovereign cloud players in the market. 
We have an opportunity to participate in this growth and have closed several deals in this quarter. 
A few have fruitioned and got recognized in Q3, and we'll continue to see some of them driving 
the growth in the upcoming quarters. 
 With the recent announcements in the budget on tax holiday for data center investments from 
foreign companies, this area definitely holds great promise for us. We are building a strategy to 
start focusing on the data center space and looking at a variety of approaches from power system 
solutions, cooling system solutions, various services into the data center and also matching 
demand for colocation, etcetera, for the mid-market. 
 Coming to our Software Solutions Group, which has been our clear  growth story for the last 
several quarters and a couple of years. Our focus has really helped. SSG for us, software 
solutions encompasses the Golden Trinity, the Cloud Hyperscaler business, the Software 
business and the Cybersecurity business. and Professi onal Services, of course, not forgetting 
that. SSG grew 40% this quarter, contributing to now 18% of the top line. 
 If you remember, when we talked about the year gone by, it was 15% and then the last 2 quarters, 
16% and now 18%. So clearly, the focus and the market both exist. Double -digit growth was 
recorded across all the subsegments within SSG. It also delivered hig her-than-average profit 
after tax. Within the Cloud subsegment, we're working closely with the hyperscalers and taking 
advantages of the enterprise transition to cloud and digital transformation. 
 The Cybersecurity and Software business, we are increasing the breadth of our offering and the 
brand offerings that we have, and we're also increasing the intensity of our go-to-market. We're 
also rolling out this quarter an enhanced version of the digital  platform that we have, what we 
call as CloudQuarks with more features and analytics for customer life cycle management. 
 We're also investing more in technical presales and solutioning teams, also investing in the 
Redington Academy to create more certified professionals within the company and, of course, 
within our channel partners. Our Professional Services business, though small, continues to grow 
very well and delivers value add for the Cloud resell business. Coming to AI, we talked a little 
bit about it. 
 Now it's becoming real. We have started to create several targeted initiatives to make this 
practical and real for us and for our partners and customers. We are creating a capability center 
===== PDF page 5 =====
  Redington Limited 
  February 05, 2026 
Page 4 of 17 
 
Information Classification: RL\General Business\Redington  
in Chennai. It started with an AI competent team to work on its internal and external use cases 
and proof of concepts. We're also creating an AI go-to -market team, both in India and Middle 
East to work on these customer use cases. 
 We are in the middle of developing an AI Agentic catalog, which will go live soon. Working 
with our ISVs that will be a good starting point to fast start to deploy AI agents with customers. 
We'll hear more about this in the next few quarters and what we pl an to achieve and what are 
the outcomes. Let's move on to operations. It's again been a great story. 
 Very efficient management of working capital has led to the overall lowering our working capital 
days to 28 days. Despite the investments we are making in the growth areas like software 
solutions and others, opex control continues to be good at 9%, growing slower than revenue 
growth, giving us operating leverage. 
 Our digital platform for hardware continues to evolve very well and reaching more partners. 
More than a third  of our business in India this quarter went through the digital platform. Our 
back office and logistics business are beginning to deploy AI agents, which are resulting in 
productivity improvements and cost savings. 
 Now coming to Arena, which we have again covered in every one of our calls separately. Our 
subsidiary continues to wade through the economic challenges in the country, but it's getting 
better. While inflation has been coming down to 31% and policy rates to 37%, the situation 
continues to be challenging. In order to reduce interest costs in the Arena operation, as we spoke 
in the past and to minimize local currency exposure, Arena has divested from their Vodafone 
contract as informed last quarter. This has been executed well. 
 However, there are still impacts on this transaction in the current quarter. The overall loss in 
Arena for the quarter was INR22 crores for us. Over the last few quarters, Arena has been taking 
a series of actions as we have discussed, but I want to just bring your attention starting from 
Paynet divestment, tightening of opex and working capital, managing AR more closely, 
understanding the market in terms of concordat cases, divesting from local currency business, 
all heading to improve the health of the business. The trajectory is definitely showing and going 
in the right direction, and we remain very hopeful Arena will get to healthy levels as we approach 
2027. 
To summarize, I'll just say a few comments. A defining feature of Redington's market perception 
is trust, which we are really proud of. Earlier this year, we won the most trusted distributor award 
from VARINDIA in July. Our key stakeholders in the system, the brands, the partners, the 
customers, bankers and the shareholders have told us that they have very high confidence and 
trust in our company. 
 We would like to thank every one of you for believing in us through our journey. As we 
transform the company from being a distributor to an orchestrator in the new world order defined 
by cloud, software and AI, we will be shifting to an unlock next approac h to a sharper future -
facing outlook. 
===== PDF page 6 =====
  Redington Limited 
  February 05, 2026 
Page 5 of 17 
 
Information Classification: RL\General Business\Redington  
 This is not a mere narrative, but a bolder approach to unlock growth opportunities, to unlock 
more efficiency, to unlock access to more opportunities, continue to unlock trust and continue 
to unlock impact, all this while maintaining your trust and confide nce. We want to enable 
progress across markets, across businesses by bringing right technology, partnerships and 
expertise together and to help our customers from their intent to transform to impact faster. 
 Thank you very much. We look forward to your questions. 
Moderator: The first question is from the line of Nitin Padmanabhan from Investec. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: So, I had a couple of questions. So, one is to start with this government mandating appointing a 
reseller from a data center perspective for global guys for selling in India. Does that sort of open 
up a large opportunity for us? Or that's not a given in terms of an assured opportunity? So that 
was the first one, and then I had a few others. 
V. S. Hariharan: Okay. Thanks, Nitin, for the question. It's early days, but we think it is definitely an opportunity. 
We are reaching out to the hyperscalers to explore the direct business that goes into corporates, 
and we are getting ourselves prepared. If moving that business is beneficial financially for them 
and we can take over that business, we'll definitely be very keen. So, it's early days, Nitin. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: Got it. And your thoughts on this chip shortage and how that's sort of impacting business at the 
moment. Are you seeing people sort of preponing their buying decisions because prices are on 
the rise? And are you seeing a situation wherein it's flying off t he shelves, inventory days are 
falling, right? You're seeing better working capital conversion on these and thereby better 
margins? Or how are you basically seeing and how do you see this evolve? 
V. S. Hariharan: Okay. Thanks, Nitin, for this question. It's an interesting one, and this will evolve as we go along. 
Clearly, a couple of things have happened. One, there is definitely the second-tier channel, the 
reseller partners that work with us have picked up inventory. 
 We've still yet to see a big uptick in demand for the end customers. But we believe that will 
happen because there are more price rises coming up. So that's one. And there's clearly a lot of 
work as we work with the brands in terms of juggling the type of models, the type of SKUs to 
sell, the inventory management, all of that. But -- and we are seeing, like I mentioned, desktop 
suddenly, there was an upsurge --  and we are seeing higher -priced PCs also getting a bit more 
traction. 
 But has it resulted in more margins? No. Has it resulted in a slightly better weeks of supply for 
us? Yes, not enough, but slightly better, yes, in the ESG side of the house. If I look at how it will 
pan out, clearly, prices will be on the higher side. 
 We are yet to see the demand being picked up because the pricing will somewhat sober out the 
demand also, we think. So, we just have to wait for a few more quarters, Nitin, to play this out. 
That's the short answer. The demand from -- the customer demand has to be there so the channel 
partners have picked it up. But the sell -through, we have to work through this quarter an d see 
how that pans out. 
===== PDF page 7 =====
  Redington Limited 
  February 05, 2026 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Information Classification: RL\General Business\Redington  
S. V. Krishnan: Nitin, it is also early to put a number or a guidance to this. But if your question is also related to 
why working capital is down to 28 days, is this because of that? Very clearly, the answer is no. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: Yes, yes. Yes. Got that. And then just a couple of ones -- quick ones. So one is, I think mobility 
grew 15% year-on-year. 
 But when I look at the top vendor there, the growth has been amazing. It's grown 27%. So what's 
been the drag in that business? Otherwise, you would have shown a far better growth. The second 
bit is on -- just a bookkeeping question on factoring costs.  And finally, any one-off impacts on 
profitability for Arena that's driving the INR22 crores loss there? 
S. V. Krishnan: Okay. So on the mobility front, this time, the -- I mean, the performance of Apple compared to 
the Android is better. Second, in Arena, we exited from the Connect business, which is a 
Mobility business. So that has offset the growth of the mobility in the other places. Second, the 
factoring cost you wanted, just give me a second. 
 Okay. So I'm telling you the factoring in Arena. For this quarter, it is INR 18 crores. Last year 
Q3, INR36 crores. So it has dropped by 50%.  But if you take the interest cost, Arena's interest 
cost for the current quarter is INR43 crores vis-a-vis INR38 crores last year. So net-net, overall, 
INR60 crores in the current year vis-a-vis INR73 crores last year, a 17% drop. 
 Third, your question on Arena performance. See, we have been -- as Hari detailed, we have been 
taking a lot of steps to correct. And you would have seen in Q1, we have had a loss of INR 9.5 
million. 
 In Q2, it came down to INR 8.5 million. In the current quarter, it has come down further to 
INR4.9 million. Our expectation is in Q4, this will further come down. But as we speak now, it 
looks like there will be some loss. So very clearly, the loss situation is coming down. 
 And a part of this loss this quarter, last quarter and some in the next quarter will be towards the 
exits that we are doing in the Connect business as well as in the Turkish lira business. But some 
of the key points, which may be interesting to you to understand is the closing working capital, 
which was last quarter end at INR179 million is down to INR129 million, INR50 million drop. 
 Closing debt has come down from INR 126 million to INR94 million. Interest cost is all 
inclusive, including for our internal purpose, we consider credit card commission, rediscounting 
charges, all are part of finance cost is down from INR 13.8 million to INR 7.5 million. So you 
can see across the board, there is an improvement, but still we are in a loss situation. 
 I think next year, we might move towards a breakeven. That's the thought process. But all the 
efforts are on to make sure this turnaround is in place. We have cut down the business, and we 
are being very, very picky. But having said that, we have to do som e -- I mean, some threshold 
business to be in the reckoning when there is competition in this market. 
V. S. Hariharan: And to add the SSG part of the business, especially Hyperscaler, that's becoming a little bit more 
interesting in the Turkey market. So we're trying to step up in that area to counter whatever 
declining revenues we've had and also to get more profitability, and that looks strong. 
===== PDF page 8 =====
  Redington Limited 
  February 05, 2026 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Information Classification: RL\General Business\Redington  
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Vinay Menon from Monarch Capital. 
Vinay Menon: Congratulations on great execution. A few questions from my side, sir. Like you mentioned there 
were large deals in TSG, and I think that was a bit of a drag on margins as well. So how could 
we look at this going ahead? Because as you --  as Hari sir mentio ned that we are going to be 
looking at more data center deals also.  So should we see this as a trend continuing for the next 
few quarters? 
S. V. Krishnan: See, first of all, large deals that got executed in the current quarter wasn't substantial. But having 
said that, as Hari said, we have a lot of orders in the pipeline. So you will see this moving up as 
we move forward. I just want to recollect the earlier  calls that we have had Vinay, wherein we 
said irrespective of the gross margin or the working capital deployment, our focus will mainly 
be on ROCE. We will protect our ROCE. 
 I'm sure you can very clearly see for the quarter, the ROCE stands at 22.1%. So that's something 
which is very critical for us. Yes, in terms of percentage margin, it would be lower than the 
normal, but that's the nature of the beast. 
V. S. Hariharan: And as we spoke earlier, we --  our focus is to make sure that our opex and our structure is 
supporting the run rate business and the deals come as a kind of a cream on the cake -- or topping 
on the cake. So in that -- we just manage focus on ROCE and the incremental approach on this. 
Vinay Menon: And there was a small goodwill impairment you have taken in this quarter. Can you just throw 
some more color on that? 
S. V. Krishnan: This is in ProConnect, this is out of an acquisition we did about 7 years back. And we thought it 
may be important to have a clear review and take -- because this depends on a few of the 
contracts. Each of these contracts keep coming up for renewal or RFQ every 2 to 3 years. So we 
made some assessment, we took some probability, and we thought we need to take an 
impairment, and that's about INR9.2 crores in the current quarter, and that's completely one-off. 
Vinay Menon: Okay. Okay. And one last thing from my side is that SSG continues to show that 40% plus 
growth. So can you just give me like a few things which is working for us? And since we are 
like one of the largest players in India for this.  So anything which is really working? And what 
could be the momentum going ahead? 
V. S. Hariharan: Yes. So there are many things that are working for us right now. I mean let me go piece by piece. 
So the Hyperscaler business, we have a real great partnership with the key players, AWS and 
Microsoft in terms of how they look at the business and what we need to do in terms of managing 
the KPIs. So we have clear plans laid out and we have teams working on achieving those KPIs, 
which are leading indicators, leading to the revenues, etcetera. 
 And that requires a lot of operational work and the joint business plans. So that's clearly, I would 
say, great focus, and that's why we enjoy a good share in both India and the Middle East markets. 
Then when it comes to the Software business, we have a few brands which we do an extremely 
focused and good job. 
===== PDF page 9 =====
  Redington Limited 
  February 05, 2026 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Information Classification: RL\General Business\Redington  
 And we have -- in some cases, we have -- I don't want to name brands, but there is a brand where 
we have 60 -odd people in the team focused exactly on how the brand goes to market and 
maximizing customer connects and outcome-based selling. So we do what is called as outcome-
based selling. 
 When it comes to security, we're clearly broadening our portfolio. And as we focus on SSG, we 
clearly realized that we didn't have the complete breadth of portfolio. And also we are 
strengthening our solution architects, presales teams, and we are making s ome organizational 
changes to bring them and align them in a way that we can maximize what the brand wants to 
achieve in the market. So it's all about doing these little things. But going forward, clearly, the 
investment in capability is going to help. 
 We're investing in Professional Services capability. We are investing in the cloud quarks 
platform, automation, even simple things like renewals when a product and a subscription is 
coming up for renewal, we need to start looking at it 3, 4 months before the renewal cycle and 
how we focus on it to make sure the churn doesn't happen. So there ar e a variety of things that 
happen, and we're just stepping up the game in terms of the sheer focus in all of these areas. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Aejas Lakhani from Unifi AMC. 
Aejas Lakhani: Congrats on a good set. Team, first question is that, could you speak a little bit about the slightly 
weakish gross margins? I understand the seasonality with regards to mobility, but is there 
anything else to call out here? 
S. V. Krishnan: Okay. See, overall gross margin is down just by about 47 bps on a year -on-year basis. Out of 
this, about 38 bps is on account of Arena alone. And the balance, it is on account of drop in TSG. 
In fact, in a few other businesses like SSG, etcetera, the gross  margins have gone up, which 
offset this drop. 
 So let's talk about these two. In Arena, like I had said, we are taking right steps. Since the local 
currency business has a very high interest component. If I just need to take you through on some 
quick math, even if you take a 60 days of working capital in a 40%, 45% interest rate, that's 
about 6% to 7% of interest cost as a percentage of revenue. This needs to get recovered in the 
form of higher gross margin. 
 So some of these businesses have higher gross margin, but still we are not making money 
because of high interest rates. That's the situation. Those are the things that we have now taken 
the decision to exit, which has resulted in the overall margins coming down. But we think it's -- 
I mean, it's a correct decision. And what we have is something which is robust and sustainable. 
 Second, on the TSG, yes, the margins in TSG, like we discussed in the earlier calls are coming 
down, and we are trying to correct it. This is --   mainly to do with the ecosystem. But whatever 
we could do to make sure that our profitability is protected, we are doing it. 
Aejas Lakhani: Understood, Krishnan sir. Sir, on -- just a follow-up. So sir, in Turkey, sir, you had called out 
that last year, same time, the total factoring cost was INR71 crores, of which Turkey was INR36 
===== PDF page 10 =====
  Redington Limited 
  February 05, 2026 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Information Classification: RL\General Business\Redington  
crores and then you had some one-off incrementally higher factoring costs. For this quarter, sir, 
you mentioned the Arena factoring cost at INR18 crores. What is the overall factoring cost, sir? 
S. V. Krishnan: Overall factoring cost for the current quarter is INR 33 crores vis -a-vis INR71 crores for last 
year. 
Aejas Lakhani: Understood, sir. Sir, could you speak a little bit about the concordat cases that are there in 
Turkey? How are they trending? The provisioning that you had created, are you seeing any 
reversal opportunities there? 
S. V. Krishnan: No reversal opportunity. We should feel lucky that there has been no additional provision  Aejas. 
I'm being very open. Out of INR 20 million, as we discussed, about INR 8 million we had 
provided and the balance INR12 million. It's going to take time. 
 We are in the process of collecting. There is some slow movement that's happening. As we speak 
now, that doesn't seem to be a concern. 
Aejas Lakhani: Understood. And sir, incrementally, as we enter fourth quarter and first quarter, the factoring 
cost related to Arena, given that the lira business continues to decline and you are exiting that, 
how should we think of the incremental factoring and interest cost in that geography? 
S. V. Krishnan: Okay. See, U.S. dollar, that interest rate will continue. The Turkey -- I mean, the TL interest rate 
-- interest cost will come down. It will not become 0 because there will be some business which 
is happening in Turkish lira, so we need to borrow. 
 Whether it is a normal bank borrowing, whether it's a factoring, that is more to do with the 
availability of funds and the sources. So overall, I would think this TL interest cost will come 
down. And overall, the Turkey finance cost will come down as we move forward. 
Aejas Lakhani: Understood, sir. Sir, the other thing is that you've not called out the labour  cost impact. In the 
notes to accounts, we read that it was not material, but has there been any one-off expenses in 
the employee cost on account of this? 
S. V. Krishnan: Because of the Labour Code , there is no significant impact. But there are certain assumption 
changes in the actuarial valuation that has resulted in some incremental one-off cost, and this is 
to the extent of about INR13 crores, INR14 crores. 
Aejas Lakhani: Understood. So sir, incrementally, going into next year, our employee cost on a quarterly run 
rate, of course, depending upon the payouts, etcetera, will remain in that broad range of INR380 
crores, INR390 crores ballpark there plus the increment cycle. Is that broadly correct? 
S. V. Krishnan: We think so. I mean, in terms of working capital, we are quite at it. Interest rate, we only see 
that coming down across the board. So we don't expect any major movement. 
Aejas Lakhani: Okay. And sir, could you just also speak about the fact that you've called out that we are probably 
at the cusp of a refresh cycle. But given that chip shortages are getting more acute, there is a 
price hike, which is imminent. Hari sir even mentioned that  this could, of course, have some 
===== PDF page 11 =====
  Redington Limited 
  February 05, 2026 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Information Classification: RL\General Business\Redington  
impact on volumes incrementally. Does that set up a situation where the refresh cycle is getting 
delayed and volumes could be a little bit under pressure in the next year? 
V. S. Hariharan: Yes. I think it is very possible. We're still not seeing that refresh cycle on the 10 to 11 that active 
anymore. People are delaying those refresh cycles. But given the price increases, I think it's 
highly possible that volumes could be under pressure while ASPs go up and margins will remain 
similar, but volumes could be under pressure because it looks like it's going to -- the industry is 
going to take 12 to 18 months to recover from the whole increasing the manufacturing of 
components and ramps for meeting the requirement. 
Aejas Lakhani: Understood. And sir, just finally, could you call out your growth outlook for each of the 
geographies and any headwinds you see in specific markets? 
V. S. Hariharan: Okay. So I mean, I'll start with business unit. So clearly, ESG, the End Point Solutions Group 
and PCs, while the short term looks rosy, there will be some headwinds in terms of quantity 
availability, how do we do supply-demand matching, etcetera. And that will be across. And on 
the Mobility side, India continues to be strong. 
 I think the premium segment in India and the direct-to-retail, all of that, we continue to see some 
good traction, and we continue to see that going forward, whereas I think we see some of that in 
Middle East, Africa, and we could see Mobility slow down a little bit in the next few quarters 
and not be as rosy as what we have seen in the last 2, 3 quarters. 
 When it comes to TSG, we definitely are seeing some correction on the on -prem to cloud 
migration. So if you look at our TSG business this quarter, we declined 7%, but that's partly 
linearity. But for the year, YTD is a 5% growth. And we are increasing our focus there both on 
gross margin and top line growth. 
 However, there are limited opportunities. The bigger ones there is data center deals. We 
definitely will continue to look at what data center deals can count for us from a ROCE 
perspective and continue to participate there. So I see a bit of -- the growth may not be double 
digit, but high single digits. SSG will continue to be the 40% plus growth in all markets, and 
we'll see that across India, Middle East, Africa, Turkey and Southeast Asia. 
 So that's how we see it. So SSG across , Mobility continue in India. ESG, we will maximize 
based on availability and TSG will be what we do today in run rate and data center focus. India 
will continue to be --  India less headwind and Middle East, KSA and UAE. UAE, very good 
strong momentum. 
 Saudi Arabia has actually reprioritized and you might have heard even on the Vision 2030, they 
have delayed some of the participation of the big international events, etcetera. So clearly, we 
are seeing there a little bit of a challenge, but we'll continue to grow, but not as hot as we've 
grown in the previous -- not the year gone by, but the year before that. Africa continues to be 
promising, especially for SSG and TSG. Southe ast Asia, we're just getting started. So we'll see 
where we go on that, but that's where we are. 
===== PDF page 12 =====
  Redington Limited 
  February 05, 2026 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Information Classification: RL\General Business\Redington  
 Sarath Reddy: Thank you, Hari. Good morning. This is Sarath. Good morning, Mr. Krishnan. I'd like a 
clarification on one aspect that we've discussed in earlier -- in fact, I think in the previous call, 
where Mr. Krishnan, you guided us saying there could be a need given the high growth rate, 
there could be a need for an increase in working capital. On the other hand, we are seeing quite 
a significant improvement and a significant reduction in working capital. 
 In fact, this is probably one of the lowest levels of interest plus factoring cost that I think we've 
seen in a long time. Could you help us understand these improvements in working capital? Are 
they sustainable? 
S. V. Krishnan: Okay. So is this the lowest outside of COVID?  This is the lowest , both in terms of working 
capital days as well as in terms of interest cost. Just to tell you, interest cost for 9 months outside 
of Arena is 22 bps of revenue, which is one of the lowest that we had seen. I can only tell you 
the intensity at which the working capital is getting defined across the board is very high. Having 
said that, the market reality is not that easy. 
 Some advantage we get on account of higher growth in the Mobility business. But having said 
that, there is a risk of increasing -- increase in working capital. We keep telling you that the 
normal range will be between 35 to 40 days. I think -- I mean, on a steady-state basis, that's the 
range that we all need to look for. Second, with the data center type of a business, which requires 
sometimes high working capital deployment. 
 Second, the growth in SSG and the growth in TSG, which calls for higher working capital, we 
also need to watch out for the mix. As there is a high growth, there is a possibility for higher 
capital. And we today have enough legroom for capturing additional growth, and that's a 
comfortable situation to be in. But is there an upside risk, the upside risk is there. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Tarang from Old Bridge. 
Tarang: Just a couple of questions. Firstly, on gross margin, perplexed slightly because if I see on a year-
on-year basis... 
S. V. Krishnan: You are -- I think we lost you for a few seconds. Can you start from the beginning, Tarang,  
please? 
Tarang: Yes, yes. So on gross margin, just perplexed a little bit because if I see on a year-on-year basis, 
your TSG business has degrown, okay? And secondly, there seem to be some pricing tailwinds 
when it comes to the ESG business, which has grown by about 21%, which is higher than the 
consolidated average. 
 So one would have presumed that all these factors would have resulted in higher gross margins 
and especially because composition, the mix has improved in favor of businesses which are 
generally accretive. So I'm just curious as to why has this come across? So I understand the 
Paynet -- sorry, the Arena argument that you called out, but is there some dissonance in my 
understanding? 
===== PDF page 13 =====
  Redington Limited 
  February 05, 2026 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Information Classification: RL\General Business\Redington  
S. V. Krishnan: No. Okay. See, ESG, can that result in higher gross margin marginally, very marginally -- like 
it was answered for the previous question, I mean, the price increase that's happening hasn't 
resulted in any extra margin for us in this segment or in this quarter at least. In TSG... 
Tarang: It hasn't resulted. I'm sorry, it hasn't resulted in any increase in gross margins, is it? 
S. V. Krishnan: Yes. But your voice is not very clear, Mr. Tarang, but we have understood, not a problem. So 
TSG, very clearly, there is a drop. And the drop is on account of the drop in the gross margin 
that's happening in the business and also on account of the inventory provisions that we need to 
take. 
 So both these -- it is more a market environment, but we are trying to address in the best possible 
manner that we can. There is an excess competition in this space. Even the brands are 
compressed in terms of margins. So we see not much legroom in terms of  increasing the gross 
margin unilaterally. That's where we are. 
Tarang: Got it. Got it. And one would presume then the margin compression in the TSG business has 
been quite palpable for the simple reason that despite the reduction or despite a superior mix, 
we've seen an overall dilution to some extent? 
S. V. Krishnan: The answer is yes. 
Tarang: Okay. The second question is great work on net working capital days. Just curious how much of 
those days reduction was on account of your distribution business coming off? In other words, 
were working capital days of the distribution business that you have  hived off was inherently 
more than ROW average? 
S. V. Krishnan: When you say coming off, are you talking about the Arena one? 
Tarang: Yes. So the Vodafone distribution transaction that you've called off, right, I'm sure that would 
have also had an implication on your working capital days. So I'm just curious how much of it 
is on account of operational synergies? How much of it is on account of some working capital -
intensive businesses you clearing yourselves out of those businesses? 
S. V. Krishnan: Okay. Let me answer it this way. I don't have a very sharp answer. See, in Arena, our debt levels 
used to be in the range of INR 130 million, INR140 million last quarter. Now -- for the quarter 
end, we have dropped sub INR100 million. 
 Maybe on an average, we can take for the current quarter, we would be at about INR110 million 
or so. So there is a INR30 million drop, say, that had happened in the case of Arena for whatever 
reasons. That's about INR300 crores. But having said that, I'm just making a comparison between 
last December and the current December. Our net debt is down by INR1,000 crores, INR1,000 
crores absolute value. 
 And going by just the calculation of INR 300 crores for Arena, the rest of the business, even 
though had grown by 22%, the net debt has come down -- I mean, the net debt has come down 
by INR700 crores. So I'm just giving you a rough calculation. So to answer you, is the rest of 
===== PDF page 14 =====
  Redington Limited 
  February 05, 2026 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Information Classification: RL\General Business\Redington  
the business working capital debt levels have come down? Answer is yes. It's just not on account 
of Arena. 
Tarang: Got it. Sir, given the potential intensity of working capital increasing in the business and given 
how certain parts of the business, you're seeing tailwinds, whereas in some parts of the business, 
you're seeing some element of gross margin compression. How confident are you to be able to 
maintain this 21% to 23% clip on return going forward and continuing to grow your business? 
S. V. Krishnan: Our internal target, I mean, that's the threshold which we would not want to breach is 16% for 
sure. Our expectation, we should range between 18% to 20%. ROCE for this quarter at 22.1%. 
I don't want you to consider this as sustainable. Could become sustainable in a few years once 
the SSG scales. 
 But right now, I think you should be looking at between 18% to 20%, and I think we are fairly 
confident to maintain that. 
Tarang: Got it. And sir, last question on the SSG business because in Hari sir's opening comments, he 
did call out incremental investments on the opex front. So just trying to understand on the SSG 
business, is the absolute EBITDA growth of the business higher than the revenue growth there? 
Just trying to understand the element of operating leverage that could play out in that business. 
V. S. Hariharan: Yes. I'll give some general comments to begin with, and then Krishnan, you can jump in exactly 
the numbers. See, clearly, there are two areas we need to invest in, people and technology. And 
some of it we have done over the last couple of years, and we're going to intensify that going 
forward because we believe we will get above average profitability, both at the EBITDA level 
and the PAT level. And so we are working towards that. 
 And -- but as Krishnan mentioned, we need to get scale. And the opportunity is large and the 
way we are growing, if you can see the 40% growth on top line, which is available across all the 
subsegments of the business, then we can actually realize the investment and the return on 
investment over the 3-year period. 
S. V. Krishnan: It may not give operating leverage in the short term. Definitely, medium  to long term, it will 
give operating leverage. As we speak now, we are not spending enough, but that's going to come 
in. So maybe for some time, the leverage may not be visible. The opex could be more than what 
we would normally see. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Shrinarayan from Baroda BNP Paribas AMC. 
Shrinarayan: My first question is on SISA. So SISA revenues posted 24% growth, but only 1% to 2% EBITDA 
and PAT growth, while rest of the world EBITDA and PAT growth was in line with revenue 
growth. So can you explain the divergence between 2 business verticals? 
S. V. Krishnan: Okay. So within SISA, India distribution had done fairly well. But as we discussed in 
ProConnect, we have had a onetime charge on account of the goodwill impairment for about 
INR9.2 million and odd. Plus in SSA, which is Singapore and South Asia, we also had some AR 
provision that's coming in on account of some collect -- I mean, collectability issue in 
===== PDF page 15 =====
  Redington Limited 
  February 05, 2026 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Information Classification: RL\General Business\Redington  
Bangladesh. That's again a one-off. These have resulted in SSA profitability being lower. Sorry, 
want to correct. The ProConnect one, INR9.2 crores, not million, sorry. 
Shrinarayan: Yes, yes. So all this is done now? Or do we expect Q4 also to be similar? 
S. V. Krishnan: No, no. Done. Q4 will come back clearly in both the businesses. 
Shrinarayan: Okay. Okay. And sir, regarding this impairment, so is this related to, I mean, specific geography 
and why we could not able to identify this when we impaired Turkey business earlier. So what 
was the trigger for this impairment? 
S. V. Krishnan: See, impairment just happens on a continuous basis. It gets done periodically. It also gets done 
whenever we see some events happening. So when we see that the specific customers keep going 
in for RFQs every 1 or 2 years, we are bidding for it. We are getting it. 
 We also feel there is a good chance we will get it this time, but it's a view that you need to take 
and there is a probability that is attached into this. So it is a view that we have to take along with 
auditors on some of this. 
Shrinarayan: Okay. So are there any geographies which are in your watch list as of now with respect to 
impairment that you see there might be some risk in next 2, 3 quarters? 
S. V. Krishnan: Okay. See, Turkey has always been a volatile market. We discussed enough about Turkey, what 
we are doing, how are we correcting, etcetera. So,  if there are any untoward situations, that's 
another aspect that we need to keep in mind. Other than… 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Sahil Doshi from Thinqwise Management. 
Sahil Doshi: Sir, just checking again on the SISA related to the Bangladesh impact, could you quantify that? 
And secondly, I just wanted to understand the gross margins which we have reported in SISA 
one of the lowest, if I see from the COVID times at 4.33%. So there's  almost a 41 bps 
compression here on a Y -o-Y basis. So could you just help understand this a little better that 
what's really playing out here? 
S. V. Krishnan: Okay. So Bangladesh, that AR charge is about $1.4 million. SISA gross margin, see, even in the 
past, if you make a comparison in terms of gross margins, India gross margins were on the lower 
side. The overseas gross margins used to be on the higher side. H owever, from a PAT 
perspective, India would still be at a higher percentage because of low opex. 
 The operating leverage in the India business is quite high. So this is one of the things that we see 
in terms of overall gross margin as the India pie keeps going up, the gross margin percentage 
weighted average will come down, may not be significantly, but it will come down because India 
gross margin is on the lower side. 
 So this is one general aspect, Sahil. Second, the MSG business, as Hari mentioned, both Android 
and this thing non-Android has been growing quite attractively. And this is one aspect which is 
also from a margin perspective is impacting, but ROCE is maintai ned because ROCE is quite 
stronger as far as MSG is concerned. 
===== PDF page 16 =====
  Redington Limited 
  February 05, 2026 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Information Classification: RL\General Business\Redington  
 And this gives us advantage in the form of working capital while in SSG and TSG working 
capital is higher, that gets majorly funded by the growth in MSG business on the working capital 
advantage we get out of it. 
Sahil Doshi: No, I really appreciate that, sir. But structurally, is there a margin pressure playing out in SISA 
in particular because the decline is pretty concerning in terms of -- if I see the PAT margin as 
well, it's almost 30 basis point decline in the SISA business. So -- and the mix of MSG actually 
on a Y -o-Y basis is pretty constant. So, if you had to see it in that, what other factors do you 
believe is really impacting here? 
V. S. Hariharan: Again, I don't think there's a structural issue. We did talk about TSG, there is a margin 
compression. But in terms of MSG, ESG and SSG, we see stable margins there. The mix of the 
business is what is contributing to the gross margin decline as we see it. But in the TSG business 
specifically, there is a margin dip 
S. V. Krishnan: See, Sahil, the opex percentage in the India distribution business is 1.3%, very fine, okay? So 
the -- I mean, the profitability is protected, margins are lower and the PAT percentage for this 
quarter is 1.43%, very similar to what we see at the global level. 
Sahil Doshi: Understood, sir. I appreciate that, sir. Sir, secondly, I just wanted to check if you see the --  we 
give the top revenue contributor at the top 5. And if I see Dell in particular for the last 2 quarters, 
there has been significant decline. Is this on account of the entire supply chain issue? Or is there 
any other loss of business or geography or something on that sort? 
V. S. Hariharan: You're talking about brand now? 
Sahil Doshi: Yes. 
V. S. Hariharan: Clearly, I mentioned this in my opening comments and later as well. We do see a movement 
from on-prem to cloud, clearly, and that's one of the things that's driving the lower growth on 
our Technology Solutions Group and why the Hyperscalers are picking up some of that growth 
and also the data center piece, that's kind of driving that. We continue to be a very strong player 
in Dell. We continue to be -- enjoy a good share. But just the fact that more people are moving 
from on-prem to cloud is driving some of that. 
Sahil Doshi: Sure. And just lastly on Turkey, on Arena, I just wanted to check, we had called out that as we 
get out of the distribution business, there could be certain onetime costs related to that. So is 
there anything on account of that in this quarter? And how do we think about Arena from Q4 
onwards? What should be a steady-state business in terms of revenue and incrementally 
thereafter? 
S. V. Krishnan: See, whenever you exit any business, there will obviously be some leftover cost and exit costs. 
This is quite normal. I'm sure you acknowledge that. And we are in the process of exiting. Some 
part of cost we have taken this time, this quarter, some part we  expect will come in even next 
quarter. By March or April, I think we should be fully through. From then on, you will see more 
of the steady-state business, which is the core IT business. 
===== PDF page 17 =====
  Redington Limited 
  February 05, 2026 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Information Classification: RL\General Business\Redington  
Sahil Doshi: Sure, sir. Value-wise, that will be $400 million, sir? 
S. V. Krishnan: Okay. See, from a point to point, if you take the answer is yes. For last year, they were a little 
over $1 billion. This year, we expect that to be about half of that. But in between, there are 
actually many things, that's a long story. But yes, you can take about 50% drop in the revenue. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Samay Sabnis from Helios Capital. 
Samay Sabnis: I just have one question from my side. So I see there was a heavy capex of INR112 crores in Q3. 
So could you just share some color where this was deployed? 
V. S. Hariharan: Heavy capex? 
Samay Sabnis: Yes. 
S. V. Krishnan: Okay. I'll come back. Give us some time. 
Samay Sabnis: Okay. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter Cyclical Investments. 
Madhur Rathi: Sir, we had mentioned -- we were expecting the TSG deal segment to pick up in H2 of FY '26. 
But I think because of margin pressure and if you could just help us understand how do we see 
this segment scaling up because you have mentioned that there are clear headwinds that we see 
either on the shortage side or on the margin pressure side? 
V. S. Hariharan: So as we mentioned earlier also, the TSG deals, definitely, you're right, Q3 and Q4, we have a 
seasonality uptick in the second half. And we did mention that we have closed some very nice 
deals where we have not got all the recognition in Q3. 
 But going forward in Q4 and Q1, the timings have moved out. So, you will see that happening. 
We also will start sharing when we are ready in terms of what are the sizes of the deals in every 
quarter, which are large deals. But clearly, you'll see that uptick happening. But from a linearity, 
we lost a lot, but we will continue to -- we are continuing to work on the deals and you will see 
that growth. 
S. V. Krishnan: Okay. For your earlier question on fixed assets, it is quite spread. There are some investments 
that we are doing in ProConnect, both in India as well as in Middle East. These are in the form 
of investment in warehouses, etcetera. Second is, as Hari mentioned in his opening remarks, we 
are also in the process of setting up certain AI COEs and a part of that cost will be in fixed assets. 
It is a INR60 crores increase in net assets from INR 591 crores to INR653 crores on a year -on-
year basis. 
Madhur Rathi: Sir, I wanted to understand regarding the ESG segment and what is the additional price hike do 
we expect from our discussions with the OEM? And the current --  what we understand is that 
there has been a 20% price hike. So is this passed on to the consumer level currently? Or this is 
currently on the distribution level and sooner or later -- and when do we expect this to be passed 
===== PDF page 18 =====
  Redington Limited 
  February 05, 2026 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Information Classification: RL\General Business\Redington  
on to the consumer level? Because you mentioned that most of the demand currently is coming 
from our channel partners and the sub-distributors? 
V. S. Hariharan: Yes. The price rises clearly will be passed on to the consumer. And I think there was a window 
of opportunity and time where there's still the OEMs are sitting on older stock, which got moved 
out because there was a window for people to take advantage of. But as we already see in Q3, 
prices have increased, and there is a new set of price increases in the coming quarter as well. 
And all of these will be passed on to the customer. 
 The only thing as Krishnan said earlier, we are not seeing any advantage on additional gross 
margins for us, but the price is all being passed on to the customer. 
Madhur Rathi: Sir, I was trying to understand, have the prices been passed on to the consumers currently? Or 
it's yet to reflect maybe because of some date where these prices would increase going forward? 
V. S. Hariharan: Yes. Some of it is already passed on to the customers, very clearly in Q3 already. And there will 
be a mix of old inventory and new inventory. So the channels will be sitting on both of them. 
But all the new inventory that's going in, in Q3 and upcoming quarters, the price increases are 
definitely in the new inventory is all going to the customer. 
Madhur Rathi: Got it. Sir, just a final question from my end. Sir, on the Software business side, we do close to 
6% gross margins. So how much of that would actually flow to our EBITDA or the PAT 
margins? And sir, my assumption was this business is a working capital negative business, but 
you mentioned that --  so if you could just help us -- help me if I'm wrong on that front?  And 
what kind of working capital days do we require for this business? 
S. V. Krishnan: See, you are right, the gross margin is high. Even the PAT percentage compared to the other 
business verticals is higher. But working capital being negative, there is some wrong notion. It 
is not negative. What is not there in the space is inventory.  But having said that, if you look at 
our AR base, the expectation is high. So in a way, this AR base increase also compensates for 
inventory not being there. Having said that, because of higher margins and higher growth, our 
ROCE is quite attractive. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for the day. I now hand the conference over to 
the management for the closing comments. 
V. S. Hariharan: Thank you so much for all your great questions. We hope that we were able to answer most of 
them satisfactorily. And we look forward to talking to you again in a few months and look 
forward to this quarter. And thanks again for listening to us. Thank you. 
S. V. Krishnan: Thank you. 
Moderator: On behalf of Redington Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. You 
may now disconnect your lines. 