===== PDF page 1 =====
Registered & Corporate Office 
Redington Limited 
Block3, Plathin, Redington Tower, Inner Ring 
Road, Saraswathy Nagar West, 4th Street, 
Puzhuthivakkam, Chennai -600091 
Email: investors@redingtongroup.com 
CIN: L52599TN1961PLC028758 
www. redingtongroup.com 
Ph: 044 4224 3111 
 
 
 
November 12, 2025 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited,  
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051.  
 
Symbol: REDINGTON  
BSE Limited  
Floor 25, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai — 400 001 
 
 
Scrip: 532805 
 
 
Sir/Madam,   
 
Sub: Q2 - FY 2026 - Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
This is further to our letter dated October 31, 2025 , intimating the details of Investor/Analyst 
call on the audited financial results for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025, 
held on November 06, 2025.  No unpublished price sensitive information was shared/discussed 
in the meeting/ call. 
 
In this regard, we are enclosing herewith the transcript of the conference. The same is available 
in Company’s website at https://redingtongroup.com/wp-
content/uploads/2025/11/Earnings-Call-Transcript-Q2FY26-FINAL.pdf.  
 
We request you to take this information on record. 
 
Thank you 
 
For Redington Limited 
 
 
 
K Vijayshyam Acharya  
Company Secretary   
 
Encl: a/a 
===== PDF page 2 =====
  Page 1 of 19 
 
Information Classification: RL\General Business\Redington  
  
 
  
“Redington Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 06, 2025 
 
“E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on November 06, 2025, will prevail.” 
 
 
            
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. V S HARIHARAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – REDINGTON 
LIMITED 
 MR. S.V. KRISHNAN – FINANCE DIRECTOR – 
REDINGTON LIMITED 
 MS. PALAK AGRAWAL – GENERAL MANAGER, 
INVESTOR RELATIONS – REDINGTON LIMITED 
  
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Redington Limited Q2 and H1 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call.  This conference call may contain forward -looking statements about the 
company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date 
of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 

===== PDF page 3 =====
        Redington Limited 
  November 06, 2025 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Information Classification: RL\General Business\Redington  
 As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing st ar, then zero on your touch-
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. V.S. Hariharan, Managing Director and Group Chief 
Executive Officer of Redington Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
V.S. Hariharan: Thank you. A very good morning to everyone. It's a pleasure to be here, and I'm delighted to 
share with you our results for Q2 '26. This has been our best quarter so far from a revenue 
perspective recording nearly INR 29,118 crores of revenue. With a quarterly profit of INR 388 
crores, the profitability was the best Q2 ever. 
 Our revenues grew at 17%, with EBITDA and PAT growing faster than revenues. Overall, PAT 
for the group was standing at 1.33% for the quarter, and excluding Arena, PAT was at 1.57%. 
 It is a continuing story of profitable growth with growth coming back strongly across all business 
segments and many geographies. From a geography perspective, the revenue growth was 
contributed by a strong growth in many geographies. 
 As I said earlier, India at 23%, UAE at 23%, Saudi Arabia at 10%. If you remember, last year 
around the same quarter, we had a growth challenge, and we have recovered well. GCCL, newly 
formed cluster consisting of GCC countries outside of UAE and Levant countries grew at 22%. 
 Africa continued to be stable at 8%. Overall, a very strong performance with PAT growing faster 
than revenues across most geographies.  As I said earlier, all business units contributed well to 
the growth. Mobility grew by 18%, contributing to 35% of the top line, driven by stronger 
demand in the premium segment, impactful NPIs. This quarter, we have NPIs and that had a 
good impact. 
 And a very strong execution in the direct-to-retail segment in India during the quarter. The ESG 
business, consisting of PCs, grew by 11%, contributing to 32% of the top line due to PC business 
growth, both in India and ME. We see signs of the PC refresh cycle. And we also see increased 
AI PC penetration, especially in the commercial space, and we see that in India, and estimate 
that the growth could be higher in the second half of the year if this trend continues. 
 Technology Solutions grew by 9%, contributing to 16% of the top line due to higher enterprise 
demand. I wanted to spend some specific time on Software Solutions Group. As you remember, 
over the last few quarters, we've been talking about our increased focus on Software Solutions. 
 And now we have brought the various pieces into one Software Solutions Group, consisting of 
cloud hyperscaler business, cybersecurity business, application software and professional 
services. 
 This is the first quarter we are reporting the results at this group in this new form. It grew by 
48%, contributing to 16% of the top line. If you remember, we talked about it the previous 
===== PDF page 4 =====
        Redington Limited 
  November 06, 2025 
Page 3 of 19 
 
Information Classification: RL\General Business\Redington  
quarter that this group for last year grew somewhere between 20%  and 25%, so we clearly see 
signs of accelerated growth in this area. 
 As I said earlier, there are 4 pieces in it. There is the cloud hyperscaler business, cybersecurity, 
application software and professional services, and all of them recorded good double -digit 
growth. It also delivered higher-than-average PAT compared to the group, which contributed to 
our results being what it is. 
 In the cloud segment, we are working with the hyperscalers and continue to take advantage of 
the cloud transition and digital transformation, which enterprises and large SMEs are going 
through. In the cybersecurity and the software business, we have been focused on increasing the 
breadth of our offering, signing up more brands as it makes sense, and increasing the intensity 
of our go-to-market and the focus with the brands towards gaining wallet share. 
 This is reflected in our growth in SSG of 53% in SISA and 44% in rest of the world. Overall, 
there are umpteen opportunities that SSG can offer through subscription models and solutions.  
Now where are we investing? We continue to invest on the digital platform, CloudQuarks. We 
have been talking about that. We already have the platform, and we are continuing to improve 
it to add more analytics, to add white labelling, to add automation, to add marketplaces, etc. 
 We are investing in technical presales teams. We are investing in Redington Academy to train 
and create certified professionals, both inside and outside the company.  We're creating 
ecosystems in just marketplaces where we can bring managed print service providers and ISVs  
together with the products to get complete solutions for our customers, which is what 
increasingly in this new world of cloud and AI people are looking for. 
 So, all in all, I think we have had a good growth on SSG, and we hope to continue to maintain 
this momentum with our investments. I think the beginning of a journey.  Moving on to 
operations. I want to talk a little bit about working capital and opex, very efficient management 
of working capital and a higher mix towards mobility led to the overall lowering of working 
capital days to 31.  Opex continues to be managed well and grow slower than revenue, grew at 
9% year-on-year, giving us good operating leverage. 
 Now talking a little bit about our subsidiary Arena. They continue to wait through economic 
challenges in the country, while inflation and policy rates have been coming down over the last 
couple of months and interest rates -- the central bank rates have gone below 40, and the inflation 
rates have also come down while still remaining at stress levels. 
 We continue to remain watchful in the concordat cases. This quarter, in order to reduce interest 
costs in Turkey and to minimize local currency exposure, Arena has decided to divest from their 
Connect Vodafone contract. This was announced earlier, and this should help us as we navigate 
forward in terms of improvement in our profitability. 
 There were some one-off impacts as a result of this transaction in the current quarter. The overall 
loss in Arena was INR 37 crores, our share of the loss. Over the last few quarters, just to bring 
everyone's memory up in terms of the actions that's been taken, Arena has taken a series of 
actions starting with Paynet divestment, tightening of working capital and opex, managing AR 
===== PDF page 5 =====
        Redington Limited 
  November 06, 2025 
Page 4 of 19 
 
Information Classification: RL\General Business\Redington  
more closely, divesting from the local currency business, all heading to improve the healt h of 
the business. 
 We remain hopeful to steer this in the right direction with Arena leadership. We're also proud to 
share the news that VAR India for FY '25 has awarded Redington as number 1 IT distributor in 
India. 
 This is the third consecutive year in a row, and we are also happy to share that the lead has 
increased between number 1 and number 2. This could not have been possible without the 
support of brands and partners and, of course, a fantastic leadership and execution team in India, 
the Redington team. 
 During this quarter, we have participated in many customer and partner events in many of the 
geographies we are in. The notable amongst them was the GITEX in Dubai, which happened 
last month. 
 It was a great event to reconnect with many brands and many partners across the Middle East, 
Africa, Turkey region and build on our growth story further. We're also investing in many AI 
capabilities, and we will share the plans and the executions in the upcoming quarters. 
 I'd like to thank everyone of you for believing in us through our journey, and we look forward 
to your questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question -and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Nitin Padmanabhan from Investec. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: You have disclosed the SSG, I think, combined it and given it, so thanks for that.  Just wanted 
your thoughts on since we have it as a separate sort of thing, both cloud and I think put together, 
how would the working capital intensity here be related to the rest of the business? If you could 
just give a comparison versus the company average working capital? How would this look? 
S.V. Krishnan: Nitin, SSG, we have normally lower working capital, but not significantly lesser. When 
compared to the company average, you can take -- it will be more or less similar level. What 
you should note is the company average is mainly on account of MSG, where the working capital 
is much lower. That gives us an advantage. But SSG is around the company average. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: The second thing was, I think you had mentioned that there is pickup in the PC refresh cycle and 
the AI PCs and so on and so forth.  And we could -- if it continues, it's possible that the second 
half could be stronger. Is this common true across markets or is this specific to India? 
V.S. Hariharan: Thanks, Nitin. I think we largely see the trend in India. Overseas is still a little bit flattish. It's a 
single-digit growth, but we are seeing a higher single digit or lower double digits in India.  
Specifically on AI, we've seen about 22% of our commercial PCs in this quarter came from the 
AI classified PCs. 
 So, we see a good trend. And if I see the last 6, 7 months of activation of PCs from the numbers 
we see, we -- clearly, there is a growth compared to the previous year. There's a growth 
===== PDF page 6 =====
        Redington Limited 
  November 06, 2025 
Page 5 of 19 
 
Information Classification: RL\General Business\Redington  
consistently every month in India. So, we definitely see the trend in the right direction in India. 
Overseas, yet to be seen.  There is encouragement, but not enough of a window to call out that 
we are going to see growth going forward. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: And then just 2 quick ones. So one is on the Arena, the INR 37 crores, which is our share of it. 
That entire -- how much would be the one-off? Last quarter, there were provisions, and that led 
to a INR40 crore kind of a loss. This time, those provisions are maybe significantly lower, but 
we still have a INR37 crore loss. So how much would be the one-off there? 
 And the second question was, by when do you think we should start seeing the benefits of the 
Vodafone Connect sale in our numbers? When should we sort of resume that broadly? So those 
were the 2 questions? 
S.V. Krishnan: Nitin, for the current year in terms of dollar terms, $8.5 million is a loss.  vis -à-vis overall for 
previous quarter about $9.5 million. If that needs to get split in 2, what relates to one -off very 
specific to the Connect sale, it's about $3.4 million. 
 One-off, which are outside of this, it could relate to some rediscounting charges, etc., it's about 
some $2.5 million. What is steady state Arena IT plus loss is about $2.6 million, which, for last 
quarter, about $3.6 million. So,  has that come down? The loss has come down in the core 
business, but others are one-off for the current quarter. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: And the -- yes. 
S.V. Krishnan: Sorry, I haven't addressed your second question. See that sale got concluded towards the end or 
beginning of the current quarter. We are in the process of consuming -- let's say, consummating 
it, which will also involve collection of some outstandings that  will continue  till -- this in Q3 
and some part in Q4. So, a good part of the benefit should start kicking in towards the later part 
of the current quarter and mostly from Q4, but fully from next financial year. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Deepak Lalwani from Unifi Capital. 
Deepak Lalwani: Congratulations, team, for a stellar performance from a delivery standpoint. It's a very strong 
execution quarter. So, kudos to the entire management team and the efforts that you have been 
doing to turn around the business. It's a great reflection this quarter of the efforts and the reaping 
of rewards of the same? 
 So, with that, I have a couple of questions. The first one is, sir, could you call out that due to 
Arena Connect, what will be the extent of revenue, EBITDA, interest and debt reduction that we 
will see in Turkey? 
S.V. Krishnan: Revenue will be in the range of about some $300 million. Debt, if all this gets fully closed, we 
could have an advantage of between $50 million to $55 million. 
Deepak Lalwani: And Krishnan, sir, the EBITDA and interest cost element as well, please? 
===== PDF page 7 =====
        Redington Limited 
  November 06, 2025 
Page 6 of 19 
 
Information Classification: RL\General Business\Redington  
S.V. Krishnan: See, interest cost, you can see at $50 million -- I mean, $55 million at 43%, 44% rate, you can 
work that out. EBITDA would be positive. I don't have the ready-made number. But at the PBT 
level, it's a clear loss. 
Deepak Lalwani: Sir, could you specifically also speak about the $20 million receivables that we had spoken about 
earlier? Will there be any incremental provisioning required for the same? And also, what do 
you think would be the key timelines  in which the Connect business would wind down? And 
when will that start to reflect in the operational uptick in our numbers? 
V.S. Hariharan: You want me to answer the second one while you need time. 
S.V. Krishnan: See, the second part of the question is just answered to Nitin's question. This will -- the benefit 
will start kicking in from Q3. But since the sale got consummated just now, in terms of ensuring 
all the inventories are handed over to them, all the ARs ar e collected, the benefit will be fully 
seen from beginning of next year and mostly from Q4. 
 The first question on concordat, some collections have happened in this quarter. If you recollect 
the previous quarter, I had mentioned all these are concordat cases. Definitely, it's going to be 
slow. And in our expectation, it will take about 18 to 24 months. So, this is going to happen only 
slowly. 
 Are there increase in the concordat cases? I mean still the higher number of concordat cases still 
there. Roughly in the current year, between January to September, about 4,400 cases had got 
reported, which normally would be in the range of 2,000 to 3,000 entities in a year. 
 And we feel whatever is balance, we should be able to collect. And we have to take a call as it 
stands at every quarter, and we don't foresee any major challenge, but it's going to take some 
time. 
Deepak Lalwani: The next one, sir, is could you just call out what has been the reason for the slightly more higher 
increase in working -- in the interest cost this quarter? And also, what has been the factoring cost 
for this number for this quarter? 
S.V. Krishnan: Okay. So overall, the factoring cost for this quarter is about INR 45 crores. And for last year, 
same period, about INR 33 crores. That takes the total interest and factoring cost to INR 161 
crores vis-a-vis INR117 crores last year, a 37% increase. 
 And there is an increase in Arena from INR 48 crores last year to INR 60 crores -- sorry, sorry, 
sorry -- in Arena from INR69 crores last year to INR101 crores in the current year, an increase 
of 46%. If you take that out, in the rest of the business, the increase is from INR 48 crores to 
INR60 crores, which is a 24% year-on-year increase. 
Deepak Lalwani: And sir, incrementally, how should we think about the interest cost going forward, sir? 
S.V. Krishnan: Okay. In the rest of the markets because of higher business growth, there will be absolute 
increase in the working capital. However, interest rates are coming down a bit slowly. We think 
the interest costs as a percentage of revenue should come down rest of Arena, outside of Arena. 
===== PDF page 8 =====
        Redington Limited 
  November 06, 2025 
Page 7 of 19 
 
Information Classification: RL\General Business\Redington  
 In Arena, the 2 steps which Hari mentioned, one, the sale of Connect, and we are also in the 
process of winding down our Turkish lira business, these 2, ideally in the next 6 months, should 
be fully affected, too. If that happens, you will see a significant reduction both in the debt levels 
as well as in the interest costs. 
 See, the important point is the interest cost today is very high in Arena because of Turkish lira 
loans. If we exit or wind down significantly the Turkish lira business, then the debt that we need 
to raise in the local currency is much lower. And to that e xtent, the incremental benefit will be 
significant, or the interest reduction will be significant. 
Deepak Lalwani: And sir, it's fair to assume that the Connect business that we've sold had a large component of 
the Turkish lira. So as that business is going up... 
S.V. Krishnan: 100% Turkish lira. 
Deepak Lalwani: Got it, sir. 
S.V. Krishnan: It's 100% Turkish lira business. 
Deepak Lalwani: Noted, sir. And sir, just my final question is, how should we think about your incremental opex? 
Is your current opex adequate to support this high revenue growth that you continue to do? And 
also, could you specifically call out an outlook region-wise for the businesses in the second half? 
V.S. Hariharan: Okay. Let me try and attempt that. So firstly, we continue to see growth on SSG with the 
momentum we are building. And that will require continued investment, as I mentioned, on 
presales, platforms, academy, a whole lot of things. 
 So clearly, we will invest and there will be more opex going there. But the return on investment 
will also be very good. We -- as I mentioned, the gross margins are higher on that business, and 
the profitability levels are higher than the Redington average. So,  we clearly see more 
investments. We're getting leverage because of the larger revenue size and growth. 
 In terms of outlook, so far, India, UAE, KSA, all 3 geographies, we definitely see good outlooks. 
At least in the near term, the next 2, 3 quarters, there is good reason to believe in all business 
units as well, including mobility, there is a strong momentum on mobility, and we see that 
continuing for the next 2, 3 quarters. 
 As I mentioned, PC, we expect the PC growth to pick up if the trending, what we see in India is 
right. And we also have several deals in the pipeline on Technology Solutions, which we expect 
to fruition in Q3 and Q4, both in India and overseas. 
 So definitely, the outlook is positive and promising. I'm not able to give you a number, but it's 
promising. We will continue to invest some in the core business, more in the SSG business going 
forward. We're actually crafting up, as we speak, 3 -year plans  on how to look at multiyear 
investments for things like SSG in a way that we can get the right return on investment. 
===== PDF page 9 =====
        Redington Limited 
  November 06, 2025 
Page 8 of 19 
 
Information Classification: RL\General Business\Redington  
Deepak Lalwani: And sir, on the opex, could you just suggest that is the current opex enough to support the 
adequate high revenue growth as a percentage of revenues  or should we think that, that can go 
up incrementally? 
V.S. Hariharan: I would think it can go up incrementally, the opex as a percentage of revenue. You got good 
leverage this quarter. 
S.V. Krishnan: You need to look at opex in 2 forms. One, the core business; and the other one, investments 
related. What you see now, while there is an overall control on opex, if you see the core business 
removing the investment, the optimization is even further, right? 
 But on the investment part, which is what Hari mentioned, that we feel the investment need to 
be more to ensure the capability building is in proper form, and SSG is definitely looking very 
attractive, and that's our focus area  also. That, we think, we need to make right investment, and 
we shouldn't -- I mean, we should not miss the opportunity. 
V.S. Hariharan: But we will be mindful to keep opex percentage growth lower than the gross margin growth. 
That is always our intention. So, we'll definitely be working our own action plans to see how to 
keep that leverage going. 
S.V. Krishnan: I need to tell you one thing, which is a very important point. You all know the gross margin is x 
percentage, operating profit is about half of that, and PAT is about one -fourth of that. What we 
had observed, I mean, you can see from the numbers, from the incremental gross margin, what 
we have derived is almost half of that into the PAT, which very clearly shows, which is a point 
we have been making even in the last earnings call also on the large deals, right. 
 When we are able to generate incremental gross margin, keep opex and working capital under 
control, what will flow through into the profit will be significant. And that's what we had seen 
very clearly this quarter. 
Deepak Lalwani: Wonderful, sir. I wish you more quarters of such execution. All the best. 
V.S. Hariharan: Thank you. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Pratik Kothari from Unique PMS. 
Pratik Kothari: Yes. So first of all, congratulations, a very strong and quick come back in numbers.  So, one on 
TSG. Last quarter or last 2 quarters, you had called out some profitability pressures there. I mean 
you were winning large deals, but there were -- on working capital and profitability, you were 
seeing some issues. So, one growth this year is an outcome of that where we have let go of a few 
contracts? And just overall, how is that space shaping up? 
V.S. Hariharan: So again, let me just set the context. So, TSG, now the new TSG for us is really server, storage, 
networking, the hardware components. It had some of the software pieces which are moved to 
SSG. So clearly -- and when we start comparing, we'll compare TSG to TSG likewise. And the 
actual size of the business has got restated, as you will see in the percentage contribution of TSG 
to the overall business. 
===== PDF page 10 =====
        Redington Limited 
  November 06, 2025 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Information Classification: RL\General Business\Redington  
 We are definitely seeing good enterprise demand. We are seeing large deals. We will be 
selective. We will not let go our deals because as we mentioned in the last few quarters as well, 
it's important for us to be relevant in the space with our brands and vendors. And there is also a 
lot of Make in India brand coming up, and the data centre deals in India is growing up. 
 So, we will participate in these deals. And I think Krishnan had mentioned in the previous 
earnings call that we always look at by deal, what will be the ROCE that we'll get and what will 
be the profitability. 
 So, we will look at the balance of both. Clearly, if I look at a pure margin perspective, it might 
pull down the weighted average margin, but with the incremental margin and profitability, we'll 
get on the deals will only increase our leverage. 
 So that's how we will look at it. Clearly, we will go and -- go after deals, and we'll balance our 
risk and return. And that's how we're looking at it. And you will see we do have several deals in 
the pipeline coming up for the next 2 quarters, and some of them are fairly large, and we will go 
after them. And as and when we make -- make them happen, we'll also report and share with the 
group. 
S.V. Krishnan: These large deals are incremental revenue, Pratik. That's the way you should see. Outside of it, 
we will still ensure that is an interesting growth. And if there are opportunities, which are 
incremental where our cost increase are going to be marginal, we would want to handle those. 
Pratik Kothari: And sir, was this Vodafone agreement exit, I mean how much more the lira business stays in 
Arena? Or is it all USD? 
V.S. Hariharan: So, it's a progressive approach we are taking. So,  as Krishnan mentioned earlier, the Vodafone 
contract, all of it is 100% lira. There is some amount of consumer electronic business within the 
IT business that we have, which also we are exiting -- and might take another 1 quarter, 1.5 
quarters to get exit from that. 
 And then there is some channel business, which has to be done in lira. It is not a perfect market 
where I don't become relevant for a brand. If I don't do -- if I go with a brand, I have to operate 
in multiple channels. And so there might be some amount remaining there, but a smaller amount, 
where some channels do only business in lira. 
 And I can't work with the brand if I don't do both. So largely, by Q4, as Krishnan mentioned, 
both from the Vodafone contract and we call it the mixed business internally, which is basically 
lira business on specific products that we will exit. We might ha ve a small mix of channel 
business, which is -- I have to work with a brand which has got both. 
Pratik Kothari: And sir, last, more of a discussion point than a question. This 40% dividend payout, I mean, in 
years like this where we are seeing strong growth in possibly even going forward, I mean, should 
we think of being more flexible in terms of maybe paying out lo wer -- or maybe instead of 
paying out 40% every year, do it over 3, 5 years, such that we don't do it at cost of balance sheet 
and obviously, ramp this up and the growth slowers, but any thoughts around this, anything we 
can think of, instead of doing 40% every year? 
===== PDF page 11 =====
        Redington Limited 
  November 06, 2025 
Page 10 of 19 
 
Information Classification: RL\General Business\Redington  
V.S. Hariharan: So, thanks for the feedback. That's very heartening. And we will bring it to our Board as well 
and have a discussion. But your point is bang on because if -- we don't want to leave growth on 
the table at the cost of dividend because our current dividend policy and profitability allows us 
to grow 10%, 12%, and there is market growth available. We definitely value feedback like this, 
and we will bring it for discussion to the Board. 
S.V. Krishnan: And there are very good opportunities for growth. So,  we just want to be mindful not having 
enough leverage advantage should not be impacting recapturing that business. So,  we are very 
mindful of that. 
Pratik Kothari: Exactly, exactly. I mean does that dividend payout should not come in the way. I mean, it's better 
you reinvest a 20% ROCE and give it back to us? 
S.V. Krishnan: See when we don't have requirement for money, we would be very happy to give it back to you. 
I think there are requirements, we would want to give you better returns, that’s the objective. 
Pratik Kothari: Correct. And there are peer companies in markets who are doing this, where they change this 
dividend ratio based on the balance sheet that they have. I mean we can discuss this more later, 
but yes, thank you. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Sarvesh Gupta from Maximal Capital. 
Sarvesh Gupta: Congratulations on a good set of numbers. I think most of my questions have been answered, 
but just one question related to Arena, which I could not fully understand. So,  on the EBITDA 
side, so basically, we were incurring some losses. Now we have sold our lira business 
substantially. So, let's say, from FY '27 onwards, on a quarterly basis, what would be the change 
in EBITDA because of this transaction? 
S.V. Krishnan: Sarvesh, frankly, the EBITDA percentage in Arena is the highest within the group. The reason 
why it does not matter is because you know well, EBITDA is a factor of the interest rate.  At 
those interest rates, it's still not working out, and hence, we are making loss. So, from an 
EBITDA perspective, it may not be a big difference. 
 But from a profit before tax or after tax, it will make a difference. Our objective is to turn to 
profits. Right now, the visibility is reducing loss, maybe to make it nominal, but there are a lot 
of work to do in terms of converting the loss into profit, work have started, but it will take some 
time. 
Sarvesh Gupta: So, sir, you mentioned that the interest cost saving would be around, I think, $23 million. But 
what would be the EBITDA, let's say, for this quarter? If you take out the sales-related expenses 
and all, what will be the EBITDA for the remaining part of the Arena business for this quarter? 
S.V. Krishnan: Okay. I don't have a ready-made number. I think it would be north of 3%. 
Sarvesh Gupta: North on 3%? And what is the remaining sale that we have, sir? After the sale of the business, 
what is the going concern quarterly revenue? 
===== PDF page 12 =====
        Redington Limited 
  November 06, 2025 
Page 11 of 19 
 
Information Classification: RL\General Business\Redington  
S.V. Krishnan: We have Arena IT business, right? There are 3 parts of business. One is Connect, which has got 
divested, we discussed. Second, there are still more some TL-related businesses that we handle, 
and we are in the process of reducing that. 
 The third portion is the Arena IT business. If you recollect, Hari also mentioned, it is 
predominantly U.S. dollar and it is like any other IT business that we handle in the other parts 
of the world. 
V.S. Hariharan: That will be roughly around $500 million plus/minus, Sarvesh. And that business will continue. 
Right now, it's flat to decline because of the market situation. We expect it will be depending on 
the market size and our share, roughly $500 million next year as a number, if you have to start 
with. 
Sarvesh Gupta: And on the working capital side, is there a substantial difference between the lira business, which 
we sold and the remaining part of the business? 
S.V. Krishnan: It is higher. I won't say substantially higher. It is higher. So,  on one hand, we have working 
capital more than the normal. Second, the interest rates are higher, and hence, it's not viable. 
Sarvesh Gupta: And finally, sir, on the inorganic side, are the -- I was trying to look at some of the opportunities 
in the market. Are there such opportunities that we are finding? Or does it not add any value to 
us as such to do inorganic? 
V.S. Hariharan: We always explore this. One area where we are exploring is the Software Solutions Group 
because that's an area that's evolving very nicely in terms of a lot of new things, new areas of 
capability, new areas of competency we need to build. 
 And more small inorganic opportunities is what we're looking at. I don't think we are ready at 
this stage because we are learning as well that cybersecurity, for example, is a big growth area, 
and it is  right for distribution because the MSSP, the security practices is almost a 20% of the 
security product businesses security practices.  
 And a lot of our existing partners do this, but it's a very complex area and growing very rapidly. 
Clearly, between security, between cloud and some of the competencies we want to build, we 
are exploring, I would say, very early stages right now. 
Sarvesh Gupta: All the best for the coming quarters. 
S.V. Krishnan: Thank you. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Lakshminarayanan from Tunga Investments. 
Lakshminarayanan: Just one question. In terms of the SISA business, how the Android phones are actually growing. 
Just want to understand that particular part? 
V.S. Hariharan: So, I'll give 2 perspectives. I'll give India and overseas. Clearly, that's been one of our very nice 
growth drivers, and I think I alluded to it in my opening presentation. We work with 2 premium 
brands. The premium part of the market in India is growing very nicely. And of course, Apple 
===== PDF page 13 =====
        Redington Limited 
  November 06, 2025 
Page 12 of 19 
 
Information Classification: RL\General Business\Redington  
is a very strong player there, but a couple of the Android brands have also moved very, very 
nicely. 
 And I would say that's been a big contributor over the last 2, 3 years on our growth numbers. 
This quarter also it has done well.  The D2R channel, the direct to retail channel, that we have 
built with over 5,000 outlets are getting only premium phones, has been one of the key drivers 
for this. 
 Overseas, we do work on a few premium brands as well and both in MEA, which is KSA, UAE 
as well as Africa, and it has also been a good contributor. So, Android premium brands has been 
a good growth trajectory for us. 
Lakshminarayanan: It was mentioned recently that Apple, they called out in their earnings call that India has actually 
grown very well. Now our growth is ahead of Apple's growth in India in a sense that are we 
getting higher market share. Second, is the Android phones are actually out shipping the growth 
of Apple phone, especially in the premium segment we are catering? 
V.S. Hariharan: So hard to really give relative numbers, but because Apple reaches some part of the market 
directly and some part is distribution.  Clearly, in the distribution space, we've been playing a 
role on upcountry as well, and there is a lot more growth in upcountry, which could have resulted 
in the distribution TAM being a little bit higher, that total addressable market. 
 As you may be aware, there are only 2 players in India, Ingram and us in the Apple space. And 
there are times when we do a bit better, and there are times that they do a little bit better. So, the 
numbers are roughly 50 plus minus. We are not able to give exact numbers on this. But yes, the 
market for us is growing because of the many SKUs they have in the upcountry. 
 That's what I would say in terms of Apple. Do we have a second question? That's all. You talked 
about numbers as well. I think the value business from a value perspective, Apple continues --  
and you can these are published numbers. 
 You can see Apple continues to gain share from a value perspective because they sell into the 
super-premium or  ultra-premium space very well. And clearly, they're doing very, very well. 
And we're taking obviously advantage of that growth as well. So, the value from a value 
perspective, Apple continues to become better and better from its share. 
Lakshminarayanan: And on the SSG, which is the professional services, I just want to understand what kind of --  
how many resources we have providing these professional services? And second, what kind of 
liability you actually assume because these professional services also mean that your person is 
there in the premises and there could be issues, etc. So,  I just want to understand how are you 
thinking about this SSG business from -- and how many professionals and what kind of liabilities 
you actually come across? 
V.S. Hariharan: Sure. So, our own resources, we roughly have about 125 resources in the company, mostly in 
India in professional services. And these resources are focused on things like migration, 
modernization, spinoffs, DevOps, a range of services.  And we -- in most cases, we work with 
customers through channel partners, and we closely watch our liabilities. 
===== PDF page 14 =====
        Redington Limited 
  November 06, 2025 
Page 13 of 19 
 
Information Classification: RL\General Business\Redington  
 And because you want to scale this business, the approach we're also taking is how to create 
cookie-cutter models rather than every service becoming a bespoke service deal.  So, take 
migration, for example, is there 100 customers, does it have to be 100 instances of migration?  
Or can I find commonalities and find a way to automate this and have different -- similar sets of 
migration for similar sets of customers. So that will be our approach. 
 In all of this, the approach we will take is to productize the professional services business so that 
we can scale up with our partners. We do want to bring our partners along in the journey. People 
are providing services, professional services, and we can share the margins and the revenues 
with them. 
Lakshminarayanan: And any specific areas which actually led to an excellent growth in that group in the first half, 
particularly SISA? 
V.S. Hariharan: I think it's sometimes -- I think it's a matter of focus. I think as we moved within the organization, 
the different groups around and also put all the focus, because, see clearly, what's happening is 
the cloud part of the business had moved completely subscription, whereas when you look at 
cybersecurity and software, some products were subscription, some were still licensing 
multiyear contracts. 
 And we believe directionally, everything will move subscription. Similar go-to-market motions 
where people want to work on a digital platform, they want to automate the renewal process, 
they want to bundle professional services even from vendors. 
 And all that instinct, once you put it together, it becomes similar. We still work with many 
brands. So, we need to get focused and build practices around each one of these areas separately. 
 But I think the sheer focus and attention has created breadth and depth on all the brands. So,  
we've taken on more brands. We have looked at our wallet share, brand by brand, and where are 
we weak and what actions we need to take. So, it's the beginning of a journey, as I said, because 
the last 3 months, this transition has happened, and we are encouraged by what we see. 
 Now does it mean that next quarter will be as good or better. I think directionally, if I look at the 
next 6 to 12 quarters, clearly, this area we want to grow between 30% and 50%.  Last year, we 
grew about 22%, 23%, if I aggregate all of the SSG pieces year-over-year. But this year, we can 
already see directionally we headed 40-plus. So, we will continue to work on it. The opportunity 
is there. It's a question of good execution and good focus. 
S.V. Krishnan: I just want to add. If you recollect a couple of years back, cloud was part of the current ESG. At 
that time, we used to call it as enterprise segment. And it was growing at about 20%- 25%. When 
it got separated out, then we started seeing a 30% growth and then a 40% growth. That's the 
same thing we would want to do in SSG, and as Hari said, we just started the journey there. 
Lakshminarayanan: Just last question from my side. When you set out this financial year, and we are half year 
through, what are the areas which has actually done ahead of your expectations? And which are 
the areas or strategies that have gone behind your expectations broadly? 
===== PDF page 15 =====
        Redington Limited 
  November 06, 2025 
Page 14 of 19 
 
Information Classification: RL\General Business\Redington  
V.S. Hariharan: Very good question. So clearly, SSG, we expected things will transition, but not so quickly. So 
definitely, is done ahead of expectation, and we would like to maintain it, but there's a lot of 
work, and we want to make sure there are no missteps here.  MSG mobility has been ahead of 
expectation for a variety of reasons. 
 We didn't expect the market to continue the same growth rate. And overseas actually a surprise 
is even more. In Middle East, Africa, the monthly run rate on Apple and some of the Android 
businesses has been quite ahead of our thinking and plans. So, both those are ahead. 
 I wish we could do more in the ESG space. The PCs have long promise of Windows 10 to 11 
refresh, which has been slow and not there yet. The AI PC, we are quite inspired by the numbers 
in this quarter, especially in India.  But again, that has not lived up to its promise. So,  I would 
say it's a bit behind. 
 TSG is thereabouts there. I think a lot of the business in TSG is becoming a larger deal. And 
also, margin and profitability is an area on Technology Solutions that we need to work very hard 
on to bring that up in terms of value Redington brings to the table and our ability to grow the 
size and share there. 
 So, if I had to take a quick shot at your question, clearly, SSG and mobility are ahead of our plan 
on thinking, and TSG and ESG are behind. Yes. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Rucha Somaiya from Old Bridge Mutual Fund. 
Rucha Somaiya: Congratulations on a good set of numbers. I just had one question with respect to the growing 
data centre capacity in India. Specifically, how is Redington contributing to this trend? Are there 
any specific partnerships or initiatives, technological enabling efforts in place? 
V.S. Hariharan: Are you referring to the Make in India... 
Rucha Somaiya: No, the growing data centre efforts or actions that is the trend that is going on around, how is 
Redington place? Is there any capability that is positioning -- that is handling our positioning to 
be a little stronger around the data centre ecosystem? 
V.S. Hariharan: Very, very good question. So, there are 2 parts to this question. One, of course, how can we 
engage in deals. And some of the large deals I alluded to is actually data centre related. You are 
aware that the hyperscalers and they put the data centres , they work directly, and we have no 
role to play in it. 
 But increasingly, local deals, which are Make in India products being sold to data centres  in 
India, we are being asked to come in to switch deals together.  So, we play a role, and you will 
hear some of those as we go along. They're fairly large deals, some of them. So that's the starting 
point. 
 But we are actually in the middle of crafting a data centre strategy. There are definitely many 
opportunities we see. For example, once a data centre is set up or getting set up, what about 
cooling systems, what about power for the data centre.  And we do work on some of those 
===== PDF page 16 =====
        Redington Limited 
  November 06, 2025 
Page 15 of 19 
 
Information Classification: RL\General Business\Redington  
categories -- types of categories. Should we get into them wholeheartedly and work with vendors 
to develop products in those is one question. 
 Similarly, once data centres are set up, we -- clearly, there is a requirement for software, a whole 
range of software, from platforms to application software that will go into it. That is clearly an 
area we'll play a role. 
 And then fulfilling capacity because once data centres are built up, whether they are public data 
centres or co-locations or private data centres, there will be clearly a requirement for the people, 
who are building these data centres  to fill them up with capacity, either with mid -market 
customers, enterprise customers. 
 And we're consciously looking at each of these areas and saying, what kind of action planning 
teams that we can have to get into these areas and get a share of this piece of the market. But it's 
been a recent phenomenon, the non-public and then more Make in India data centre growth. So, 
we are in the middle of that discussion and strategy formation. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Nikunj Mehta from Wealth Guardian. 
Nikunj Mehta: Congratulations on very good execution. And my question was pertaining to Turkey. What are 
the other steps that you all are planning to take apart this Vodafone deal that you've done?  Any 
similar deals that you all are looking at or you all are looking at completely exiting Turkey? Any 
update on that, if you could give it, that would be useful, please? 
S.V. Krishnan: Nikunj, I'm sure, you acknowledge there have been a lot of steps that we have been taking in the 
last 1.5 years, and we think all in the right direction. I mean, we sold off Paynet. There had been 
a lot of debates internally. Is that a crown jewel we keep investing? What should we do? We feel 
core business is much more important. We divested the process, took some time. 
 And the market did not recover. Then we took some decisions in terms of cutting down some 
costs. It wasn't sufficient. Still, we continue to make some loss. And we decided to sell the TL 
business, and we had moved on, and that's what you see in the form of Connect getting divested. 
 Unfortunately, last quarter, another event happened, which was unexpected, and we need to 
handle it. So overall, the ecosystem is quite challenging. But as I keep mentioning, the full credit 
to the leadership team there. They have been trying to maintain above board as much as possible. 
So right now, our decision after Connect is also to exit from the rest of the TL business. 
 As I had mentioned for the previous query, we think it will not automatically move into a 
profitable situation. We will still have loss, maybe a lesser loss. But for us to get converted into 
profits, there are certain strong steps that are required, which we are in the process of doing. 
Maybe in about 6 months, we should see some light at the end of the tunnel. That's where it 
stands. 
 So, we are taking right steps, Nikunj. That's what I can tell you at this point. 
===== PDF page 17 =====
        Redington Limited 
  November 06, 2025 
Page 16 of 19 
 
Information Classification: RL\General Business\Redington  
V.S. Hariharan: And if I can add to what Krishnan said, Nikunj. There are 2 key parts to it. The light at the end 
of the tunnel, there are -- we have a business in Redington Turkey that's very software -centric. 
That business actually has been growing good double digits profitably. 
 And there are parts of the Arena business, which is Microsoft-centric; also, has grown very well 
this quarter. It's actually contributed to the SSG part of the business where there's cloud and 
security and all of that.  And that, again, in the DTAM space, we have more than 50% share of 
the Microsoft business in the market in Turkey, also quite profitable. 
 So, we're clearly working on action plans there. On one side, reduce dependence on lira business 
and really manage the working capital down, working capital required and the --  and be more 
U.S. dollar dependent. But the growth on the software cloud-centric area in Turkey is definitely 
looking promising. So that can balance off everything else. So, we're headed in that direction. 
Nikunj Mehta: Really appreciate the answers and the clarification and wish you all the best for the future 
quarters. 
S. V. Krishnan: Thank you, Nikunj. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of P Venkatesh from Corporate Database India Private 
Limited. 
P. Venkatesh: Yes, sir, I wanted to know what would be the debt levels in Arena currently. What has been the 
amount of debt that has been divested -- that has been repaid post payment divestment? Also, I 
want to know what would be the investment that you're talking for SSG, we have been referring 
to some investments that we'll be making going ahead, what would be t he outflow in those 
investments? And lastly, I want to know you had referred to the 4 areas in SSG. So broadly, 
what would be the mix of those 4 areas in SSG revenues? 
S.V. Krishnan: Okay. I'll answer the first part of the question, Venkatesh. Arena debt levels are currently at 
about 130-odd million, used to be about 160 plus. Assume those concordat cases had not 
happened, we would have definitely been better off about $15 million, $20 million, but that's 
where we stand. 
V.S. Hariharan: Yes. So talking about the investment in SSG, too early to talk about those investments since 
there was a question, I did say that we are exploratory stage right now.  So, we can't even t alk 
about investment levels, et c. But in terms of the mix of the business, you can say that there is 
somewhat of an equal mix between security, cloud and software business with software being a 
little bit higher, but somewhat of an equal mix. 
 And the professional services part of it is less than 10% right now, but it will definitely be an 
area of growth for us. But between the remaining 3 businesses, you can say, a fairly equal with 
software business being slightly higher weighted. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Sunil Kothari from Unique PMS. 
===== PDF page 18 =====
        Redington Limited 
  November 06, 2025 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Information Classification: RL\General Business\Redington  
Sunil Kothari: First, congratulation on the agility and the flexibility we are slowly now adapting to remove 
some businesses. But we are giving enough thought before removing those because, ultimately, 
we are serving those same customers and same supply across the other parts of the world. So 
really very sensible decision we are taking. Hearty congratulations for that. 
 My question is we have a slide on our presentation. It talks about the technology trend, growth 
CAGR, and what it means to Redington and all. Combining this slide, I would like to understand 
is, since last 3, 4 years, we have grown our top line really well. I'm talking yearly, nothing to do 
with this quarter or the next quarter. 
 And our bottom line is almost static having some reason of 1x some currency-related interest 
rate and everything. Now another 10 years, if you look at the last 10 years, the way we've grown 
is around 13%, 15% top line, similar CAGR of bottom line. What is your thought process for 
the next 3 to 5 years, which are the challenges, which can derive from this trend or mayb e 
accelerate this trend? Something qualitative will be really helpful? 
V.S. Hariharan: Okay. Let me try and answer that question. See, you already mentioned that we have been 
growing at 15% top line and 15% bottom line. If we can maintain that kind of growth, obviously, 
that would be very interesting for us and will be a good enough -- a good vision. Now to answer 
your question, we -- clearly, the world is transforming. 25% of the total distribution market has 
become software globally and software and services. 
 With AI, it is only going to deepen and accelerate. And in our mix of the business, last year, it 
was 15, now it's become 16. So,  if I look at the different business units, clearly, the Software 
Solutions Group today has an ability to appropriate higher margin to drive higher -than-average 
profitability. 
 There's also a professional services and bundled services attached to it, which can also get you 
higher margins and higher profitability, that's one of the reasons we embarked on this journey 
to grow that piece of the business faster. Now to do this right, Software Solutions Group business 
right, we have capable digital platforms because everything is done on subscription on the digital 
platform. 
 And we will have to do renewals on it. We'll have to find a way to create a lot of value on the 
digital platform by bringing multitude of solution providers together so that this business 
remains sticky to Redington because it is over digital. 
 So, we are bringing in software brands, we are bringing service brands to resellers and 
customers. We have to keep it sticky. We have to make sure that we add a lot of value to brands 
and agentic AI solutions. So that will be critical. So those are the positives and the risks. 
 Now clearly, hardware part of the market is getting more commoditized. And as it gets more 
commoditized, the expectation from brands and OEMs is to really give lower and lower margins 
to you.  And so, what are the risks? The risks can be in the hardware areas of Technology 
Solutions and PCs where they are commoditized. 
===== PDF page 19 =====
        Redington Limited 
  November 06, 2025 
Page 18 of 19 
 
Information Classification: RL\General Business\Redington  
 So, it is the -- that is the balance we'll have to seek. We'll have to keep working on higher-margin 
solutions, and we'll have to make sure that we bring a lot of value over the digital platforms. 
That's really how we are thinking about it. 
Sunil Kothari: Sir, looking at the last 4, 5 years, the way we have grown our top line, bottom line was not 
matching, what would be the reasons. Next 3, 5 years, should we expect better bottom line 
because of this strategy because we are -- as we are discontinuing some tough businesses or loss-
making businesses. Those should be the very realistic expectations from you. 
S.V. Krishnan: Sunil, let me answer this. See, you are looking at from a window of 3, 5 years’ time frame. Please 
understand your start point is COVID period, which believe me, is completely unreal for this 
business. That's a time where demand was peaking, supply was restricted. 
 You can imagine for an intermediary like Redington, what one-off opportunity that is, right? So, 
maintain that profitability, that profit amount, you can't imagine what we need to go through, 
right? And I would urge you to make a comparison between various global players in this 
industry vis-a-vis Redington numbers. I'm sure your question will get very clearly answered. 
 In terms of growth, in terms of the profit percentage, we keep talking about profit percentage. I 
don't think anyone does. Third is -- I mean, is the return ratios. All the 3, ours is significantly 
superior compared to the rest of the players.  So, I think that's what, in our view, is important. 
Yes, we knew that we haven't grown the absolute numbers, but it's not easy. We feel happy that 
we are able to protect our profitability. 
 But I mean, your question was into the future, I hope Hari has answered. We remain very positive 
into the future, and we think SSG will be a very important contributor in terms of our profitability 
into the future. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Vinay Menon from Monarch Capital. 
Vinay Menon: Congratulations on a great set of results. Just a few questions. One is, sir, Windows support, 10 
support, has ended. And are you seeing any impact already of a switch to Windows 11? Is it any 
visible trends in the market? 
V.S. Hariharan: So, as I mentioned earlier, we have not really seen a big uptick because of the migration. Clearly, 
consumers are still waiting and a lot of them have not migrated.  Commercial, maybe a little bit 
more. But I think there seems to be a wait-and-watch approach rather than a whole hold of people 
trying to migrate from 10 to 11. And we also hear that there may be extended support provided 
beyond the timelines given. So, we've not really seen a big impact of the 10 to 11 refresh yet. 
Vinay Menon: That helps. And one thing on the data centre side, sir, in terms of large deals, are we looking to 
get large deals which might be a little lower on margins? Or are we going to steer away from 
anything which impacts our margins or ROCE in any way? 
S.V. Krishnan: This got answered already, Vinay. See, these are really incremental business. And these 
business, you need to ensure that you have adequate capital. You are able to manage the complex 
logistics and structuring of the transaction. If we are okay with that, we are quite okay to go 
===== PDF page 20 =====
        Redington Limited 
  November 06, 2025 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Information Classification: RL\General Business\Redington  
ahead. I mean, provided it gives us incremental revenue and incremental margin, as Hari said, 
our key decision-making principle on some of this is return on capital employed. 
 We would want to ensure our ROCE is secured. But from a profit percentage perspective, these 
being large deals, I don't think we can expect similar profit percentage. So that's why when it 
becomes larger, we would want to call out and disclose so that you are able to track our 
performance otherwise very clearly. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, this was the last question for today. I now hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
V.S. Hariharan: Thank you so much for all your questions, and thank you for listening. We hope we answered 
most of them adequately. And thank you for your trust in us, and we look forward to another 
good quarter. We'll be in touch, and bye for now. 
S.V. Krishnan: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much, sir. On behalf of Redington Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 