===== PDF page 1 =====
 
 
Rashi Peripherals Limited 
Regd. Office: Ariisto House, 5th Floor, Corner of Telli Galli, Andheri (East), Mumbai, Maharashtra – 400069, India 
• Tel: +91-22-6177 1771 | Fax +91-22-61771999 • www.rptechindia.com • investors@rptechindia.com | CIN: L30007MH1989PLC051039 
 
 
February 09, 2026         
 
To,  
Listing Operation Department  
BSE Limited  
P .J. Towers, Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400001  
 
Scrip Code: 544119 
 
 
Listing Compliance Department 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E) Mumbai – 400051  
 
Symbol: RPTECH 
  
 
Sub.: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on Wednesday,  February 04, 2026 
 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am,     
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 as amended from time to time, we submit herewith 
the transcript of  Earnings Conference Call held on Wednesday, February 04, 2026 at 11:00 a.m. 
(IST) for the Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results for the quarter and nine 
months ended December 31, 2025. 
 
The same will also be made available  on the website of the Company at  
www.rptechindia.com/investor.  
 
 
Yours sincerely 
FOR RASHI PERIPHERALS LIMITED 
 
 
 
Arvind Bajoria 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
 
===== PDF page 2 =====
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
“Rashi Peripherals Limited 
Q3 & 9 Months FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 04, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
      
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KAPAL PANSARI – MANAGING DIRECTOR – RASHI 
PERIPHERALS LIMITED 
 MR. RAJESH GOENKA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
RASHI PERIPHERALS LIMITED 
 MR. HIMANSHU SHAH – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
RASHI PERIPHERALS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: MR. VINAY MENON – MONARCH NETWORTH CAPITAL 
LIMITED   
 

===== PDF page 3 =====
 Rashi Peripherals Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Rashi Peripherals Limited  Q3 and 9 Months 
FY '26 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Monarch Networth Capital Limited. As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing st ar then zero on your touchtone phone.  Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vinay Menon from Monarch Networth Capital Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Vinay Menon: Hi, good morning, everyone and it's a pleasure to host the management of Rashi Peripherals for 
their Q3 concall. I'd like to introduce the management, we have Mr. Kapal Pansari, the Managing 
Director of Rashi Peripherals. We have Mr. Rajesh Goenka, the CEO and Mr. Himanshu Shah, 
the CFO. Now I hand over the call to Mr. Kapal  Pansari for his opening remarks. Over to you, 
sir. 
Kapal Pansari: Thank you, Vinay, and good morning to everyone. Thank you for joining us in this conference 
call to discuss our third quarter and 9 months ended of fiscal year 2026 earnings. Hope you have 
had a chance to go through our results, press release and investor presentation, which are 
available on the exchange and our website. 
 Looking at the global market trends, global demand for personal computing has regained 
momentum, signal ling the start of sustained recovery across both enterprise and consumer 
segments. During the quarter, shipments grew on account of large -scale enterprise refresh 
cycles, Windows 10 end of support transition and accelerated adoption of AI-ready devices.  
We believe this represents the beginning of multiyear technology upgrade cycle rather than a 
temporary rebound. India is mirroring this and in many ways, is outperforming this global trend. 
The domestic PC market delivered one of its strongest quarter ever in this quarter with shipments 
growing upwards of 10% year-over-year. 
 The recent union budget has further strengthened this foundation with strong policy push 
towards electronics manufacturing, semiconductor self -reliance, AI infrastructure and digital 
capacity creation with an outlay of around INR 40,000 crores, which is nearly double than that 
of the initial outlay of INR22,999 crores. 
 Higher capital expenditure, targeted incentives for components and semiconductors, support for 
data center and cloud ecosystems are creating a favorable environment for long-term technology 
investments and domestic value additions. We believe these measures will structurally increase 
demand for advanced computing infrastructure across the country. 
 Against this backdrop, our role is evolving well beyond the traditional ITC distribution. At RP 
Tech, we see ourselves as a technology adoption enabler, bridging global innovations with 
India's rapidly expanding digital economy.  We are increasing our focus towards demand 
===== PDF page 4 =====
 Rashi Peripherals Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
creation, taking integrated AI -ready and energy-efficient solutions to underpenetrated 
geographies by enabling localized access and execution.  
This allows us to expand the technology footprint beyond metros and participate in India's next 
wave of digital adoption.  Our increasing penetration into AI solutions, embedded systems and 
semiconductor linked categories not only strengthens our participation in higher -value 
opportunities, but also deepen customer engagement.  
Today, our pan-India network of distribution serves over 10,000-plus distribution partners across 
700-plus locations nationwide, providing unmatched reach, faster fulfilment and localized 
service capabilities across the length and breadth of the country.  In summary, as computing 
becomes smarter and more AI -centric, w e are confident that our solution-led approach, 
nationwide reach. And strong partner ecosystem positions us very attractively to capitalize on 
the accelerated technology adoption across India. Our focus remains on sustainable growth, 
deeper value addition and consistent long-term returns for our stakeholders.  With this, I now 
hand over to Mr. Rajesh Goenka, our CEO of the company. Thank you. 
Rajesh Goenka: Thank you, Kapal. Good morning, everyone. Let me briefly take you through the key operational 
highlights for the quarter and 9 months ended of the financial year 2026.  During the quarter 
under review, demand conditions remained strong. This was probably one of the best performing 
third quarter as usually, this quarter is followed by a high Q2 seasonal and there is a major dip. 
 But this quarter, we witnessed sustained sales momentum, particularly as channel partners 
stocked inventory ahead of expected price increases and driven by expected component 
shortages. While the industry is witnessing an uptrend in the IT product prices due to global 
supply constraints, and dollar appreciation. 
We were able to convert these challenges into opportunities and deliver a 43% Y -o-Y revenue 
growth, which was driven by both price and volume growth, resulting in improved margin, one 
of the best third quarter's net profit growth of 132% on a Y -o-Y basis. We also continued to 
expand our product portfolio and market reach during the quarter by introducing new products, 
new SKUs and further strengthening our distribution partner network. 
 In addition, we also launched a new branch in Solapur, which is now our 55th branch in India, 
an unprecedented network of branches, service center and warehouses spread across 55 towns 
of India, enhancing our regional presence and improving coverage in core markets. Overall, our 
strong performance during the quarter reflects the robustness of our distribution platform and 
operating model.  
We remain focused on addressing the large and structural opportunity of enabling an adoption 
and deployment of technology across India by ensuring availability, reach, solutions, training 
and reliable execution at scale. We will continue to strengthen this platform through disciplined 
planning and execution to drive consistent and sustainable growth across all our business 
verticals. Thank you so much, everyone.  And now I request our CFO, Mr. Himanshu Shah, to 
brief you on the financial performance for the period under review. Thank you. 
===== PDF page 5 =====
 Rashi Peripherals Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
Himanshu Shah: Thank you, Rajesh, and good morning, everyone. I will now take you through the financial 
performance for the period under review. Starting with our stand-alone performance for the third 
quarter of financial year 2026, revenue from operations grew by 47% year-on-year to INR3,895 
crores. Profit after tax was INR70 crores, up by 128% year-on-year with PAT margins at 1.81%. 
 For the 9 months ended financial year 2026, stand-alone revenue from operations increased 6% 
year-on-year to INR10,966 crores. Profit after tax for the period grew 21% year -on-year to 
INR185 crores with PAT margins at 1.69%.  Moving to our consolidated performance for the 
third quarter of financial year 2026. 
Revenue from operations increased by 43% to INR 4,030 crores and PAT for the same period 
was INR75 crores, registering a growth of 132% year-on-year with PAT margins at 1.85%. For 
the 9 months ended financial year, consolidated revenue from operations grew 5% year-on-year 
to INR11,338 crores.  
Profit after tax rose to 25% year -on-year to INR 196 crores with PAT margins at a healthy 
percentage of 1.72%.  Further, following the notifications of the new L abour Code by the 
Government of India on 21st November 2025, the company has prudently recognized an 
incremental impact of over INR4 crores, primarily on account of increased gratuity obligations 
related to past service costs, higher leave liabilities arising from the revised definition of wages 
and enhanced employee benefits. 
 In terms of segmental performance for the period under review, Personal Computing and 
Enterprise Solutions division contributed 58% of revenues at INR 6,572 crores, while LIT, 
Lifestyle and IT Essentials contributed INR 4,767 crores hence amounting to 42%.  On cash 
flows, after periods of outflow in the earlier years, we generated a positive operating cash flow 
of INR34 crores for year-to-date. 
 On the working capital front, we continue to maintain tight discipline across key parameters. 
Inventory days increased marginally to 56 days, primarily to support strong demand and ensure 
product availability. While remaining well within a well-controlled range, debtor days improved 
to 47 days from 61 days a year ago. 
Reflecting stronger collection and tighter credit monitoring, while creditors days stood at 43 
days in line with our balanced approach to vendor management and payment discipline. 
Consequently, working capital days were at 60 days, remaining stable and well aligned with our 
operating model.  
On the people front, we incurred INR 14 crores of ESOP cost year -to-date provisioning, 
reinforcing our commitment to attracting, retaining and incentivizing key talent, while aligning 
employee interest with long -term value creation. With this, I would like to hand it back to the 
moderator and open up for question-and-answer session. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Our first question is 
from the line of Aejas Lakhani from Unifi AMC. Please go ahead. 
===== PDF page 6 =====
 Rashi Peripherals Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
Aejas Lakhani: Perfect. Team, congratulations on phenomenal execution for the quarter. A couple of questions. 
Sir, could you first call out what is the percentage of our business that comes from components 
given that we've seen shortages there? And what is the average pr ice hikes that you're going to 
see in these components? 
Rajesh Goenka: Yes. So we categorize our businesses into LIT and PES. Last year, October, November, 
December, Q3, our LIT share was 49% and our PES, which is predominantly branded desktops, 
notebooks and workstations, they were at 51%. However, in the current Q3 of 2025,  the PES 
business has gone up and now it is at 56%. So there is a 5 percentage basis point increase in the 
PES business in terms of ratio. 
 And to answer your second point, component s, different products are having different price 
points. There are some products, where there is no price increase at all, especially in products 
like motherboard. There are some products, where the price increase is between 20% to 30%. 
And there are some p roducts like the RAM, where the price increase is 2x or even 3x. So it is 
very varied. 
Aejas Lakhani: Understood. And sir, given that the AI infrastructure build-out is one of the primary reasons for 
chip shortages because the orders are going to hyperscalers and supply is very inflexible. What 
would that -- what are the implications that would have on our business in the coming year? 
Rajesh Goenka: Yes. so far, you are right, 100% that majority of the supplies are going to the hyperscalers and 
data centers. As a result, regular consumer and commercial supplies are expected to get 
constrained. But so far, I can tell you that we are not seeing too much of constraint. The only 
challenge is the prices are going up on a periodic basis. So that is the challenge. 
 But if -- so far, we have been able to plan inventory in advance. So far, we have been very 
effectively been able to promote and sell our products at a higher price across the length and 
breadth of the country to almost 700 towns of India. So as a result of this, we have been able to 
have this 43% growth on a Y-o-Y basis. 
Aejas Lakhani: Understood. Rajesh, could you also I mean, you've spoken about it in the opening comments. 
Kapal said that you're seeing a good refresh cycle. But my question is that can component 
shortages really impact the PC refresh cycle? Can it delay the cycle? Because an increase in 
pricing could have an impact on volumes as well and the entire shortages could become 
exasperated? 
Rajesh Goenka: Yes. So as I said, at this moment, what we are seeing not really the shortages, but it's the prices 
that are going up. All the products, including notebook prices have gone up by almost 20% to 
30%, and there would be further price increase. So because of t he budget constraints, there are 
a lot of corporates, who are expanding their refresh cycle from maybe 2 years to 3 years and 
from 3 years to 4 years. That is true. 
 But at the same time, the other corporates who wanted to buy notebook maybe in April or mid 
of next year, they are also now preponing to buy the products right now to avoid that 10% or 
===== PDF page 7 =====
 Rashi Peripherals Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
20% further price hike because partial hikes have already happened. So both scenario is 
happening. Net to net, we see that numbers would remain consistent. But because of higher 
average selling price, the revenue should be on a positive trend. 
Aejas Lakhani: Understood. So sir, basically, if I understand correctly that the laptops market is seeing a massive 
shortage. There is one leg of price hike that is already embedded in prices today. Another one is 
coming and companies, which in any ways had a buying patt ern, which is getting preponed to 
earlier purchases and you are benefiting from that entire cyclical uptick? 
Rajesh Goenka: Correct. Absolutely. But this is not easy because one is you need to have the appropriate 
inventory planning, which takes months of planning and execution. And second, as the price rise 
happens, even if the corporate wants to buy, they have limited budget. So you should have that 
kind of execution skill at the ground level to be able to deliver. Fortunately, for Rashi 
Peripherals, with our now 36 years of experience, we have -- I'm not saying expert, but we have 
mastered that art of planning and execution both. 
Aejas Lakhani: Completely agree. And kudos to you and the team for stellar execution in this. Sir, just one 
follow-up is that, see, since prices are increasing at such rapid rates, you do not foresee some 
amount of volume impact because of which the net resultant sales could be flattish in FY '27? 
Rajesh Goenka: So demand from -- as I said earlier, demand unit-wise, in my view, would be flattish. It may not 
degrow because India digitization, PC penetration is still very, very low. And the higher selling 
price will help us to get the revenue. So overall, I am positive. But yes, we need to be alert. We 
need to plan better. We need to execute better to get this continued success. 
Aejas Lakhani: Understood. And sir, given that ASPs are going up, your margins -- the margin band per se that 
you earn on distribution products will remain the same, but your per unit profitability is what is 
increasing and rising. Is that understanding correct? 
Rajesh Goenka: Absolutely. Absolutely. In distribution, as we always say that margins are normally fixed. So 
we don't have a loss. We don't have a super margin. But then with the economies of scale plus 
our efficiency, we are able to get some better margin, which is evident from our Q3 results. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter Cyclical Investments. 
Madhur Rathi: I wanted to understand -- sir, can we expect to maintain this momentum in Q4 or a lot of 
purchases that were supposed to happen in Q4 was preponed to Q3, and that's why we might see 
a flattish or a muted Q4? 
Rajesh Goenka: Yes. So I think we already discussed this. As I said, we are looking for continued unit -wise 
consistency. And with a little bit further price hike, the revenue will -- should continue to grow 
positively. 
Madhur Rathi: Right. Sir, I also wanted to understand, sir, our working capital cycle and regarding our cash 
flow from operations. Sir, if I compare to our competitor, Redington, they do working capital 
turns of close to 10x in a year versus based on our 9-month revenue , we are doing maybe 6x. I 
===== PDF page 8 =====
 Rashi Peripherals Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
understand that there is a difference between our product to theirs. But so, how do we plan to 
bridge this gap and turn our cash flow from operations positive because I think working capital 
is the only driver for that? 
Kapal Pansari: See, for our working capital, if you look at Rashi Peripherals business, this is a business, where 
we have a working capital cycle of anywhere between 50 to 60 days. Comparing with any other 
peers because of the sales mix, we do not really plan based on co mpetition or peers or the 
industry. What does IT business supply chain and sales redundancies require based on that, we 
plan our working capital cycle.  
In current times, in fact, working capital cycles with rising prices, expected shortages, we plan 
to increase the -- and supply chain allocations in such a way that sales redundancies are managed 
much better than anyone else in the industry.  For sure, IT will not be able to compare with the 
economies and the cycles of working capital of smartphones. So there is no point in compari ng 
between two different set of industries operating at two different working capital cycles. 
Madhur Rathi: Sir, I was trying to understand at what level of working capital cycle reduction can we expect to 
turn positive -- our cash flow from operations positive? 
Himanshu Shah: See, defining a level wherein inventories are always held at a forward-looking scenario and the 
debtors and creditors as far as financial discipline warranted for this industry, net of each other 
in terms of days in our ecosystem, if we are able to manage our inventories well, which we have 
been demonstrating for the last two quarters, definitely, the positive cash flows can be achieved. 
Madhur Rathi: And sir, just a final question from my end. Sir, if I look at our PAT margins? 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt you, sir, if you have a follow-up question, please rejoin the queue. Thank you. 
Madhur Rathi: Sure.  
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Jyoti Singh from Arihant Capital Markets Limited. 
Jyoti Singh: Congratulations on the  Good execution. Sir, I wanted to understand a question on the margin 
side. So given Q3 margin of 2.9%, so should we expect '26 to exert margin closer to Q3 level? 
Or we are expecting to normalize in Q4?And also wanted to understand this ROC remain in the 
low teens despite margin expansion. So what are aspiration on the ROC side, sir? 
Rajesh Goenka: Yes. So currently, business market size trend, average selling price, all 3 are in the similar mode. 
So our expectation is that it will be the similar trend only. We are not seeing any major variation. 
Jyoti Singh: Okay. And on the ROC side, sir? 
Himanshu Shah: See, ROC, again, is for our -- managing our working capital components, like where sometimes 
we have to increase the borrowings for availing early payment incentives from the vendors and 
all. So ROC has risen quite a bit in last three  quarters. And we expect that in next 2 to 3 years' 
time, we will be able to get back to the pre IPO level. 
===== PDF page 9 =====
 Rashi Peripherals Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Moderator: Thank you. O ur next question comes from the line of Varun Gandhi from Fident Asset 
Management. 
Varun Gandhi: Congrats on also getting the credit upgrade this quarter. So from a corporate finance construct, 
what do you think is the next step after achieving this credit upgrade? 
Himanshu Shah: Sorry, I didn't get your question. Can you please elaborate? 
Varun Gandhi: Yes. So we achieved a credit rating upgrade this quarter, right? So from a corporate finance point 
of view, what's the next step? Are we going to increase our borrowings? Are we going to 
discount our receivables like Redington does? What's the next step? J ust trying to understand 
the management's thoughts over here? 
Himanshu Shah: So as I mentioned, managing working capital components efficiently is the key ingredient for 
our business and profitability profiling. So a credit rating upgrade, which happened in the current 
year and the borrowing power enhancement you're talking about, which we got it done last 
quarter? 
Varun Gandhi: Yes, your credit rating upgrade. So now you can have a lower cost of borrowing, right? 
Himanshu Shah: Yes. So yes. 
Kapal Pansari: So let me add to what Himanshu mentioned is that with rating increase, we -- our primary 
objective was to reduce our cost of borrowing. While distribution business is a working capital 
driven, so definitely, there is -- the more you flow back or deploy working capital, the capacity 
for revenue growth increases tremendously. 
 In the current times, our objective is to reduce our borrowing cost, maintain the same working 
capital cycle for the increased revenue portfolio, and that is a challenge that we have taken 
internally for the organization from a working capital standpoint. So the next steps for credit 
rating, honestly, there is no answer for next steps. It is always to increa se a notch higher from 
AA minus. 
Himanshu Shah: So we are already in AA club. 
Kapal Pansari: AA club. Yes. So AA club, obviously, we want to go to the next step, but it is primarily to reduce 
our borrowing cost at this point in time. 
Varun Gandhi: So would we also be factoring our trade receivables in order to increasing our asset turns and 
decreasing our capital? 
Himanshu Shah: So definitely, if it adds value to the ROCs and ROEs, definitely we are open to consider those. 
Varun Gandhi: Any sort of target debt to equity that the management has? 
Himanshu Shah: Target depends upon the level of components at any given date we are at and then accordingly . 
===== PDF page 10 =====
 Rashi Peripherals Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
Varun Gandhi: Any comfort band, sir, any number, comfort band or any? 
Himanshu Shah: At this point, not -- we will not be able to give any -- assign any number to it. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Hitesh Goel from Aurigin Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Hitesh Goel: First of all, a great set of results. Congrats. First, sir, can you tell us about the Dell business, how 
much was the Dell revenue in this quarter? 
Rajesh Goenka: Dell was pretty small, insignificant, but we've had a good start and we are hoping that the next 
quarter and the next year will be really big. Previous quarter was just a start. 
Hitesh Goel: So it's not meaningful in this quarter in that sense. Is it going to be a decent number from fourth 
quarter or from FY '27? 
Rajesh Goenka: Absolutely. In fact, in Q4 also, it will be decent. And next year, it will be substantial. 
Hitesh Goel: And my second question is on the inventory gains. Did you see any inventory gains because of 
these price hikes, which is happening? 
Rajesh Goenka: Inventory gains. 
Hitesh Goel: Yes, because of inventory, like old inventory was lying in your system and then price hike 
happened. So that benefit came through in this quarter? 
Rajesh Goenka: Normally, in distribution, as we've been always maintaining that the margins are more or less 
fixed. So we cannot have too much of extra margin. But yes, to some extent, we could increase 
the overall cycle efficiency and also economies of scale advantage, which has helped us to 
improve our overall margins. 
Hitesh Goel: And sir, my final question is on this laptop and desktop issue, right? Because what we are hearing 
from the market is that the new laptops and desktop is a big shortage in supply because of the 
RAM prices, right? So you are giving a flat volume growth guidance for next year. Is it because 
you're confident about your supplies already tied up for next 6 months or so because the 
environment is quite volatile.So I just want to understand your thoughts? 
Rajesh Goenka: Yes. So the news is all around the corner that supplies will get toned down. And this has been 
the case since last 5, 6 months already. But we've seen the supplies somehow have been able to 
manage. So my bigger worry is the price increases and hence, the unaffordability, especially on 
the B2C consumer side, more than the supply. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Miloni Mehta from Monarch Networth Capital. 
Miloni Mehta: Congratulations on great execution. Sir, can you please walk us through the 9-month cash flow 
performance and also share the expectations of how the cash flows will be by end of the year? 
===== PDF page 11 =====
 Rashi Peripherals Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
Himanshu Shah: See, as I mentioned, the 9 months cash flow was INR34 crores positive at this point of time. And 
here, what we expect is if we are able to manage our working capital components in the fashion 
we have done, assigning a number to it will be too early, but ranges can be expected in the same 
genres. 
Miloni Mehta: And second question is, sir, in regards to the UAE subsidiary, so w hat is the rationale behind it 
and how do we -- hello? 
Himanshu Shah: Yes.  
Miloni Mehta: So what is the rationale behind it and like what are the medium-term plans there? 
Rajesh Goenka: Yes. So as you all know that we already have a Singapore subsidiary from where we are doing 
business not only to India, but also our - SAARC countries. So as a part of -- one is the need for 
execution because in SAARC  countries, material pickup is normally preferred from either Hong 
Kong or Dubai. So at this moment, it is more for execution purpose. Once we set up the 
operations and start expanding, then we'll look at the business angle. 
Miloni Mehta: And secondly, sir, in terms of like prices increasing these components, what could be the impact 
once the prices of these RAMs and SSD start softening? Like what kind of impact can it have 
on our margins and demand overall? 
Rajesh Goenka: So margin, as I said, not much of an impact to us. But in terms of demand, what we have come 
to know right now that there is no softening of these prices in the pipeline. But then last 30 years 
of cycle has always seen that when there something goes up, it  goes down as well. So fingers 
crossed. We hope that prices become stable because stable prices always gives better business 
and better predictability. So we are hoping for the best that price remains stable rather than going 
up or down. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Amit Agitcha from HG Hawa & Co. 
Amit Agitcha: Congratulations for a good set of numbers, sir. Sir, my question was related to debt. Like what 
is the targeted net debt to equity range over the cycle? And what is the current blended cost of 
borrowing? 
Himanshu Shah: 0.5 is the debt equity, which currently is there. And we expect looking at the business growth 
and all, we expect to maintain around that only. 
Amit Agitcha: And the current blended cost of borrowing? 
Himanshu Shah: So cost of borrowing is in the range of 7.5% to 8%. 
Amit Agitcha: And the last question from my side is about competition. Like where does the competition 
intensity is the most like pricing, credit or service? 
Rajesh Goenka: Can you repeat your question about competition? 
===== PDF page 12 =====
 Rashi Peripherals Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Amit Agitcha: Where does the competition intensity is most like pricing or service or credit? 
Rajesh Goenka: I think we focus more on ourselves. And as I have started saying that one is a very strong business 
planning, which is done months in advance. And second, because of our geographical reach in 
55 towns of India and 700 towns, where we have our customers, our execution, we continue to 
strengthen those capabilities by way of CRM and even to some extent, AI. And that's our belief 
will bring us continued success. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Gaurav Bhanshali from Augmont Enterprises. 
Gaurav Bhanshali: So my question was Micron has stopped the crucial consumer brands. So we being the 
distributors in India, how much will this affect us? And will we take a hit in this? 
Rajesh Goenka: Yes. So very valid. That's the only little bit concern point that we have since they have declared 
crucial business as end of life, but they will continue to do Micron business. So yes, we will 
have a hit in the next financial year because until April, they continue to do supply. Even today, 
we get -- we are getting constrained supplies with increased prices. 
 So next financial year, crucial definitely will be a dent, but we will continue to do Micron 
business, which is more enterprise class. So we are hoping that this should be able to cover the 
business loss. If not, we have other backup plan 1, 2, 3 also to c over it. But excellent question, 
you hit the nail at the right point. 
Gaurav Bhanshali: And the next question is, sir, with the RAM and SSD prices like basically rocketing 2x, 3x in 
the last quarter. My question is, has that helped us a lot or that is like edged marginally only? 
Rajesh Goenka: So it has obviously helped us to improve not only our top line, but bottom line also to some 
extent. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Deepak Poddar from Sapphire Capital. 
Deepak Poddar: Yes. So I joined the call a bit late. So pardon me if it's already been answered. So just wanted to 
check one thing now, this 43% growth that we have seen in this quarter. So how much was 
driven by volume? And what was the price increase growth out of this 43%? 
Rajesh Goenka: Yes. So more than -- I would say 50% is volume growth and 50% is because of the ASP, which 
is also supported by the dollar appreciation. So price increase has two  parameters. One is the 
product price increase and second is also the dollar appreciation. 
Deepak Poddar: And when you say, I mean, in your press release that because of this price hike, a lot of demand 
was there and people wanted to stock up. So this kind of growth is not repeatable as we go into 
coming quarters or next year? I mean, how should one look at that going forward? 
Rajesh Goenka: Yes. So I explained this. So right now, of course, because of the price hike already done and 
anticipated price hike, our customers are also stocking up the material. But as the message is 
now spreading to corporates and consumers that there is going to be  a further price hike, the 
===== PDF page 13 =====
 Rashi Peripherals Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
demand also has started pulling up. So now the entire chain has already started. So as a result, 
we are seeing continuity in business at least for next few quarters. 
Deepak Poddar: So next few quarters, you do expect a buoyancy in demand because of further price hike expected 
basically? 
Rajesh Goenka: Exactly. We are not seeing any softness in pricing. There is no indication so far of any softness 
in the pricing. 
Deepak Poddar: And when you say flat volume growth for next year, right, FY '26, so what exactly we are 
meaning? I mean, is there any range we are talking about in terms of volume growth? 
Rajesh Goenka: No, in terms of unit -- and that's our assumption. We are obviously not statistical company. But 
considering the price hike and unaffordability that could creep in and considering the fact that 
there could be some supply constraints, we think that unit -wise, it could be flattish for at least 
next 2 quarters. But with the increased price, the revenue will continue to grow. 
Deepak Poddar: Correct. And what is the average price hike? I mean, is it in the range of 20%, 30%? How should 
one look at that? 
Rajesh Goenka: Currently, about 20% price hike has already happened. And next 2 months, similar trend will 
continue on the hike on the overall product cycle, I mean, from laptop and desktop perspective. 
Whereas on other components the price hike is already 50%, 100% or even 2x already. 
Deepak Poddar: So ideally, even if your FY '2 7 -- next year, your volume growth is not there, your revenue 
growth will see -- still be quite good given the realization benefit that you might be getting? 
Rajesh Goenka: We are pretty optimistic. 
Deepak Poddar: And just one last small thing… 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt you sir, but if you have a follow-up question, please. 
Deepak Poddar: Just a small thing, just a small thing. It will take a minute. Sir, when you talk about distribution 
margin, it is on a percentage basis or it's a fixed spread? 
Rajesh Goenka: Normally, it is percentage basis. Sometimes we have an exception depending on the size of the 
product and the indirect cost involved in it. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter Cyclical Investments. 
Madhur Rathi: Sir, I wanted to understand when -- how do we see our working capital cycle decreasing or cash 
flow from operations increasing to a positive trend? Because sir, if I see our last 10 years, only 
two of those years, we have been able to showcase a positive cash flow from operations. So I 
was trying to understand on that front? 
===== PDF page 14 =====
 Rashi Peripherals Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Himanshu Shah: See, cash flow -- working capital cycle optimizing, as explained earlier also that working capital 
components, we are managing based on the forward-looking business scenarios. And we are 
trying to optimize those components by keeping the debtors and creditors almost in the range of 
netting out each other. And inventory definitely is a matter of planning forward-looking. 
 Now with that, if the working capital cycle, there are scenarios, where the ups and downs come, 
but the deviation range is a standard range. It does not go beyond a certain point or below a 
certain point. On either side, this is a standard deviation range.  What we feel we are operating 
at optimum levels of working capital cycle applicable to our kind of product, our kind of business 
model, our kind of customer mix. and the penetrated infrastructure, which we carry for the 
distribution. 
 Defining any range of reduction and all will be to short -term scenario, which may come or go 
depending upon business scenarios. However, we are open with our analytics that whenever it 
is required, we control the inventory and when it is required, we hold the inventory for scenarios 
and current quarter results, you have seen that the optimum utilization has yielded the results. 
Madhur Rathi: And sir, on our PAT margin, sir, we have been constantly delivering our PAT margins upwards 
of our 1.5% range. Sir, so, is this because of the SKU-driven nature of the product that we hold 
versus some of our competitors that we are able to -- because sir, from our earlier expectations, 
we have been doing much better. So is it because of that? 
 And sir, has something changed post-COVID? Because sir, pre-FY '20, our PAT margins were 
either 1% or less than that. So I'm trying to understand, has something changed that are we able 
to get better terms with our OEM suppliers or principals because of th at we can do higher PAT 
margins? 
Rajesh Goenka: Yes. So our product portfolio is enormous. We have multiple product categories right from CPU 
memory to a branded PC to AI data center solutions. A nd second, we have the widest reach by 
way of 55 branch offices, wherein we are able to sell to a larger breadth of the customers. So a 
mix of product and reach helps us to get a little bit better margins at times. 
Madhur Rathi: Sir, and on the software front and enterprise business, sir, how do we see that those 2 segments 
scaling up maybe over FY '27 and FY '28? 
Rajesh Goenka: Yes. So enterprise business, we have built a very strong ecosystem. We have taken multiple 
initiatives in the last 3 months as well. So we are buoyant and very optimistic for doing extremely 
good in the enterprise vertical, especially. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Bhavin Chheda from Enam Holdings. 
Bhavin Chheda: Congratulations on excellent set of numbers across both the segments. I missed out on the 
volume and the price growth. I think what you mentioned was half of over 20% volume growth 
and over 20% price growth in the top line growth of 43%? 
Rajesh Goenka: Absolutely, Bhavin, bhai. 
===== PDF page 15 =====
 Rashi Peripherals Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Bhavin Chheda: And now basically, what you're guiding is saying that coming quarters, we will mostly see price 
benefits and we won't see volume growth on a Y -o-Y basis. Is that the indication? Or it would 
be different across product segments like PCs, components and all that? 
Rajesh Goenka: Yes. So components, there will be, for sure, dip. But again, there, the price increase will offset. 
In branded side, we expect the unit to be flattish and price increase will be there. So there will 
be a benefit there. So that's what is our anticipation and expectation based on our knowledge. 
Bhavin Chheda: Can desktops will see a volume growth? 
Rajesh Goenka: No, desktop, in fact, is in a shortage. So desktop will show a degrowth, but notebooks supply, at 
least in this current quarter, Q4 is there with increased price, that will be  an advantageous 
assumption. 
Kapal Pansari: So just to add to what Rajesh Goenka mentioned, if you compare these replies that Rajesh just 
mentioned, the volume growth will not happen from Q3 to Q4. Quarter -over-quarter, the 
supplies remains flat. However, if you compare from year-over-year, there is already an increase 
in terms of supplies.  
So volume growth from year -to-year will continue to be seen for the next two quarters. While 
quarter-over-quarter, there may not be any growth in terms of volume. In terms of price rise, that 
is a quarter-over-quarter scenario. That continues to rise. And therefore, we say that affordability 
is the reason why volume growth may not be sustainable in the current times if the prices 
continue to grow. So that's why our internal planning and guidance is to maintain the volumes, 
while prices will give the additional revenue growth. But from a year-over-year perspective, the 
impact is going to be much larger. 
Bhavin Chheda: Yes, that's very interesting and a detailed one. Does this quarter and 9 months had any large 
project wins? Because I think last year, we had booked almost like INR1,900 crores to INR2,000 
crores of that revenue. So that is not there in the current fiscal, right? 
Rajesh Goenka: Yes, Bhavin, ji, so that --  I think that's a very pertinent point. I'm happy to share that on a 9 
months to 9-month basis, our revenue growth is 5%, but all this growth, even bigger 5% growth 
is without any project order.  So last year, we had almost INR 2,000 crores of project order vis -
a-vis this year, it is nil.  
Primarily, it was by design because the previous order execution was done, but payment 
collection was delayed. So we just wanted the entire payment along with interest and everything 
to get collected. That is all done now. So right now, this growth is without the INR2,000 crores 
of last year project business. 
Bhavin Chheda: Great. And last one for Himanshu. If you can share the gross debt and net debt numbers? 
Himanshu Shah: Yes. We will share you offline. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Amit Khetan from Laburnum Capital. 
===== PDF page 16 =====
 Rashi Peripherals Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Amit Khetan: Can you talk about how you see the pipeline for large deals? And how is the competitive intensity 
in that space? 
Rajesh Goenka: The pipeline is decent, but the execution because from the supply side and because of the price 
increasing, the execution is far slower. So for example, you pick up a project today and if it is 
scheduled to be executed after 3 months, generally, what is happening is, one is the supply gets 
extended beyond 3 months. 
 And second, there are price hikes also. So from supplier side also nowadays, we are not getting 
price confirmation valid for 6 months or 9 months because of the price volatility. So as a result 
of this, the situation is a little bit dynamic. But from a demand perspective, there are many 
projects in the pipeline. 
Amit Khetan: Do we expect some conversions to happen in FY '27? 
Rajesh Goenka: Yes, for sure.  
Amit Khetan: And secondly, if I look at your base business, excluding the large deals, we've grown by about 
24% for the first 9 months, right? Should we expect this run rate to continue for Q4 because your 
guidance was sort of 15% plus on the base business, but we seem to have done much better? 
Rajesh Goenka: Yes. So we hope to continue the similar trend. And our guidance was always 15% to 20%, but 
because of the price increase shortage and hence, because of a little bit extra stocking, this 
business has done a little bit more than what we had anticipated, and it should continue in the 
coming quarter as well. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Deepak from Unifi Capital. 
Deepak: Sir, first question, if you can call out how much inventory gain did we book in this quarter? I 
just want to know the total quantum. And also the price hike benefit that we saw in PES and LIT 
segment separately? 
Rajesh Goenka: Can we take these numbers offline, Deepak, because these are specific numbers, we'll have to 
work it out and communicate to you. 
Deepak: Sure. Okay. Got it. Sir, the second question was around the tertiary demand. See, you have seen 
demand growth at your end, but I just wanted to understand, is it also translating for the channel 
as well? Is the end consumer also being able to afford these prices and hence this is not just 
stocking up of inventory at the channel level and the end customer not being able to buy? 
Rajesh Goenka: Very, very appropriate point. So Q3, you are right, it was more inventory piling up at the channel 
level. But however, now the price increase implementation has already happened. And now 
virtually every consumer -- potential consumer and corporate knows of  this impending price 
hike. So if they were to buy in March to --  before the year -end, they are now preparing --  
preponing the purchases. So we have seen -- January onwards, we have seen good tertiary sales 
across all product segments. 
===== PDF page 17 =====
 Rashi Peripherals Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Deepak: Sir, given this affordability challenge that our channel partners also would be facing, do you 
expect your debtor days to go up? And also because of your procurement challenges, your 
inventory cycle to go up? Just wanted some color on that. And how is competition behaving on 
both credit to the channel and stocking up of inventory? 
Rajesh Goenka: Yes. So this is a balance that we have to drive, and that's where our core competency is on play. 
So far, we have been very successful for inventory planning and even execution. All our eyes 
are on. There is a potential risk of having excess inventory or there is a potential challenge of 
lengthened debtors. But all our eyes are on it. Our ecosystem, we are monitoring on a daily basis. 
We are confident of being continued momentum. 
Deepak: Sure. Any sense of the competition here? How is competition tackling this debtor -- the working 
capital part? And do you see that you could benefit out of this? 
Rajesh Goenka: I will not be able to comment about the competition, but I can only highlight that apple-to-apple 
comparison with competition cannot happen because we are a pure ICT value-added distributor. 
We promote and sell only IT products, not smartphones and software and other businesses. 
Deepak: Sure. Understood. Sir, last question you mentioned. 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt you, sir, but if you have a follow-up question, please rejoin the queue. Thank 
you. Our next question comes from the line of Dhruvish Pujara from Premji Invest. 
Dhruvish Pujara: Sir, I have one question. I want to know how does the power dynamics work in -- between the 
OEM and the distributor in a rising price environment, right? So there is clearly money on the 
table on a per unit basis. So what stops the OEM from taking that sha re by like reducing the 
gross margin by 100 bps or something like that? So that's the question? 
Kapal Pansari: See, this industry does not have power dynamics between OEM and distribution. In fact, 
distribution partners are an extended arms of all OEMs. We work hand -in-hand in terms of 
market mapping, product alignment and technology transitions over a period of time. The terms 
of trade is not quarterly or monthly negotiable.  
They are long -term contracts and sustained over years of our operations. So it does not mean 
that we -- opportunistically, there are negotiations in terms of price or margins or in terms of any 
other credit costs.  What only discussion happens in case of very large opportunities, where 
economies of scale is very high and competitive scenario between two OEMs is extremely high.  
We participate jointly to evaluate deal -based and ROE-based operations. And that is very rare.  
Till date, in FY '26, we do not have any such transactions that we've executed. Obviously, Rajesh 
mentioned about large deals. That will have its implication at some point in time. But on a regular 
distribution day-to-day basis, that does not occur at all. 
Dhruvish Pujara: So what are the typical renegotiation intervals? 
===== PDF page 18 =====
 Rashi Peripherals Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Kapal Pansari: Normally, renegotiation does not happen. But if you are asking me to pinpoint a number, then I 
would say yearly. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Sankaranarayanan from ithough PMS. 
Sankaranarayanan: Yes, sir. So I've joined this call lately. Pardon me if this question has already been answered by 
any of our participants. So my question is more on the demand side. So in your talks with the 
OEM, so what kind of incentives or discounts or volume discount s provided by your OEM? 
Because since if this price increase will be continuous in the upcoming quarters, let's say, from 
an OEM perspective, will they be able to take some of the cost in order to retain the volume 
demand? Or how should we think about it, sir? 
Rajesh Goenka: Currently, in this price increase and limited supply scenario, the question of discounts do not 
appear at all. What will only appear what we work with the OEM partners is to give consumer 
offers like 0 interest EMI so that it becomes more affordable to the consumers. Beyond that, in 
the current scenario, there is no discussion. The entire discussion is the price will go up by 
another 7%, 8% next month and again, 5% next month. So that's the only discussion right now 
we are having because of the global shortage and uptrend. 
Sankaranarayanan: And if you were to compare the current scenario with what was happening during COVID 
period, so how do you compare in terms of -- because during that time as well, there was a supply 
issue and there was a good demand as well. So we were able to fully absorb by the end consumer 
and all the distribution players are able to gain good return metrics and margin during that time. 
So if you have to compare between those two scenarios, how do you view the current situation? 
Rajesh Goenka: I think both situations were extremely different. In COVID situation, the demand was very, very 
high. I mean it was almost 2x. And sitting at home, everyone wanted to buy whatever was 
available. So it was a mad scramble to get the products. Right now, in this current scenario, there 
is no scramble to get the products, but we are anticipating shortage and price rise.  
So therefore, in Q3, there was no surge in demand. But now Q4, we are seeing that consumers 
and corporates have started identifying that, yes, if I buy after 2 months, I may have to pay 
another 10% or 15%. So they have started procuring. So there is no surge in demand as such. So 
it's both extreme situation. The resultant is, of course, similar. 
Sankaranarayanan: And maybe in the upcoming fiscal year as well, we will able to achieve this kind of growth 
because of price increase and not due to volume-led demand? 
Rajesh Goenka: Absolutely. I mentioned the same earlier. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Aasim from DAM Capital. 
Aasim: Sir, I just wanted some more understanding on the volume growth comment that you made some 
time back. So I understand Q -o-Q volume may be flat for a couple of quarters. But I thought I 
heard Y-o-Y, there will still be growth, at least in the quarters ahead. So does that mean supply 
is better now vers us the same quarters last year o r is it just the preponing bit that you actually 
===== PDF page 19 =====
 Rashi Peripherals Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
wanted to highlight, hence, volume growth might be better on a Y -o-Y basis, for say, Q4 and 
maybe Q1? 
Rajesh Goenka: Yes. Y-o-Y, for example, Q4 to Q4, the quantity unit -wise will continue to grow because that 
planning has already been done and these plannings are done almost 6 months in advance. So 
for at least next 1 to 2 quarters, unit will continue to grow. Subsequently, units will start getting 
flattish. And that's where the higher selling price will start playing a bigger role. 
Aasim: But still, it would be the end consumer demand or rather end demand getting preponed into the 
earlier quarters because of price rise. That would have been the reason why you have planned 
for volumes so that there will be a Y-o-Y growth for at least two quarters and then  
Rajesh Goenka: Yes. That is one in any case, but in any case because of our GDP growth, because of our 
economy, because of our digital implementation, because of our low PC penetration, in any case, 
8% to 10% Y -o-Y growth was anticipated. So basis that, we have already planned those 
numbers. 
Aasim: No, I mean, these 8% to 10% would be like a long-term CAGR basis. But in the current 
environment, maybe we'll have to -- I mean, maybe this quarter was a super normal quarter in 
volumes, then things might come off a bit, then maybe a couple of quarters, you must see 
negative volumes, whatever you can cover from price rises will be the only factor. So I just --  I 
mean, I was just trying to understand the Y-o-Y bit. But I take your point. That's it from my side. 
Sorry, were you making a point? 
Rajesh Goenka: No. Thank you I said. 
Aasim: Okay, sure. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of SB Bhaiya an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
SB Bhaiya: Thank you for the opportunity, sir. All my questions have been answered. So there are no further 
questions to be asked. Thank you very much. 
Management: Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
Kapal Pansari: I would like to thank you all for joining the call today and I hope we were able to address all 
your queries. If you have any further questions, you can reach out to our IR partners at Valorem 
Advisors. Thank you for participating in the call again. We look forward to presenting you next 
quarter, our Q4 results very eagerly. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Monarch Networth Capital Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 