===== PDF page 1 =====
 
 
Rashi Peripherals Limited 
(Formerly known as Rashi Peripherals Private Limited) 
Regd. Office: Ariisto House, 5th Floor, N S Phadke Road, Andheri East, Mumbai, Maharashtra – 400069, India 
• Tel: +91-22-6177 1771 | Fax +91-22-61771999 • www.rptechindia.com  |  CIN: L30007MH1989PLC051039 
 
 
May 20, 2026        
To,  
Listing Operation Department  
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejecbhoy Towers  
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400 001  
 
Scrip Code: 544119 
 
Listing Compliance Department 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE)  
05th Floor, Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, Bandra 
Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) Mumbai - 400 051  
 
Symbol: RPTECH 
  
             Sub.: Transcript of Analysts/Investors Call held on Friday, May 15, 2026 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,     
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 , please find enclosed herewith the transcript of   
Analysts/Investors Earnings concall held on Friday, May 15 , 202 6 at 10:00 p.m. (IST) for the 
Audited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results for the quarter and year ended March 31, 
2026. 
 
The same will also be uploaded on the website of the Company at www.rptechindia.com/investor. 
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
 
Yours faithfully, 
FOR RASHI PERIPHERALS LIMITED 
 
 
 
Arvind Bajoria 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
===== PDF page 2 =====
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
“Rashi Peripherals Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 15, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
      
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KAPAL PANSARI – MANAGING DIRECTOR – RASHI 
PERIPHERALS LIMITED 
 MR. RAJESH GOENKA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER & 
WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR – RASHI PERIPHERALS 
LIMITED 
 MR. HIMANSHU SHAH – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
RASHI PERIPHERALS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: MR. KARAN KAMDAR – CHOICE EQUITY BROKING   
 
 

===== PDF page 3 =====
 Rashi Peripherals Limited 
  May 15, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Rashi Peripherals Limited Q4 FY26 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Choice Equity Broking Private Limited. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen -only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone . Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Karan Kamdar from Choice Equity Broking. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Karan Kamdar: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of the management team of Rashi Peripherals 
Limited, I welcome you to the Q4 and Full Year FY 26 Earnings Conference Call. Joining us 
today to discuss the company's performance, we have from the management team, Mr.  Kapal 
Pansari, Managing Director; Mr. Rajesh Goenka, CEO  & Whole time Director ; and Mr. 
Himanshu Shah, Chief Financial Officer. 
Before we begin, we must remind you that the discussion on today's call may include certain 
forward-looking statements that may involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other 
factors and thus must be viewed in conjunction with the risks that the company faces. Future 
results, performance or achievements may differ significantly from what is expressed and 
implied by such forward-looking statements. 
I now request Mr. Kapal Pansari to take us through the company's business outlook and financial 
highlights, after which, we will open the floor for Q&A. Over to you, sir. Thank you. 
Kapal Pansari: Thank you, Choice Equity Broking, for hosting this call. On behalf of the entire Rashi 
Peripherals team, I want to thank our shareholders, analysts, partners and well-wishers who have 
made this time to be with us this morning.  To give you a backdrop of the industry, FY '26 has 
been without exaggeration, the most consequential year for Indian ICT distribution industry in 
over a decade.  
Three structural forces converged at the same time and they will continue to define our sector 
for the next 3 to 4 years. First, India crossed a generational PC milestone. According to IDC, 
India's traditional PC market shipped a record 15.9 million units in calendar year of 2025, 
growing at about 10.2% year -on-year, the strongest ever year, surpassing even the pandemic 
peaks of 2021 and 2022. 
Second, the AI PC inflection is real and accelerating. AI -enabled notebooks grew 129% year -
on-year in calendar 2025. Gartner projects AI PCs will cross 50% of all PC shipments globally 
in calendar year 2026, with India tracking that curve very closely. The  Windows 10 end of 
support in October 2025 has triggered a multiyear refresh cycle. This is not a 1-quarter tailwind. 
It is a structural multiyear upgrade super cycle. 
And the third, component economics turned in distributors favor with memory DRAM, NAND, 
GPU processors all have sustained pricing firmness through FY '26, driven by AI data center 
===== PDF page 4 =====
 Rashi Peripherals Limited 
  May 15, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
demand absorbing global capacities. For a distributor of its scale, deep OEM relationships and 
inventory discipline, this environment rewards execution.  
IDC has flagged that calendar year 2026 may see a temporary dip of 5% to 10% in PC shipments 
as the component cost works through the system. We read this not as a headwind, but as a 
normalizing year after a record run and one where disciplined distributors  with strong working 
capital and balance sheets will continue to take share. 
Where does Rashi stand in this industry is that this IC T industry marks almost about INR 1.5 
lakh crores-plus opportunity with roughly 70% concentrated among top players. With India's PC 
penetration sits at just about 15% to 20%, there is enough room for runway to digitize as the 
penetration deepens into Tier 2, Tier 3 and Tier 4 markets.  
With our strategic initiatives that has been built on Rashi's strong ICT distribution driven by 
high volume, anchored on reach relationship and execution, we are now positioned to look 
forward from here on. Our focus will be on three key pillars. One is expand our high-margin and 
high-growth verticals.  
The second is to evaluate margin expansions in the entire value chain. And the third is to 
continue to focus on our core engines of personal computing enterprise and our existing business. 
That will fuel the growth for these Rashi's transformation. We rema in confident that with the 
Indian ICT distribution market growing structurally. 
With our balance sheet brand relationships and execution track record. Rashi is positioned to 
deliver not just continued above industry average growth, but a meaningful differential earning 
quality for over next 3 to 5 years.  I now hand over the call to Rajesh Goenka for his opening 
speech. 
Rajesh Goenka: Thank you, Kapal. Good morning, everyone. Let me take you briefly through the operational 
highlights of Rashi Peripherals. During the quarter, demand conditions remained healthy across 
key categories, supported by enterprise refresh demand, improving traction on AI-ready devices 
and higher channel procurement as the price uptrend continues.  
We continue to maintain strong execution momentum and benefited from our strong distribution 
network of 55 city branch offices with 10,000- plus customers in 700- plus towns of India.  We 
continue to be the leading value -added distributors for various AI solutions, including the 
recently launched NVIDIA DGX Spark, which brings affordability to SMB and corporates and 
developers, which can help these customers to develop Agentic AI solutions, inferencing and 
run local LLMs in their office premise. 
We further strengthened our market presence through strategic partnerships and brand additions 
across multiple technology segments. Our partnership with Dell Technologies enhanced our 
commercial portfolio, especially on the server and the storage space, while our association with 
Teachmint Technologies enabled us to expand into AI -powered classroom and digital learning 
solutions.  
===== PDF page 5 =====
 Rashi Peripherals Limited 
  May 15, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
In addition, we supported the India launch of Oura health rings, strengthening our presence in 
the premium health tech and lifestyle technology segment. We also continue to evaluate selective 
opportunities in emerging technology areas, including the semiconductor ecosystem as a part of 
our long-term growth strategy. 
As part of our expansion strategy, we continue to add our infrastructure by adding 3 new 
branches, namely in Nanded, Baramati and Solapur in Maharashtra, which now totals to 55 
branch operations, by far the largest and unprecedented, further deepening our reach across the 
C and D-class cities.  
We also conducted an 8-city AI Bootcamp, engaging about 2,500 developers and 300- plus 
CXOs focused on AI infrastructure and real -world enterprise use cases, reflecting our 
commitment to accelerating AI live adoption across industries. Finally, we remain committed to 
building a strong workplace culture and are proud to have been recognized as a Great Place to 
Work for, for the fifth consecutive time. Thank you so much.  
Now I hand over to our CFO, Mr. Himanshu Shah, to take over the financial performance for 
the period under review. 
Himanshu Shah: Thank you, Rajesh, and good morning to everyone. I'll now take you through the financial 
performance of the period under review. Our consolidated performance for the fourth quarter of 
financial year 2026 revenue from operations increased by 51% year-on-year to INR4,489 crores. 
EBITDA increased by 41% year -on-year with EBITDA margins at 2.95%. Profit after tax was 
INR87 crores, registering a growth of 65% year-on-year with PAT margins of 1.93%. 
For the financial year 2026, consolidated revenue from operations grew 15% year -on-year to 
INR15,827 crores. EBITDA increased by 53% to INR 459 crores with EBITDA margin 
expanding by 72 bps to 2.90 %. Profit after tax rose 35% year -on-year to INR 282 crores with 
PAT margins at 1.78%. 
In terms of segmental performance for the perio d under review, PES which constitutes around 
58% of our business and LIT contributed 42%. Our cash flows for the period as compared to the 
outflows in the earlier years, we generated a healthy operating cash flow of INR 514 crores for 
the period. 
On the working capital front, we continued to maintain disciplined control across key parameters 
while supporting business growth and higher procurement activity during the year. Inventory 
days stood at 56 days, reflecting calibrated inventory management to ensure product availability 
across key categories. Debtors were at 46 days, in line with higher business volumes and 
continued expansion across channels.  
Our creditor days stood at 44 days, reflecting balanced vendor management and procurement 
planning. Consequently, working capital remained well managed at 58 days, aligned with the 
operating requirements of the business. I'm also glad to inform you that the ROCE on an 
===== PDF page 6 =====
 Rashi Peripherals Limited 
  May 15, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
annualized basis has crossed 16%, and for the quarter, it was 19%-plus. With this, I would like 
to hand it back to the moderator open up for question-and-answer session. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question and answer session. The f irst 
question is from the line of Miloni Mehta from Monarch Capital. Please go ahead. 
Miloni Mehta: Hi, sir congratulations on a great set of numbers. Sir, how much was the top line growth driven 
by pricing versus volume? And moving ahead, after this exceptional growth, what would be the 
normalized growth that we see for FY '27 onwards?  And secondly, I just want to understand 
about the semiconductor and AI -led business. From when can it meaningfully alter the overall 
margins like over near term and how much can it benefit us? 
Rajesh Goenka: Okay. Miloni, I think you have asked three questions. I'll try to answer one by one. So first, your 
question is about the impact of the price on our top line. So as a clarification, the price increase 
predominantly has started from second half of the financial year. So first half of the year, the 
price increase impact was miniscule.  
But at the same time, second half, there was a substantial impact. So H1, whatever growth we 
had was primarily on account of larger unit sales and more customers. H2, roughly on an average 
basis, if I see, the growth has been about 46%, 47% H2-to -H2. I would account half of it or at 
least 20%, 22% growth because of the increase in the price.  
So that's the answer to your first question.  Second question on the upcoming trajectory, so we 
always maintain that Rashi Peripherals has continued to deliver 20% CAGR for last 20 years. 
So even if with this year's overall performance of 15%, and if I exclude the 1 AI project that we 
did last year, then our growth is 31%, but then our average continues to be 20% CAGR.  
So we are very confident to maintain our trajectory of 20% CAGR in the coming year as well.  
And your third question was about semiconductor, I'm happy to share with all of you that our 
semiconductor business, we have had 131% growth on a year -to-year basis. It is trending well, 
although the base is small, but it is building very strong. And we ar e having, as I said, 131% 
growth last year. But yes, considering the overall size of INR 15,800 crores, semiconductor 
meaningful impact to our top line and bottom li ne is a few years away. Yes. Miloni, I have 
answered all your three points. 
Miloni Mehta: Okay, sir. Okay. And any like margin impact due to the semiconductor or currently, it's not that 
significant. So like by when do we expect again a few years from now? 
Rajesh Goenka: Yes, it is a few years from now because our overall size of the company is INR 15,800 crores, 
and semiconductor business is relatively newer baby. So in a few years, we'll have to wait. But 
we have a very strong wicket with 131% growth. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Vinay Menon from Monarch Capital. 
Vinay Menon: A couple of questions. One, you mentioned AI PC growing. I just wanted to understand that 
what would you define to be an AI PC because there are multiple differentiations in the market. 
===== PDF page 7 =====
 Rashi Peripherals Limited 
  May 15, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
So are you talking about a PC that has a NPU? Or is it specifically  is there anything which you 
look at to categorize it as an AI PC? 
Rajesh Goenka: Absolutely. So a PC or a laptop which predominantly has an NPU is identified as an AI PC. But 
at the same time, higher -- high-end processors with GPUs also are identified as AI PCs, which 
can take AI workloads. To give you some idea, currently around 25% of the PCs and notebooks 
sold in the country are AI PCs, but this is only accelerating. And next 1 to 2 years, we see 
multiple growth in this particular segment, which will also drive the average selling price of the 
notebook further up. 
Vinay Menon: Okay. That helps. And just to talk on the overall PC refresh cycle, we saw some kind of a delay 
because of these price hikes. So are you seeing that demand come in Q4? Or you think that will 
be more in H1 or H2 of '27? 
Rajesh Goenka: So this is a very good question, Vinay. When the price hike cycle started, around Q3 and early 
Q4, a lot of large corporate ISVs extended their refresh cycle from 3 years to 4 years and 4 years 
to 5 years. But then the way the price increase is happening, now the -- my observation is the 
trend is reversing, that now everyone is realizing that if I delay the purchase by 1 year, I may 
have to pay another 30% or 40% more price.  
So it is better to refresh it right now rather than waiting for one. And that is the reason, as Kapal 
mentioned, last year, we had a record of 15.9 million PCs sold. So now you're getting reversed 
of the refresh cycle and it looks like that refresh cycle will continue to be normal as in previous 
years. 
Vinay Menon: Okay. That helps, sir. And one last thing on the semiconductor thing. How much we have 
understood that in semiconductor, the number of the working capital cycle is a little stretched 
and you see 100-plus odd days there. So just want to understand that what would be our working 
capital there? And is it stretching our working capital a bit? And will it do that in maybe a few 
years once the scale is there? 
Rajesh Goenka: So while the working capital  is higher, but at the same time, the gross margins are also 
substantially higher. So in terms of ROCE, if we look at it, then it is higher than our regular 
business. So it is not a cause of worry. And at the same time, at this moment, we do not require 
too much of working capital because the size in the overall scheme of things is still very small. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter Cyclical Investments. 
Madhur Rathi: Sir, I wanted to understand what has led to  your LIT segment has seen a decent growth this 
year. So if you could help us understand what was the price growth here and what was the 
volume growth here. And where do we see this segment going forward? 
Rajesh Goenka: Yes. So first of all, let me just clarify that the good thing for Rashi Peripherals particularly is 
that we have a very wide range of products and solutions. So we are not dependent on either on 
LIT or PES because LIT contributes to 42% of our total gross revenue and PES contributes to 
58%. So that means there is a very good balance. And I also am happy to share with you that in 
===== PDF page 8 =====
 Rashi Peripherals Limited 
  May 15, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
the LIT category, we have grown on a year -to-year basis at the rate of 24%. And in the PES 
category, we have grown at 37%, which is obvious because of the higher H2 PC demand and 
because of the higher ASPs. 
Madhur Rathi: Right. And sir, LIT is a better gross margin product. So if you could help us understand, can we 
expect the further --  if this mix in business increases, can you expect a further gross margin 
improvement? And second question would be, sir, where are you on a software side of business, 
the software and hyperscaler side of business? With so much data center and new cloud 
companies coming out, so if you could help us understand on that? 
Rajesh Goenka: Yes. So LIT, we continue to grow almost 2x of the industry. LIT, one, Rashi Peripherals market 
share is very high. And second, in that category, the growth is also not as PES. But we continue 
to beat the market. And as I said, we continue to grow at 2x. Whereas PES, because of the PC 
refresh, because of the price going up, the natural growth opportunity is there.  
So we will continue to have growth momentum in both the categories, but to me, it does not 
appear that LIT will be able to take over or come closer to PES. So that's one.  And the second 
question was on your hyperscalers. So if you remember, last year, that was '2024-  '25, we had 
the privilege of executing India's first and the largest AI data center very successfully.  
Last year, we have not done consciously a meaningful business in that segment because we 
already had a hyper growth of 37% if I just remove that project order. But this year, we plan to 
have growth both in regular business plus in project business, and we are in the race to win some 
of the AI data center projects as we speak. 
Madhur Rathi: And sir, do we see our working inventory days coming down with Make in India initiatives of 
this hardware component that is moving to India a lot faster, similar to seen in the mobile 
ecosystem, do we see our inventory days coming down maybe over the next 2 to 3 years because 
of this shift? 
Rajesh Goenka: Yes. So theoretically, there should be some impact of inventory days correction as the Make in 
India grows. But the real fact right now is that Make in India is still very limited. And second, 
excluding the project, we've had a 31% growth on a Y-o-Y basis. So when you are having 30% 
growth in regular business, then you need to continuously buy inventory and keep inventory. So 
these two factors right now are not enabling us to reduce the inventory days. But going forward, 
yes, there is a good chance in scope of improving the inventory days. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Hitesh Goel from Aurigin Capital. Please go ahead. 
Hitesh Goel: Thanks for taking my questions and congrats to the management for a very good set of numbers. 
Sir, on Dell part, can you give us numbers what is part of revenues in Dell in absolute revenue 
this quarter and last quarter, just to see the trajectory? 
Rajesh Goenka: Hitesh, I'm not at the privilege to give the specific numbers brand-wise because even as per our 
agreement, we cannot disclose. But only thing I can indicate to you that last year, we started 
midway and we have tested waters. Good thing is that we are doing their entire products and 
===== PDF page 9 =====
 Rashi Peripherals Limited 
  May 15, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
solution groups right from their PCs to laptops to servers, storage, monitors everything. And to 
give you an indication, it should be a double-digit share in our overall top line. 
Hitesh Goel: In fourth quarter, you're saying? 
Rajesh Goenka: No, I'm talking on the entire year. 
Hitesh Goel: Okay. So because of the trajectory, I think it came in second quarter only last year, right? 
Rajesh Goenka: Correct, yes. Right now it is at low single digit. But on a Y -o-Y basis, next financial year, we 
think that it should be close to double-digit share. 
Hitesh Goel: Okay. And sir, you also alluded to margin expansion in FY '27. Can you explain? I didn't get 
this. How will you increase the margin in this hyperinflation environment? So can you just give 
us some sense there? 
Kapal Pansari: Yes. So there are two thoughts -- two points to this. The margin expansion business that we are 
trying to talk about is how do we create a better value chain and value proposition for the 
organization. Typically, when you expand into semiconductor, enterpr ise businesses, these 
businesses are not of just supply chain but we are solution- driven economics. So when you 
provide solutions, whether it is related to services, whether it is related to design-led sales 
strategy, they always give you a potential to earn higher margins. And that expansion will drive 
our higher margin portfolios. 
Hitesh Goel: So this is more of a strategy for 2, 3 years, not like FY '27? 
Kapal Pansari: Absolutely. 
Hitesh Goel: Okay. Got it, sir. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Tushar Khandelwal from Nexus Equity. Please go 
ahead.  
Tushar Khandelwal: Sure. Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, my question is from like next year and year 
forward, what would be the split between lifestyle and enterprise segments? And if you can give 
me the volume numbers, volume and price growth, where what will be the share of  volume 
growth and price growth? 
Rajesh Goenka: Yes. So as I explained already, our last year lifestyle growth, LIT growth is 24% and PES growth 
is 37%. So I think similar ratio will continue in the next year also, again, because in LIT we have 
a higher market share. That is one. As far as the price increase is concerned, LIT, there is no 
major price increases happening. It is routine price increase only. The price increase is happening 
and is expected to further increase in the PES category only. And that increase, now onwards, it 
is expected on an average should be another 20%. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Aejas from Unifi Mutual Fund. 
===== PDF page 10 =====
 Rashi Peripherals Limited 
  May 15, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Aejas: Congratulations on a very strong execution, really speaks about how the organization is set up 
and is delivering at scale and size. Two questions from my side.  First is, team, could you call 
out that from whatever is available publicly, we are hearing about a lot of these incremental data 
center opportunities that is coming in the country? 
Can you just articulate how we should understand FY '27 and '28 and your ability to participate 
in deals that like you have done with the first data center deal? How do you intend to participate 
in them? Because we understand that there is a certain capital requirements for such deals and 
they are definitely accretive. But given the capital requirement of these deals and your learnings 
from the first deal, how should we really understand how RP Tech can participate in them? 
Rajesh Goenka: So Aejas, I think, again, this is a very relevant question in this prevailing time. So before I answer 
your point, I just want to take this opportunity to share with all our investor community that 
Rashi Peripherals was the first company to execute a INR 2,000 crores, 512-server, 4,000 GPU 
AI data center at Yotta very successfully, which included installation as well.  
We are, again, the only distribution company in India, which has this kind of expertise of doing 
basic predesign, ordering, logistics and installation. So that's the first one that I want to give you 
confidence to you, Aejas, on this. Now there are multiple AI-related data center and non-AI data 
center projects are going on in the country, primarily because of the data sovereignty, primarily 
because there is a major push from the PMO office.  
We are there in almost all the projects and we are discussing, they are at various stages of 
discussions. But then as you rightly mentioned, the size could be very big. Right now, as I speak, 
there are funnels of almost INR20,000 crores, INR25,000 crores which are under consideration. 
I'm not very sure whether they can get finalized or no.  Rashi will pick up proportionate to our 
capacity amongst these opportunities and obviously not run after everything because they are, 
one, capital intensive, and second, the margins are also lower on this front. But then we are there 
in this in the forefront. 
Aejas: Understood. So Rajesh ji, I hear you. But could you give me some incremental color on your 
thought process? Because participating in these deals is relevant because of your ability to stitch 
things together, right? So it gives you a certain visibility and the presence. And thes e are fast-
moving items and they're growing quickly.  
But again, like you mentioned, it's capital consuming with slightly lower margins. So how will 
you make that trade-off between participating in a deal or continuing to use that capital in your 
regular business, per se? So how do you make these decisions? T hat's what I'm trying to get a 
sense of? 
Rajesh Goenka: Yes. So while we, first of all, do not compromise on our regular run rate business, where we 
continue to aspire to have 15% to 20% growth and then over and above, I think we currently 
post-IPO, we have the capacity to pick up these kind of projects subject  to ROIs. So if there is 
an opportunity where we have a decent ROI, then we can pick up these projects as an add -on 
this without compromising our regular run rate growth of 20% Y-o-Y. 
===== PDF page 11 =====
 Rashi Peripherals Limited 
  May 15, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Aejas: Okay. And could you, team, just call out that -- I mean, broadly this year from the INR 15,800 
crores of revenue, what's been the cut between the large deals including maybe the spillover of 
the data center, the enterprise segment and the core distribution business? Could you just give 
some revenue cuts or color around them? And second, just lastly, could you speak about how 
the enterprise side of the segment is doing for you? 
Rajesh Goenka: Yes. So last year, we did not do any AI large deals. They were all small deals to the tune of INR5 
crores, INR10 crores, INR15 crores only. So our 15% growth is without any large deals. And 
therefore, I said, if I remove the last to last year Yotta deal, then we have a growth of 31%. And 
to answer your question on the enterprise piece, we are having a very high growth on the 
enterprise piece, which is non -AI, particularly driven by NVIDIA solutions. One example I 
shared during my speech about  the NVIDIA DGX Spark and so on and so forth. So there, of 
course, we are having a high growth and the market also is growing exponentially. And third, 
now the price is also very strong uptrend. All three are in our favour. 
Aejas: Understood team. Thanks and all the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sumukh from Korman Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sumukh: Hi, team, can you hear me?  
Rajesh Goenka: Yes.  
Sumukh: Sir, my question is on the partnership with the ST Finserv. So how does this impact your working 
capital days going forward? And what percentage of your revenue would be coming under this 
supply deal? And who will be bearing the credit risk on this? 
Himanshu Shah: So ST Finserv is a channel finance program which we have onboarded and it is a normal term 
finance program without any recourse to us. It is basically to enable the channel partner fraternity 
to have capacities to buy more without affecting the credit risk. 
Sumukh: Okay. So this should actually bring down your working capital, right, because my guess is  this 
is borne by you currently? 
Himanshu Shah: No. The cost -- if we draw the money early, then only it is borne by us, which we normally don't 
do. And it is -- the credit cost or the funding cost is borne by channel partners. So it has no 
recourse, no cost to us, no impact to us and no cost to us. 
Sumukh: Okay. And on the semiconductor business, sir, who are your predominant customers so far on 
this line? 
Rajesh Goenka: All the large manufacturers in the automobile space, robotics space, IoT space, they are all our 
customers. 
Sumukh: Sir, any exposure to hyperscaler? 
===== PDF page 12 =====
 Rashi Peripherals Limited 
  May 15, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Rajesh Goenka: Hyperscaler is more not on the embedded side, semiconductor side, but that is more on the server 
storage side? 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Nishita from Sapphire Capital Partners. 
Nishita: Sir, am I audible? 
Moderator: Yes. 
Nishita: I just had a question on your project business. So you mentioned that if we would have excluded 
the FY '25 large deals that we did in project, so our growth would have been 31%. So how much, 
if you can -- like how much revenue did we did in FY '26 from the  project business, if you can 
say? And how is that going to grow going forward? How much revenue do we see from projects 
in FY '27? 
Rajesh Goenka: So just a clarification. You have misunderstood. When I said 131%, that is only in our 
semiconductor business. As far as project business is concerned, in '24-'25, we did INR 2,000 
crores of project business. However, consciously in '25-'26, we did not do any substantial project 
business. But in '26-'27 plan, yes, we have plans to get into project business subject to viability 
and ROI. 
Nishita: Okay. And on margin front, do we get better margins in budget? 
Rajesh Goenka: Definitely, no. And that is why I said that subject to ROI and feasibility, we will try to win some 
project orders. That's the last word I added. That's the reason. 
Moderator: Next follow-up question is from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter Cyclical. 
Madhur Rathi: Sir, I wanted to understand on the hyperscaler business. Sir, are there any plans to sell that server 
storage? That's what Redington does because it seems that, that is a very big business and these 
hyperscalers like generally don't take a lot of distributors, so two or three distributors at nature. 
So is there any plan to get into that business? Or how should I look at that? 
Rajesh Goenka: So as I said, Madhur, earlier that '24 -'25, we did the largest order ourselves. And Rashi 
Peripherals is uniquely placed and has the expertise of doing presales, sales, execution, 
installation and post-installation support also. So therefore, we have the core strength to cater to 
these hyperscalers. 
But at the same time, yes, in the year '25-'26, we have not picked up any substantial order because 
non-project, our business was already growing at 31% on a Y -o-Y basis. And especially if you 
see Q3 and Q4, our business grew by 42% and 51%, mainly. So our focus, attention, our capital 
was more deployed there. So I want to reclarify, that we are very much capable. We have the 
experience to do this kind of business and we are looking for opportunities in the coming year. 
Madhur Rathi: Right. And sir, you also created one semiconductor subsidiary. So if you could help us plan for 
that? 
===== PDF page 13 =====
 Rashi Peripherals Limited 
  May 15, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Kapal Pansari: So the semiconductor subsidiary is created to give a higher focus and more optimized operations 
in this category. So therefore, we created the subsidiary to transition from within the group 
company into the subsidiary so that partnerships, alliances, team structures and even customer 
acquisitions can be accelerated. 
Moderator: Next follow-up question is from the line of Vinay Menon from Monarch Capital. 
Vinay Menon: Just a couple of things. One is this AI Bootcamp, which you have mentioned. If you can give 
some color on that, what would it add to our business that would be helpful? 
Rajesh Goenka: Yes. So basically, these AI Bootcamps, we do along with our vendor, suppliers, all the big AI 
vendor suppliers I cannot just name in this forum. We invite developers. We invite CXOs. We 
give them the use case live experiences how they can use various products and solutions that we 
have to develop agentic AI solutions, how they can do rendering, all these training programs we 
do. And this indirectly then gets into a BOQ or inquiry state, which eventually gets into order. 
But it's more of seeding and training program, which has a very long lead cycle, usually 6 months 
to a year. 
Vinay Menon: Okay. And one thing for Himanshu sir. Like what could be -- like Q4 working capital, what was 
there? And what could be the time going ahead because of all these disruption in segments? Will 
we see any impact from that? 
Himanshu Shah: So the lead time and the delivery times have not affected too much because of the so -called 
disruption of shipments because our shipments are not routed to the affected routes. Secondly, 
working capital, there's a miniscule shift because of the change in d ebtors days to 4 days. 
Creditors and inventory days set off each other in terms of incremental working capital. 
Vinay Menon: Okay. So we can expect this rate for FY '27 as well or any improvement expected? 
Himanshu Shah: Yes, we can expect around same range. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of the Deepak Lalwani from Unifi Capital. 
Deepak Lalwani: Sir, I had a question on the future volume growth of the company. So today, we are benefiting 
from both price and volume. You said that people are stocking up in the fear of further price 
hikes. So I want to understand how sustainable -- what should be the sustainable volume growth 
for the company in FY '27? And the drivers for this volume growth, if you can explain how the 
secondary demand for your products are looking like, both in LIT and PES, if you can give a 
macro picture of how the demand is really shaping up on ground, that will really help? 
Kapal Pansari: Thanks, Deepak. Let me answer your query for the first part. For the secondary sales, I'll let 
Rajesh to answer. Please to see that currently, the industry is an upswing and super cycle of the 
adoption, price rise and availability. When these things are happening, there is a natural tendency 
to prepone the buying, build up inventory to sustain the price hikes so that there is an immediate 
and near-term advantage that we can take from these cycles. 
===== PDF page 14 =====
 Rashi Peripherals Limited 
  May 15, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
With AI applications growing, the demand for refresh towards AI PCs will also accelerate as the 
acceleration for the applications continues to grow. And in this scenario, we are also trying to 
increase the working capital of inventories.so that those oppor tunities can be expanded. While 
from a demand perspective, we do not see any softness at this point in time. 
While the predictions, obviously, the affordability will come into picture, but we do not see any 
demand slowing down in the current economics and the scheme of things that we operate upon. 
However, to answer you that in case, you should not only just go by what we are saying. In fact, 
you should look at companies like Intel, AMD, SK Hynix, Samsung, Micron, SanDisks of the 
world, Western Digital.  
Please study these companies, and you'll realize the demand cycle is only growing and there is 
no anticipation of softening of the prices as well. This has never happened in the history of any 
economic cycle or any distribution or IT hardware industry. And therefore, we say that is a super 
cycle and the most opportune time for the industry. At any given point in time, the softness, we 
are here to stay, and we'll be the first person to come and tell you about what is the industry 
cycle looks like. When it co mes to the secondary PC cycle and the demand at the Tier 2 level, 
I'll let Rajesh to answer that question. 
Rajesh Goenka: So Deepak, I just want to clarify once again that for -- which I've already said and I repeat, that 
Rashi Peripherals' dependency on one product, one brand is minuscule. So LIT business, 42% 
of our business comes from LIT. That business continues as in the  past. There is no major 
variation in the demand or there is no major impact even on the pricing.  
There is a regular -- so this 42% of our business is unaffected.  The remaining 58% business, 
which is PES, there, there is a major price increase impact that is coming in, and there could be 
a potential shortage in supply also which should come. But our guestimate says and IDC also 
says that on an entire year basis, unit-wise, the market size could degrow by 5% to 10%.  
So even if I assume that the market size of this 58% of the Rashi's revenue degrows by 10%, but 
the price itself will grow by about 20%, 25%. So net, we will continue to have 10% to 15% 
growth on an as -is where basis without any doing any change.  But as we continue our 
momentum, with our penetration in newer geographies, newer customers and increasing our 
market share, we will be able to maintain our momentum even in this PES category. 
And coming to your point on secondary demand of consumer and commercial, we think that 
commercial demand will continue to be strong because of our overall economic situation of the 
country. But in the consumer, there could be a softness in the H2 of this f inancial year because 
of the affordability.  
Today, a laptop a year back was easily available at INR 30,000, INR35,000. Today, you can't 
even get a laptop at INR50,000. But another 15%, 20% price rise in 6 months could make laptop 
to INR70,000, which could impact the affordability of the consumer.  So in H2, there could be 
some softness on the consumer demand. But that also can be offset.  
===== PDF page 15 =====
 Rashi Peripherals Limited 
  May 15, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
So I am very optimistic. We are already discussing with various vendors and suppliers to have 
longer EMI schemes. If the current EMI schemes are 6 months or 12 months, maybe we can 
have a 24 months and 36 months EMI interest-free schemes, which will trigger the demand. So 
while there is some softness could happen in H2, but otherwise, there is nothing much to worry 
about. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Dheeraj Kumar Reddy from AlphaSqr. 
Dheeraj Kumar Reddy: There are a couple of questions from my side. What is the aspiration in terms of PAT margins? 
I mean, I know already we have really expanded quite well in the last 1, 2 years. But because 
we are in a super cycle like you mentioned, in the next 2, 3 years, like how do you see the PAT 
margins expanding? And what is the aspiration of the management? 
Himanshu Shah: So distribution industry has got very finely defined margins and we continue to operate in that. 
So around the range of 1.5 to 1.75 is the range applicable to this industry. Unless the product 
mix or the customer mix changes, to a greater extent, we can expect some shift. Otherwise, this 
is the range which we generally advise. 
Rajesh Goenka: And I would just quickly like to add that if this is a super cycle, then we think that this super 
cycle will continue for another year or 2. And we are very bullish and optimistic on this. 
Dheeraj Kumar Reddy: Got it. Sir, also on the data center deals which you just mentioned, which the company will start 
to pick up, what is the typical margin structure, like if you can reiterate? And how do you see -- 
what is the kind of potential probably in the next 1 to 2 years, probably in the next 2 to 3 years, 
if you want to take a medium-term view? Like what is the extent of revenues Rashi can probably 
take up? 
Rajesh Goenka: So margins, I cannot say this because, at the end of the day, it is an ROI, what are the commercial 
terms, what is the margin, what is the delivery terms, and it varies from project to project. But 
all I can share from India perspective, that as we speak currently, there are funnels doing more 
than INR20,000 crores. Funnels are there.  
Funnels does not always mean that they will get converted into orders and that does not always 
mean that everything will come to Rashi Peripherals. But that's the funnel that is building up. 
And this funnel will only be increasing in the next 2 years further as AI adoption increases more. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Vaibhav Gupta from Bowhead Investment Advisors. 
Vaibhav Gupta: Congrats on a great set of numbers. Sir, I just wanted to understand, with the current price hike 
environment, what is the impact on margins? Is there any negative impact? Or are they more or 
less intact? 
Himanshu Shah: See, margins are intact with the price rise. And in fact, the overall profiling has a little bit better 
only and which is evidenced of the numbers delivered and declared. As far as expectations from 
price hikes, on the margin front, as I mentioned, the dis tribution industry has got very finely 
===== PDF page 16 =====
 Rashi Peripherals Limited 
  May 15, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
defined margins, and we continue to improve it with the operating leverages and volumes, which 
we again announced. 
Rajesh Goenka: So what Himanshu is trying to say is that Rashi Peripherals earns as a percentage of margin. So 
when the price hike happens, on the percentage basis, absolute value also grows. While on the 
selling side, the value does not go to that extent. Our fixed cost s and our people and operating 
cost remains the same. So we have an operating leverage advantage. 
Vaibhav Gupta: Understood, sir. And when we see gross margins of Q4 '25 versus Q4 '26, how should we see 
it? Like there is a slight deterioration in margin, gross margin? 
Himanshu Shah: It's not deterioration. We have some slow -moving inventory, I would say. We have taken 
additional charge on that and brought down the value of the slow-moving inventory as a prudent 
accounting practices. 
Vaibhav Gupta: Understood, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Karan Kamdar from Choice Equity Broking. 
Karan Kamdar: Sir, I understand you have a very large distribution network and I believe it's one of the largest 
ones in this space. So could you help me understand how the distribution network is our 
business? And what kind of benefits and do we extend to our channel partners and branch 
managers? 
Rajesh Goenka: Can we take this question off -line? This is overall business cycle discussion, which needs 15 
minutes. So if you don't mind, can we take it offline? 
Karan Kamdar: Sure, sure. No problem. 
Rajesh Goenka: And I would also suggest you to go through our investor presentation. There is a dedicated slide 
on our distribution structure of GT, MT, LFR and online. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. As there are no further questions, I'll now hand the conference over to 
the management for closing comments. 
Kapal Pansari: Yes. Thank you, Karan. To our shareholders, thank you for your continued trust. To our 82 brand 
partners, thank you for choosing Rashi Peripherals as a distribution partner in India. To our 
10,000-plus customers and partners across 700 towns of India, you are why this business exists. 
And to our family of 1,500-plus colleagues, every number that we're reporting today is a result 
of your work. Thank you so much, and looking forward to FY '26-'27 with all of you. 
Rajesh Goenka: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. On behalf of Choice Equity Broking Private Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 