===== PDF page 1 =====
 
 
Rashi Peripherals Limited 
Regd. Office: Ariisto House, 5th Floor, Corner of Telli Galli, Andheri (East), Mumbai, Maharashtra – 400069, India 
• Tel: +91-22-6177 1771 | Fax +91-22-61771999 • www.rptechindia.com • investors@rptechindia.com | CIN: L30007MH1989PLC051039 
 
November 14, 2025         
To,  
Listing Operation Department  
BSE Limited  
P .J. Towers, Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400001  
 
Scrip Code: 544119 
 
Listing Compliance Department 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E) Mumbai – 400051  
 
Symbol: RPTECH 
  
Sub.: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on Monday, November 10, 2025 
 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am,     
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 as amended from time to time, we submit herewith 
the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on Monday, November 10, 2025 at 10:00 a.m. 
(IST) for the Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results for the quarter and half 
year ended September 30, 2025. 
 
The same will also be made available on the website of the Company at 
www.rptechindia.com/investor.  
You are requested to kindly take the same on record. 
 
FOR RASHI PERIPHERALS LIMITED 
 
 
 
KRISHNA KUMAR CHOUDHARY 
Chairman & Whole-Time Director 
DIN: 00215919 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
 
===== PDF page 2 =====
Rashi Peripherals Limited 
Q2 and H1 FY’26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 10, 2025 
Moderator: 
Kapal Pansari: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 and H1 FY’26 
Conference Call of Rashi Peripherals Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
Before we begin, please note that this conference call may contain forward- 
looking statements about the company which are based on the beliefs, 
opinions, and expectations of the company as on date of this call. These 
statements are not the guarantee of future performance and involve risks and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
On the call today, we have Mr. Kapal Pansari — Managing Director, Mr. Rajesh 
Goenka — Chief Executive Officer, and Mr. Himanshu Shah — Chief Financial 
Officer. 
The Management will take us through the “Operational and Financial” 
performance for the quarter gone by, following which we will open the forum 
for Q&A. 
I now hand the conference over to Kapal Pansari. Thank you and over to you, 
sir. 
Good morning, everyone. We welcome you to the second quarter earnings 
call. Hope you have had the chance to go through our results, press release, 
and investor presentation which are available on the exchange and our 
website. 
Page 1 of 22
===== PDF page 3 =====
As we navigate the digital frontier, the global PC market is roaring back to life, 
with Q2 2025 shipments surging 8% to 10% year over year propelled by 
inexorable Windows 10 sunset and easing tariff headwinds. In India, this 
renaissance is even more electric. Quarter 2 shipments climbed 6% to 3.6 
million units, with notebooks fueled by enterprise Al adoption and Windows 
11 refreshes, leading an 8% charge. Government initiatives such as Digital 
India and Make in India are accelerating domestic hardware manufacturing 
and digital adoption across education, governance, healthcare, and 
enterprise sectors. The Indian IT hardware market continues to grow at 10% 
to 12% annually, driven by rising laptop penetration, smart city projects, and 
expanding data center infrastructure. For our ICT distribution networks, this 
signals an era of premium hardware demand and genuine solutions. We are 
poised to capture this momentum, delivering scalable solutions that 
empower India's creators and gamers. The future is not just computing, it is 
computing smarter. As a leading value-added distribution, PC components, 
and embedded devices, Rashi Peripherals is playing a pivotal role in this 
transformation, bridging global innovation with India's rapidly evolving digital 
ecosystem. By empowering OEMs, channel partners, and enterprises with 
integrated, energy-efficient, and Al-ready solutions, we remain committed to 
strengthening the backbone of India's connected future. In order to 
strengthen our nationwide coverage and serve customers' demand 
seamlessly, we have expanded our distribution network with commencement 
of two new branches in Maharashtra. We are also delighted to announce our 
ESOP program for our employees, fostering a culture of ownership and 
rewarding our talented team for driving our shared success. This initiative 
strengthens our bond and propels future growth. 
Before inviting Mr. Rajesh Goenka to speak, | am pleased to share that Rashi 
Peripherals has been recognized by two prestigious awards, NCN's Best 
National Level Value-Added Distributor of 2025, and Digital Terminal's Most 
Trusted National Distributor of ICT Solutions in India. 
With that, | now hand over to our CEO — Mr. Rajesh Goenka, to share further 
updates about the company. 
Page 2 of 22
===== PDF page 4 =====
Rajesh Goenka: Thank you, Kapal Pansari ji. | extend a warm welcome to all stakeholders on 
today's call as we discuss our business and operational highlights for the 
quarter and the half year. 
Let me begin by sharing some of the key highlights of Q2 FY’26: 
We continue to strengthen our position in the market with new brand 
alliances, welcoming Dell Commercial Technologies business and an Indian 
startup named Teachmint Technologies to our portfolio. Our PC business 
maintained strong momentum, growing at 2x the market rate, reflecting our 
consistent execution and customer focus and expansion. We also had a very 
active industry presence participating in the prestigious Electronica 
Embedded Exhibition in Bangalore, which provided a great platform to 
showcase our embedded products and solutions and engage with potential 
OEMs and customers. 
Another proud achievement was the successful completion of India's longest- 
running Channel Roadshow, covering 50 cities, engaging 4,000-plus small 
partners, featuring 300-plus product demonstrations from leading brands. 
We further expanded our server and storage portfolio, reinforcing our 
commitment to offering comprehensive ICT solutions to our partners across 
the length and breadth of the country. Our evolution is marked by an 
aggressive expansion beyond conventional hardware into the future-ready 
categories like Al-enabled services, embedded and semiconductor solutions, 
and comprehensive enterprise and cloud solutions. We are leveraging our 
robust tech-driven infrastructure, primarily driven on SAP HANA and SAP CRM 
systems, to optimize our supply chain, ensuring we move with the market 
velocity. We have consciously invested in strengthening our presence, 
particularly in tier-3 and tier-4 cities. Our diversified portfolios split across PES 
and LIT segments make us resilient and position us to capitalize on India's 
digital transformation journey. Furthermore, our increasing penetration into 
Al solutions is delivering meaningful results, reinforcing our leadership in this 
transformative domain. Lastly, we are accelerating the growth of our 
embedded-slash-semiconductor vertical. We remain focused on leveraging 
Page 3 of 22
===== PDF page 5 =====
Himanshu Shah: 
our extensive distribution network, which now caters to more than 10,000- 
plus customers in 700-plus towns and cities of India, to ensure sustained value 
creation for our stakeholders. 
To provide further details on our financials for this quarter, | hand over the 
call to our CFO, Mr. Himanshu Shah. 
Thank you, Rajesh, and a very warm welcome and good morning to all of you, 
all the investors present on the call. | am delighted to take you through the 
consolidated financial highlights, especially the cashflow-positive financial 
highlights for quarter 2 and H1 FY’26. 
During quarter 2 FY’26, revenues stood at 41,554 million, up by 12.1% Y-O-Y, 
and other than project deals it was up by 20% Y-O-Y. EBITDA came in at 1,081 
million, an increase of 3.5% Y-O-Y, with an EBITDA margin of 2.6%. PAT for the 
quarter was 592.2 million, translating into a PAT margin of 1.4%. Adjusted 
PAT, excluding the extra ordinary items, stood at 664 million, with an increase 
of 7.4% Y-O-Y. 
Talking about H1 FY’26, for the first half of FY’26, revenue was at 73,076.5 
million, 8.3% decline on Y-O-Y. However, with the large project deals which 
we executed last year, excluding those, we are 16% up on our run rate 
business. EBITDA grew by 12.6% Y-O-Y, up to 2,195.5 million, with an EBITDA 
margin of 3%. PAT stood at 1,209.2 million, down 3.2% Y-O-Y, with a PAT 
margin of 1.7%. However, adjusted PAT, excluding extraordinary items, was 
at 1,281 million, with an increase of 9.7% Y-O-Y. ROE is at 13.33%, ROC is at 
15.06% on annualized basis for the H1 FY’26. Working capital days were at 61 
days for H1 FY’26. Trade receivables, trade payables, and inventory stood at 
46, 44, and 59 days respectively. During the corresponding period last year 
EBITDA and PAT were inclusive of certain one-off items. Excluding these 
items, the normalized growth in the current period reflects a strong 
improvement in underlying business performance, supported by steady 
demand and operating efficiency. This provides a more accurate view of our 
year-on-year profitability trajectory. And of course, we have been able to 
Page 4 of 22
===== PDF page 6 =====
Moderator: 
Nigel Mascarenhas: 
Himanshu Shah: 
Nigel Mascarenhas: 
Himanshu Shah: 
Nigel Mascarenhas 
manage our working capital components well, resulting in a positive cash 
flow. 
Looking at the business mix on a trailing 12-month basis, our PES segment 
contributed 57% of the revenue, while LIT accounted for 43%. Region-wise, 
61% of the revenue came from metro cities and rest from non-metro 
geographies. The ESOP rollout during the quarter has led to a modest non- 
cash expense, slightly diluting EPS in the quarter by under 1%. This balanced 
approach prioritizes talent retention while maintaining our robust financial 
trajectory. 
With this update, | would now like to open the forum for questions and 
answers. Thank you. 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question and answer 
session. The first question is in the line of Nigel Mascarenhas from Leo Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Good morning, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. A couple of questions from my 
end. Firstly, can you please elaborate on the extent of the ESOP cost booked 
in this quarter versus last year and versus the previous quarter? And what is 
the likely future run rate? 
So, the ESOP expense last year was nil because this has been rolled out. The 
grant has been given in this quarter. And the accounting treatment of the 
provisioning of ESOP cost has been done as per Ind-AS wherein this quarter 
has involved a provisioning of 72.17 million. 
Got it. And what is the likely future run rate as well? 
So, for up to three years, like for the next four quarters, it will be almost in 
the same range. 
Okay. About 72 million for the next four quarters. Got it. And lastly, what is 
your growth outlook and margins for the company going ahead? 
Page 5 of 22
===== PDF page 7 =====
Rajesh Goenka: 
Nigel Mascarenhas: 
Himanshu Shah: 
Nigel Mascarenhas: 
Moderator: 
Madhur Rathi: 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Yes. So, as far as the growth is concerned, if you see, exclude the last year, 
the big project deal. Otherwise, we are growing at a healthy rate of 16%. And 
particularly, when you compare Q2 to Q2, then our growth is around 20%. So, 
while we cannot exactly predict, but we have been always maintaining since 
last few years that our CAGR has been 20% for last 20 years. And our 
aspiration is always to meet or be near there. 
Got it. And margin wise? 
So, margin wise, as | mentioned in my highlights also, that H1 results gives a 
picture of our margin trajectory, which we have been able to deliver in the 
long run also. 
Got it. Thank you, sir. Thank you for answering my question. 
Thank you very much. The next question is in the line of Madhur Rathi from 
Counter Cyclical Investments. Please go ahead. 
Sir, thank you for the opportunity. Sir, | wanted to understand regarding our 
revenue growth, sir. One of our competitors, Sir, Redington, they consider the 
large deal as a part of their business. But, sir, when we consider a large deal 
on a consolidated basis, our revenue has grown by like 12%, 13% for this 
quarter versus our largest peer has grown 16%. So, what is the reason why 
we are not taking any large deals? Is it based on margin? And, sir, if you could 
just help us understand on that. 
So, last year, large deal that we got in quarter 1 and part of it in quarter 2, if 
you recollect, it was close to almost Rs. 1800 crores. So, that we always take 
it separately because these large deals, there are multiple macro factors of 
getting those businesses or no. So, therefore, for sake of discussion, we 
always keep it aside and then discuss so. However, going and second is what 
we also want to do. These large deals execution should be complete. Our 
payment cycle, all our obligations also should be complete before we get into 
another large project. So, | am happy to share with you that all these orders 
have been very successfully executed and all our obligations are completed. 
Page 6 of 22
===== PDF page 8 =====
Madhur Rathi: 
Himanshu Shah: 
Madhur Rathi: 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Madhur Rathi: 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Moderator: 
Kunal Mehta: 
So, now onwards, obviously, we are open for large projects once again and 
we have some very strong funnel for Q3 and Q4 and hopefully, we will win 
some large projects once again. 
Got it. Sir, on a net margin front, we have been constantly delivering more 
than our guided of 1.3% to 1.5%. So, can we expect our net margins to be of 
1.5% whether or not we get large deals and our revenue to grow at double 
digit, excluding the large deals as well? 
So, on the margin front, as you rightly mentioned, we have been constantly 
delivering more and the company continuously strives for optimizing its 
operational efficiencies and with the dynamics of the customer mix, product 
mix and the margins flowing from GP to Working Capital discipline, it is a mix 
of all those factors. So, that is why 1.5% is a safer PAT margin which can be 
considered for long run. 
Got it. And final question, sir, if you could just help us understand on the 
software division, how is that scaling up and what kind of margin profiles are 
we currently operating at and where do we see it scaling over the next two to 
three years? 
So, at this moment, it is very small like a small startup. We are still at the 
design board. So, It is too premature to speak in detail about it. 
Sir, okay. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Thank you. 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Kunal Mehta from 
Sunidhi Securities. Please go ahead. 
Hi, sir. Very good morning. So, you just mentioned that you are also now ready 
to take up large projects and | think the last project that we took from Yotta 
was at a lower margin. So, going ahead, will we be compromising on margins 
for larger projects or we will be maintaining our gross margin of 5% and 
EBITDA margin of about 2.5% to 3%? 
Page 7 of 22
===== PDF page 9 =====
Rajesh Goenka: 
Kunal Mehta: 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Kunal Mehta: 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Himanshu Shah: 
Kunal Mehta: 
Himanshu Shah: 
Yes, the answer is very simple. We obviously had good learnings of the past 
deal and we had some challenges as well. So, with those learnings, we will 
have to tread a little bit carefully. So, | would say that we would take probably 
a middle path and focus is going to be primarily on ROCE. 
Okay. And, sir, taking larger projects, does it maybe deviate the usual business 
that we have because last year, | think, because of the larger project, has it 
been that a lot of bandwidth has been gone towards that or it does not affect 
the usual? 
Not really. It is the exposure. It is the ROCE. From bandwidth perspective, | 
think we have enough bandwidth to manage the run rate, BAU business and 
the project business both simultaneously. 
Okay. And, sir, | think this quarter, the e-commerce channel percentage is 
about 17%. Is it higher than usual? Is this something that we are a channel 
that you are focusing to grow more on? 
Yes. So, as | have been always explaining that there is always a fight between 
the September quarter and March quarter. September quarter is a consumer 
quarter. September quarter is an e-commerce quarter and March is a 
commercial quarter. It is an enterprise quarter. So, therefore, this quarter e- 
commerce is high. But as we progress in Q3 and Q4, our GT business, regular 
business will come up again. You know, Diwali time, all the big festivals, BBD, 
all these festivals are there. So, therefore, it is an every year scenario 
depending on when the Diwaliis there and when these festivals are there. So, 
it is repetitive in nature on account of festivals. 
Itis in line with the seasonality applicable to the business. 
Okay. And, sir, what is the average lease term on our warehouses and 
branches? Is it five years? 
So, these are long-term leases only. Most of them are long-term leases from 
three to five years, of course. And when we do capacity expansion, definitely, 
we then look for, you know, renewing for some other property. 
Page 8 of 22
===== PDF page 10 =====
Kunal Mehta: 
Himanshu Shah: 
Kunal Mehta: 
Himanshu Shah: 
Kunal Mehta: 
Moderator: 
Vinay: 
Himanshu Shah: 
Vinay: 
Himanshu Shah: 
Vinay: 
Himanshu Shah: 
Because | think we just renewed the lease in this quarter or this half year. 
Yes. So, these are long-term leases. 
Okay. So, can we assume it is like a five year lease? 
Yes. 
Okay. Thank you, sir. 
Thank you very much. The next question is in the line of Vinay from Monarch 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Hi, sir. Congratulations on a good set of results. Two questions from my side, 
sir. One on this ESOP cost. You mentioned 72 million you booked for this 
quarter. And this is a three-year program. Any target with mind in terms of 
how these ESOPs will be given? And, you know, like, what could be the yearly 
run rate on this? 
The yearly run rate will be around 200 million for two years. And very small 
piece getting spill to third year. 
Okay. Any revenue target, any target on which this will be given? Or is it just 
on the tenure getting over? 
So, it is more of tenure for the employees who have spent, you know, more 
than five years in the organization. And that is clearly spelled out in our ESOP 
policy, which is also available in the public forums. 
Okay. Great. That helps. And there was a sharp jump in inventory this quarter. 
Any reason for that? 
Inventory days are in the range of like 59 days only, which is not a jump, which 
is normal, you know, days applicable to the industry and this seasonality 
applicable to the business. 
Page 9 of 22
===== PDF page 11 =====
Vinay: 
Himanshu Shah: 
Vinay: 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Vinay: 
Moderator: 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Moderator: 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Okay. And our cash flow turned positive, this is a great thing for us. Is this 
sustainable, sir? And anything which we have done for this to kind of turn 
around so quickly forus? 
So, we feel that, you know, if you manage your working capital components 
well and be sensitized about the movements in that and keep a close track of 
it, I think we will be able to maintain it. To what extent is the range depends 
upon, you know, as certain external factors are also affecting the working 
capital components. It all depends on that. 
Okay. And one last thing is this new partnership with Dell, what kind of 
revenue potential can we expect from it and when can we start seeing 
revenue from that? 
Yes, thank you for asking this question. So, Dell commercial business is already 
kick-started and in July, August, September quarter also, we booked a very 
small token revenue. This Q3, we are expecting substantial revenue in this 
and going forward also. Just to give you a ballpark figure, Dell commercial 
business, they do to the best of my estimate about $3 billion in India. So, 
theoretically, that plus growth is the opportunity for Rashi Peripherals. 
Okay. That helps, sir. | will just get back in the queue. 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Aejas Lakhani from 
Unifi AMC. Please go ahead. 
Hello. Yes. Am | audible? 
Yes, sir. Yes. 
Hi, team. So, sir, a couple of questions. One, the first one is that the 
competitive intensity is materially increasing both from listed as well as 
unlisted peers. So, your thoughts on how it is shaping up? 
Yes. So, with the globalization, more information, the competition definitely 
with the peers are definitely increasing. But then, because of our inherent 
Page 10 of 22
===== PDF page 12 =====
Aejas Lakhani: 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Rajesh Goenka: 
strength of widest product portfolio and the physical presence in 52 cities of 
India, which we have further expanded to Nanded and Baramati. So, now we 
have 54 locations. So, plus our prudent working right from the management 
level, all three is helping us to maintain our consistent growth to H1 to H1. It 
was excluding the big deal It was 16%. And Q2 to Q2, it is 20%. 
Noted, sir. But, sir, can you, | mean, if you look at companies like Cinex or 
even, Savex, etcetera, the competitive intensity with which they are 
participating is on the higher side. Are you seeing that not in your pockets of 
investments or in your pockets of products? Or is it happening more on the 
enterprise side? If you could textualize that answer a little bit. 
| think it is happening everywhere. But again, as | said, because of our larger 
basket of products, larger locations, we are able to mitigate and maintain our 
growth trajectory. 
Understood. Okay. So, the second question is that, can you just quantify how 
large is our enterprise segment now become and how is that scale-up taking 
place? 
So, our enterprise business was about Rs. 1000 crores last year. And, of 
course, we are having the highest growth in that segment. But again, | just 
qualify excluding that one big deal. 
Understood. And what is the run rate of that business now that you are 
seeing? 
In the excess of 30% to 50% growth on a Y-O-Y basis. 
Understood. And sir, what kind of deals are you participating in the enterprise 
business? Are these more larger deals that because of our network, we are 
not able to participate in? Could you just call out some more color on the 
same? 
So, our focus regular as a DNA-wise, our focus is more on SMB kind of deals, 
especially companies which have employees of 100 to 1000 to 1500 
Page 11 of 22
===== PDF page 13 =====
Aejas Lakhani: 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Rajesh Goenka: 
employees. However, selectively, we go for larger project deals also. Like last 
year, we executed three similar projects. This year, so far, we have not 
executed any. But we have a very strong pipeline in Q3 and Q4. And | am sure 
we will win and execute some large projects in these two quarters. 
Understood. And so, since we have been a first mover in the data centers 
business, can you just call out how is that segment? Are there any tailwinds 
that you are seeing that you can incrementally participate in? 
Yes. So, data center, | think a ot of work is going on. But there are some capital 
constraints in this industry, which is now getting eased. So, we will see next 
two quarters and subsequent years, a lot of data centers coming up. And 
Rashi, and thank you for highlighting that being the pioneer in this, because 
of that large deal, we are very strongly well placed with our experience plus 
our distribution rights or brand alignment that we have with the global 
vendors. 
Understood. So, sir, is it fair to say that while the tailwinds of data center deals 
are incrementally there, because of capital constraints, the conversation just 
said a second ago, you are being far more selective and careful in your 
evaluation of what you are interested to participate in. Is that understanding 
correct? 
Absolutely. And our CFO is also a little bit adamant on ROCEs. 
Understood. Okay. So, the next question is that, you know, you have had a 
certain set of product cohorts like the embedded and the large display format, 
etcetera, which you alluded to in the past, have a slightly better gross margin 
mix. So, could you just speak about what is the portfolio as a percentage of 
sales, which has a slightly better gross margin mix? How is that growing versus 
the company growth rate and can that help hold or improve the gross margin 
over this and the next year? 
Yes. So, our embedded slash semiconductor business is doing extremely good. 
And as | mentioned earlier, we participated in the largest exhibition of India, 
Page 12 of 22
===== PDF page 14 =====
Aejas Lakhani: 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Moderator: 
Bhavin Chheda: 
which was Electronica. We were the leading exhibitors there. We could 
display a lot of our solutions and we can see good business also emerging 
from it. So, run rate, | think the growth is good. However, at this moment, in 
the overall revenue, the percentage is still small and it will take two to three 
years to really make a very significant difference in the overall scheme of 
things. 
Understood. And sir, could you just share what exactly and how are you 
participating in the software market? 
As | said, this is at the drawing board only at this moment. So, it is too early to 
mention anything about it. 
Understood. But it will be more, again, distribution of the software products, 
right? Is that a fair understanding? 
Right now, we are on the drawing board. 
Understood. All right, sir. Thanks so much and all the best. 
Thank you. 
Thank you very much. The next question is in the line of Bhavin Chheda from 
Enam Holdings. Please go ahead. 
Yes, congratulations to the management team for the strong growth. Just 
two, three questions. Sir, one on the Dell commercial business. You said you 
booked some revenues in quarter two and expect a strong momentum with 
Dell commercial business having $3 billion in India. So, can you just guide us 
how many suppliers would be there who would be doing this Dell commercial 
business and what kind of market share we would be targeting over the next 
few years in this? And prior to quarter two, we did not have any kind of Dell 
commercial business. It is the first time that we are booking revenues in this 
segment. 
Page 13 of 22
===== PDF page 15 =====
Rajesh Goenka: 
Bhavin Chheda: 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Bhavin Chheda: 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Bhavin Chheda: 
Himanshu Shah: 
Bhavin Chheda: 
Himanshu Shah: 
Bhavin Chheda: 
Yes. So, first, | will start answering in reverse . So, yes, Dell commercial 
business, we started with zero previous quarter and we booked some very 
small revenue. However, going from this quarter, we have built a separate 
team and our funnel is also very strong. So, we expect a substantial execution, 
not only just order booking, within this Q3 and of course, accelerated growth 
in Q4. 
And depending on, there would be how many distributors who would be 
doing this business? 
Four. 
There are four distributors in India who are distributing? 
Yes. 
Okay. Second, we see a debt reduction. | think congrats to Himanshu and the 
team to reduce the debt and bring working capital back under control. So, if | 
see, | think previous quarter, we had some Rs. 280 crores Yotta receivable for 
the last year, one big large deal. So, the entire amount has been received and 
still some receivable spending on that side. 
So, happy to inform you that the entire amount has been received against 
that. Yes, it got delayed, but at the quarter itself, we had collected all the 
amount 
So, this quarter closing balance sheet now reflects a normal working capital 
related to our business? 
So, these collections of large debtors has helped maintaining our working 
capital cycle also and the cash flow, resultant is the positive cash flow. 
And as we are obviously seeing a strong growth across most of the 
distribution companies, partly because of windows 10 transition. So, what 
kind of trends you saw in the festive season and how long this process will 
continue and will it be a one-off effect and the growth will taper down after 
Page 14 of 22
===== PDF page 16 =====
Kapal Pansari: 
Bhavin Chheda: 
the transition has happened on the corporate side and all that? What is your 
outlook on windows 10 transition? 
Yes. So, first of all, what | have in my initial speech while opening, | mentioned 
that overall globally, as well as in India, there has been a robust uptake in the 
PC shipments fueled by Al-based laptops and the windows refresh. With more 
and more Al work process flows, applications that are coming in, these 
laptops are becoming far more smarter and productive. So, the trend, one of 
the trends that we saw during these festive period was the premiumization 
of laptops. Instead of the entry level, there was a significant demand and 
interest from the customers for mid and higher end segments. Gaming 
segments continue to be strong and growing, followed by the windows 
refresh cycle. | think these were the key trends of PC drive that has happened 
in the country. Whether these are one-off or whether these will continue, | 
think this is just a start of the transformation for PC industry. More and more 
adoption will continue to happen because when the transformation happens 
or the technology upgrade happens, it is not possible for any organization, 
SMB or enterprise to refresh their entire infrastructure to these new devices. 
They have to use the PCs that were bought last year and the year before for 
another one or two years. When the refresh happens, it will happen to these 
more efficient and premium products going forward. The third information | 
would like to also highlight, while it is a public information about key 
components like memory, storage, computing chipsets, etcetera has started 
to face certain shortages in the market due to this high demand in the Al 
space, makers of the Al space. The data is increasing, the computing capacity 
need is increasing for devices. This is not going to be short term. It is going to 
last for a couple of quarters at least with the way we look at the trends in the 
market. Therefore, even the expectations on some increase in pricing will also 
happen. 
And Kapal is also the rupee depreciation partly helping out in overall increase 
in prices since lot of our components or the equipments are imported and 
then sold in India. So probably the rupee depreciation has helped in slightly 
higher turnover. 
Page 15 of 22
===== PDF page 17 =====
Kapal Pansari: 
Bhavin Chheda: 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Bhavin Chheda: 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Moderator: 
Kunal Mehta: 
Himanshu Shah: 
Yes, So rupee depreciation in the long term cannot be directly attributed to 
the growth. But if you look at the theoretically the economics, obviously when 
rupee was 85 to 88, 89, the prices will eventually catch up and there will be 
some appreciation. But there is no direct correlation in the amount of growth 
attributed due to rupee depreciation. 
Okay. And last one, can we figure out what was the volume growth if at all, if 
you are mentioning in the number terms on a unit basis in quarter toon a Y- 
0-Y basis, on units, on volume basis? 
Yes, so very good point actually. So our first internal benchmark is unit 
growth. Then we look at the average selling price growth and then we 
eventually come with the revenue growth and then the profitability. That is 
the sequence. So | am happy to share with you that the market in terms of 
unit wise has grown by about 8%. Our unit growth has been about 16%, 
16.5%, Q2 to Q2 and our revenue growth has been about 20%. So that is the 
map overall. Thank you. 
Thanks a lot Rajesh. Thank you and best of luck. 
Thank you. 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Kunal Mehta from 
Sunidhi Securities. Please go ahead. 
Yes sir, hi. Just two follow-up questions. One is on the debtors factoring. | 
think now that CFO Sir has got our rating up to AA- which is very 
commendable. Can we see that we start with debtors factoring which can 
help us improve our working capital days? 
Yes, you are right with the credit rating up. The products available are more 
and we are very cautious about the nitty-gritties of the factoring. And we 
started testing those things and reaching at a number which is most optimum 
to our kind of financials. Definitely we will see over a period of time. 
Page 16 of 22
===== PDF page 18 =====
Kunal Mehta: 
Himanshu Shah: 
Kunal Mehta: 
Himanshu Shah: 
Moderator: 
Vikrant Sahu: 
Himanshu Shah: 
Vikrant Sahu: 
Himanshu Shah: 
Vikrant Sahu: 
Okay. And Sir, on the forward-looking revenue guidance, apart from large 
projects, can we say that our core business can grow at 15% Y-O-Y? 
Comfortably? 
Yes. 
Okay. Thank you, Sir. 
Thank you. 
Thank you very much. The next question is in the line of Vikrant Sahu from RK 
Advisory. Please go ahead. 
Hello. 
Yes, Hi, good morning. 
Yes, very good morning. Thanks for the opportunity. Just | have a question like 
you have provided details about the inventory write-off and doubtful debt. 
Can you explain to me how these are important and where we stand in the 
industry? 
So, as far as inventory write-off is concerned, it is actually not write-off, but 
provision for ageing inventory which we do as a prudent accounting practice. 
However, the company has not faced any sizeable write-off in the past or 
material write-off in the past, you may say. As far as provision for doubtful 
debts is concerned, yes. what | can mention is ours is lowest in the industry 
and in the range of 0.01% to 0.02% and long run also like 10, 15 years horizon 
| am talking about. And we continue to keep those things because credit risk 
is the major risk which we have a mitigation product in our kitty in the form 
of credit insurance where we enjoy best of the terms from insurance 
companies also because of our performance on the doubtful debts. 
Okay. One more question | have about the new branches in Baramati and 
Nanded aligned with your overall expansion strategy in tier 2 and tier 3 
markets. How do we align that the new branches? 
Page 17 of 22
===== PDF page 19 =====
Rajesh Goenka: 
Vikrant Sahu: 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Vikrant Sahu: 
Moderator: 
Madhur Rathi: 
So, in our quest to reach to newer customers and newer towns and cities, we 
explore the viability of opening a branch operation. So, we identified five 
locations where there is a substantial business opportunity and to start with 
we have started in Nanded and Baramati and just to update all our investors, 
all our branch, our profit centers. So, we actively review the P&L of each 
branch individually. And as you know, Maharashtra as a state and particularly 
places like Baramati and Nanded as a town, they are expanding rapidly in IT 
consumption in the home segment and the business segment both is pretty 
high and that is the reason we have set up these two new locations in 
Maharashtra. 
Okay. And one more question | have, are there any plans to strengthen digital 
sales platform or adopt Al driven inventory management systems in future? 
So, Rashi peripherals was one of the first companies to implement SAP almost 
20 years back and then we have upgraded our system to SAP HANA. So, our 
entire ecosystem runs on SAP HANA. All our sales team, 400 plus sales people, 
they are on SAP CRM. So, they are all hands-on. Along with this, we have 
Power BI. So, | think we have the entire ecosystem which is digitized and we 
continuously keep on upgrading our technologies because we realize that one 
multi-location, second number of products, more than 4,000 products in our 
portfolio, it is a complex web. So, all the possible tools we use and we are 
improvising regularly by a core team of IT specialists. 
Okay. Thanks. Yes. 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Madhur Rathi from 
Counter Cyclical Investments. Please go ahead. 
Sir, thank you for the opportunity once again. Sir, | read somewhere that there 
are around three crore PCs in India that are still on Windows 10. So, 
conservatively, how much can we expect to be converted to Windows 11 over 
the next two to three years? And sir, what is the average selling price for this 
Al-led PC versus our current realization for PC, if you can help us understand? 
Page 18 of 22
===== PDF page 20 =====
Rajesh Goenka: 
Madhur Rathi: 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Madhur Rathi: 
Yes. So, see, Windows Refresh is going to be a continuous process. And in 
India we typically try to refresh when we get stuck. So, it is not going to be 
overnight. But what keeps me more excited is the overall digitization, the 
demand of notebooks, desktops, and all related accessories. And obviously, 
the overall economy of India is also doing well. So, all these three factors 
together is increasing the demand. And to further help to increase the 
revenue, the premiumization of the IT products and solutions, as Kapal 
mentioned, is helping us to drive little bit higher revenues. To answer your 
question, a normal PC today in India costs about, a notebook costs about Rs. 
40,000, whereas Al PC, on an average, it costs about 75,000 to 80,000 
onwards. But then, people who can afford and who have the budgets, they 
buy these Al PCs only, core ultra PCs only because today the Al consumption 
or usage may be only 20%. But in next one year, the way, the speed with which 
it is, the implementation and apps are being developed, the utilization next 
one year is going to be very high. And typically, when someone buys a laptop, 
in the commerecial space, they use for at least three years. In personal space, 
people use for more than four to five years. So, it is a wiser thing to buy a Al 
compatible PC than a regular PC. 
Got it. Sir, is it fair to assume that out of, so from what | read is like around six 
crore PCs are currently in India. So, is it fair to assume that the 50% that have 
been converted to Windows 11 have been the corporate customer and going 
forward the three crore whatever needs to be refreshed that will be a much 
slower cycle than what has happened or how should we look at it? 
Absolutely, only thing is this, three crore and two crore, | cannot quantify 
because that is very subjective. But yes, the Refresh has primarily started from 
the corporate sector because obviously, the support is not there. So, there 
are there are multiple issues of using those notebooks and desktops. 
Got it. Sir, this is the final question from my end. Sir, when we see the data 
centers, most of this business is either enterprise driven or project deals. And 
sir, we being exclusive NVIDIA distributor, how does this help when NVIDIA is 
bidding for these contracts, our competitors are bidding for these contracts, 
Page 19 of 22
===== PDF page 21 =====
Rajesh Goenka: 
Madhur Rathi: 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Madhur Rathi: 
Rajesh Goenka: 
and we are focusing only on deals that are margin accretive. So, how should 
we look at it when the opportunity is there but because our OEM is also 
competing in that and our competitors are also competing. So, how should 
we look at it from Rashi's perspective regarding how can we capture this 
opportunity and growth other than the NVIDIA, the gaming and your personal 
requirements? 
Yes. So, in the data segment right now, there is a lot of demand, tendering 
going on and we have a strong funnel and we are playing strong on that field. 
As | said earlier, we will look at the ROCE with our past good and some bad 
learnings also, which we want to correct. So, we are at a strong position and 
| can tell you very confidently that you will see good results in Q3 and Q4, 
both. 
Got it. Sir, just a final question. Sir, the NVIDIA, as we are one of the sole 
distributors for NVIDIA, sir, is it, so if | consider Rs. 100 to be the revenue of 
NVIDIA in India, sir, how much would be enterprise or corporate driven and 
how much would be the consumer or retail driven? And in retail, are we the 
only player present in this segment? 
So, first | just want to clarify, we are not the sole or exclusive distribution 
partner for NVIDIA. We are the oldest distribution partner for NVIDIA, one. 
Second, NVIDIA products and solutions are sold under the NVIDIA brand 
through the distribution, one. But the larger business is through the OEMs like 
ASUS, Dell, HP, Lenovo, Supermicro, all these companies. These companies 
buy GPUs from NVIDIA directly. They assemble, make the complete servers 
and solutions and then they provide to distributors like us. So, it is very 
difficult to really determine what will be the consumer versus commercial 
ratio of NVIDIA. 
Got it. Sir, thank you so much in all the best. 
Thank you. 
Page 20 of 22
===== PDF page 22 =====
Moderator: 
Amit Agicha: 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Amit Agicha: 
Himanshu Shah: 
Amit Agicha: 
Himanshu Shah: 
Amit Agicha: 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Thank you very much. The next question is in the line of Amit Agicha from HG 
Hawa. Please go ahead. 
Yes, good morning and thank you for the opportunity. | hope | am audible 
clearly. 
Yes, Amit. 
Yeah. So, the current debt equity ratio which is shown here is 0.49x. Like, what 
is the targeted comfort range and what are the company's plans to reduce 
the debt to improve the cash conversion? 
So, as the cash positive scenario continues, it will definitely reduce the debt 
burden on the balance sheet. As far as target debt is concerned, if the 
business warrants any additional capital or the fund infusion, | would say, 
capital inflow, definitely we have borrowing capacity in our kitty to utilize the 
debt and grab the opportunity provided the ROCs and ROEs justify those 
infusions. 
What is the current cost or blended cost of interest? 
Currently, it is in the range of 7.6% to 7.8%. So, very comfortable. 
And then the last question is like what are the top risk factors which you 
assume now like for the coming two quarters or for the coming year? 
I think no major risk factors per se because our economy is doing good. With 
the tariffs, our impact to India is minimal as such, if you really ask me. Dollar 
fluctuation, now we are getting used to dollar going up only. So, that also is 
settled. The only point | could highlight is globally there is a shortage of all the 
components, particularly CPU, memory, SSD, hard drive, all these 
components are in shortage primarily because of very high demand of data 
centers and capacity enhancements have not done. So, that could potentially 
impact the revenue but the feedback that we have from our vendor suppliers 
is that they will be able to maintain it. But since you ask this question, it could 
be a potential risk but unlikely. 
Page 21 of 22
===== PDF page 23 =====
Amit Agicha: 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Moderator: 
Kapal Pansari: 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. All the best for the future. 
Thank you. 
Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen. That was the last question. | 
would now like to hand the conference over to management for closing 
comments. 
Hi, thank you everyone for this wonderful round of questions and updates 
about Rashi Peripherals. As a part of closing remarks, | only want to mention 
that the future of Rashi Peripherals continues to be robust and foundation- 
led. We participated on the enterprise in a big way. We had some learnings 
and now we are ready for phase two of our participation in this journey. Our 
traditional and perennial run rate business continues to be extremely strong 
foundationally, growing at double digit plus growth. We only request all the 
participants and our investor community to continue to look for our 
performances and information that will prove to be a testimonial for our 
growth and ability to participate in this market. Thank you so very much and 
have a great day. 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Rashi Peripherals Limited, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines. Thank you. 
Page 22 of 22