
===== PDF PAGE 1 =====
 
 
 
 
 
Letter No.: PVL/021/2025-26 
Date: June 27, 2025 
 
To, 
Listing Compliance Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051  
NSE SYMBOL: PRIZOR 
ISIN: INE0V9N01017 
 
Sub: Submission of Annual Report for the Financial Year 2024-25 
 
Dear Sir/Mam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 34(1) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed herewith the Annual Report of Prizor Viztech Limited (the Company) for the 
Financial Year 2024-25. 
 
The aforesaid Annual Report has also been placed on the website of the Company at www.prizor.in. 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For, Prizor Viztech Limited 
 
 
 
Mitali Gauswami  
Managing Director 
DIN: 07712190 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
===== PDF PAGE 2 =====
ANNUAL
REPORT
8th
2024-2025
===== PDF PAGE 3 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
CORPORATE INFORMATION 
 
PRIZOR VIZTECH LIMITED  
CIN: L26401GJ2017PLC095719 
 
Board of Directors 
 
Name Designation 
Ms. Mitali Gauswami Chairman and Managing Director  
Mr. Dasharathbharthi Gauswami Executive Director 
Ms. Preety Priya Ghosh Non- Executive Independent Director 
Mr. Dahyalal Prajapati Non- Executive Independent Director 
Mr. Brahma Raval Non- Executive Independent Director 
 
 
Key Managerial Personnel 
 
Mr. Dasharathbharthi Gauswami Chief Financial Officer  
Ms. Hetaxi Umang Bhatt Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
  
 
Statutory Auditor Secretarial Auditor 
M. B. Jajodia & Associates  
Chartered Accountants (FRN: 0139647W) 
Address: 901, Aaryan Workspace-2, Nr. Navkar 
Public School, Gulbai Tekra Road, Ahmedabad-
06 
Tel No.: 079-40033502/8866457379 
E-mail:  info@mbjassociates.in 
M/s Insiya Nalawala & Associates 
Company Secretaries (COP No. 22786) 
Address: A/84, Pariseema Building, Near lal 
Bungalow, CG Road, Ahmedabad, Gujarat - 
380009 
Tel No.: +91-9724509467 
E-mail id: insiya@csinsiya.in   
 
Registrar & Share Transfer Agent Bankers to the company 
Bigshare Services Private Limited 
 
Office No S6-2, 6th floor Pinnacle Business 
Park, Next to Ahura Centre, Mahakali Caves 
Road, Andheri (East), Mumbai – 400093, 
Maharashtra, India. 
Tel No. +91-7045454390 
Email: harshada@bigshareonline.com 
Punjab National Bank 
 
Shastri Park Branch 
Ahmedabad  
 
Registered Office 
Office No. 514, Maple Trade Centre, Nr, Surdhara Circle, 
 Thaltej, Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India, 380054 
Tel No.: +91 78618 04737 
Email: investors@prizor.in; Website: www.prizor.in; 
 
  
===== PDF PAGE 4 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
 
COMMITTEES OF THE COMPANY 
 
1. AUDIT COMMITTEE COMPOSITION 
 
Name of the Director Designation Nature of Directorship 
Mr. Dahyalal Bansilal Prajapati Chairman Independent Director 
Mr. Brahma Ghosh Raval Member Independent Director 
Ms. Mitali Dasharathbharthi 
Gauswami 
Member Managing Director 
 
 
2. NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION COMMITTEE COMPOSITION 
 
Name of the Director Designation Nature of Directorship 
Mr. Brahma Ghosh Raval  Chairman Independent Director 
Mr. Dahyalal Bansilal Prajapati Member Independent Director 
Ms. Preety Priya Ghosh Member Independent Director 
 
3. STAKEHOLDERS RELATIONSHIP COMMITTEE COMPOSITION 
 
Name of the Director Designation Nature of Directorship 
Ms. Preety Priya Ghosh Chairman Independent Director 
Mr. Brahma Ghosh Raval Member Independent Director 
Ms. Mitali Dasharathbharthi 
Gauswami 
Member Managing Director 
 
*The composition of Board of Directors of the company, committee and KMP of the company are shown as on the 
date of this report. For the details of changes in board structure and committee structure please refer board report 
which forms part of this report. 
  
===== PDF PAGE 5 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
NOTICE OF 8TH ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 
 
To, 
The Members, 
Prizor Viztech Limited 
 
NOTICE is hereby given that 8th Annual General Meeting of the members of Prizor Viztech Limited will 
be held on Tuesday, 22nd July, 2025 at 02:00 P.M. IST through Video Conferencing (“VC”)/ Other Audio 
Visual Means (“OAVM”) to transact the following businesses: 
 
ORDINARY BUSINESS:  
 
1. TO CONSIDER AND APPROVE THE STANDALONE AND CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS AND THE REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND AUDITORS 
THEREON FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR 2024- 2025 
 
To receive, consider and adopt the Audited Financial Statements for the financial year ended 31st 
March, 2025 and the Reports of the Board of Directors and Auditors thereon and to consider and if 
thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s) the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:  
 
“RESOLVED THAT the Directors’ Report and the Audited Standalone and Consolidated Balance 
Sheet as on year ended 31st March, 2025, the Profit and Loss Accounts for the Year ended on 31st 
March, 2025 and cash flow statement for the Year ended on 31st March, 2025 along with the 
Standalone and Consolidated Auditor’s report (unmodified opinion) thereon are hereby considered, 
approved and adopted.” 
 
2. APPOINTMENT OF DIRECTOR IN THE PLACE OF RETIRING DIRECTOR 
 
To the extent that Mr. Dasharathbharthi Gopalbharthi Gauswami (DIN: 07712175) is required to retire 
by rotation, he would need to be reappointed as such. Therefore, shareholders are requested to consider 
and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an ordinary resolution:  
 
“RESOLVED THAT, pursuant to the provisions of Section 152 and other applicable provisions of 
the Companies Act, 2013, the approval of the members of the Company be and is hereby accorded for 
the reappointment of Mr. Gauswami Dasharathbharthi Gopalbharthi (DIN: 07712175) as such, to the 
extent that he is required to retire by rotation.” 
 
SPECIAL BUSINESS: 
 
3. TO APPROVE REVISION OF REMUNERATION OF MS. MITALI 
DASHARATHBHARTHI GAUSWAMI (DIN: 07712190) CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR [EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR] OF THE COMPANY 
 
===== PDF PAGE 6 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
To consider and if, thought fit, to pass with or without modification the following resolution as 
Special Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT Pursuant to the provisions of Section 197 read with Part I and Section I of Part 
II of Schedule V and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (including any 
statutory modification or re-enactment thereof), applicable clauses of the Articles of Association of 
the Company and recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, approval of 
members be and is hereby accorded for payment of revised remuneration to Ms. Mitali 
Dasharathbharthi Gauswami (DIN: 07712190) Chairman and Managing Director of the Company, on 
the terms and conditions including remuneration to be revised from Rs. 1,00,000/- (Rupees One Lakh 
only) per month (inclusive of salary, perquisites, benefits, incentives, and allowances) to upto Rs. 
2,50,000/- (Rupees Two Lakhs Fifty Thousand only) per month (inclusive of salary, perquisites, 
benefits, incentives, and allowances) for the period of three (3) years with effect from July 01, 2025 
and on such terms and conditions from time to time within Schedule V of Companies Act, 2013 and 
any other amendments thereto or enactment thereof.” 
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in the event of inadequacy of profits in any financial year during 
the tenure of Ms. Mitali Dasharathbharthi Gauswami (DIN: 07712190), Chairman and Managing 
Director of the Company, the above-mentioned remuneration paid to her, as minimum remuneration, 
subject to prescribed provisions under Section 197 read with schedule V of the Act and rules made 
thereunder and any other applicable provisions of the Act or any other statutory modifications or 
enactment thereunder.” 
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to this Resolution, the Board, be 
and is hereby authorized to do all such acts, deed, matters and things and execute all such documents, 
instruments and writing as may be required and to delegate all or any of its powers herein conferred 
to any Committee of Directors or Director(s) and to seek approvals and settle any questions, 
difficulties or doubts that may arise in this regard along with filing of necessary e-forms with the 
Registrar of Companies.” 
 
4. TO APPROVE REVISION OF REMUNERATION OF MR. DASHARATHBHARTHI 
GOPALBHARTHI GAUSWAMI (DIN: 07712175) WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR AND CFO 
[EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR] OF THE COMPANY 
 
To consider and if, thought fit, to pass with or without modification the following resolution as 
Special Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT Pursuant to the provisions of Section 197 read with Part I and Section I of Part 
II of Schedule V and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (including any 
statutory modification or re-enactment thereof), applicable clauses of the Articles of Association of 
the Company and recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, approval of 
members be and is hereby accorded for payment of revised remuneration to Mr. Dasharathbharthi 
Gopalbharthi Gauswami (DIN: 07712175) Whole-Time Director and CFO of the Company, on the 
===== PDF PAGE 7 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
terms and conditions including remuneration to be revised from Rs. 1,00,000/- (Rupees One Lakh 
only) per month (inclusive of salary, perquisites, benefits, incentives, and allowances) to upto Rs. 
2,50,000/- (Rupees Two Lakhs Fifty Thousand only) per month (inclusive of salary, perquisites, 
benefits, incentives, and allowances) for the period of three (3) years with effective from July 01, 
2025, and on such terms and condition from time to time within Schedule V of Companies Act, 2013 
and any other amendments thereto or enactment thereof. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in the event of inadequacy of profits in any financial year during 
the tenure of Mr. Dasharathbharthi Gopalbharthi Gauswami (DIN: 07712175) Whole-Time Director 
and CFO of the Company, the above-mentioned remuneration paid to him, as minimum remuneration, 
subject to prescribed provisions under Section 197 read with schedule V of the Act and rules made 
thereunder and any other applicable provisions of the Act or any other statutory modifications or 
enactment thereunder.” 
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to this Resolution, the Board, be 
and is hereby authorized to do all such acts, deed, matters and things and execute all such documents, 
instruments and writing as may be required and to delegate all or any of its powers herein conferred 
to any Committee of Directors or Director(s) and to seek approvals and settle any questions, 
difficulties or doubts that may arise in this regard along with filing of necessary e-forms with the 
Registrar of Companies.” 
 
5. TO CONSIDER AND APPROVE THE REVISION OF SITTING FEES PAYABLE TO MR. 
DAHYALAL PRAJAPATI (DIN: 09592327), INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR OF THE 
COMPANY 
 
To consider and if, thought fit, to pass with or without modification the following resolution as 
Special Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provision of Section 197(5) of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) 
read with rules framed thereunder and Schedule IV of the Act and other applicable provisions, if any, 
of the Companies Act, 2013 (including any statutory modification or re-enactment thereof), applicable 
clauses of the Articles of Association of the Company and recommendation of the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee, the approval of shareholders of the company is hereby accorded that the 
sitting fees payable to Mr. Dahyalal Prajapati, Independent Director of the company will be upto Rs. 
1,50,000/- per annum for attending the board meetings, committee meetings and general meetings of 
the company during his remaining tenure as Independent Director of the company with effect from 
July 01, 2025. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to this Resolution, the Board, be 
and is hereby authorized to do all such acts, deed, matters and things and execute all such documents, 
instruments and writing as may be required and to delegate all or any of its powers herein conferred 
to any Committee of Directors or Director(s) and to seek approvals and settle any questions, difficulties 
===== PDF PAGE 8 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
or doubts that may arise in this regard along with filing of necessary e-forms with the Registrar of 
Companies.” 
 
6. TO CONSIDER AND APPROVE THE REVISION OF SITTING FEES PAYABLE TO MS. 
PREETY PRIYA GHOSH (DIN: 09811959), INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR OF THE 
COMPANY 
 
To consider and if, thought fit, to pass with or without modification the following resolution as 
Special Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provision of Section 197(5) of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) 
read with rules framed thereunder and Schedule IV of the Act and other applicable provisions, if any, 
of the Companies Act, 2013 (including any statutory modification or re-enactment thereof), applicable 
clauses of the Articles of Association of the Company and recommendation of the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee, the approval of shareholders of the company is hereby accorded that the 
sitting fees payable to the sitting fees payable to Ms. Preety Priya Ghosh, Independent Director of the 
company will be upto Rs. 1,50,000/- per annum for attending the board meetings, committee meetings 
and general meetings of the company during his remaining tenure as Independent Director of the 
company with effect from July 01, 2025. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to this Resolution, the Board, be 
and is hereby authorized to do all such acts, deed, matters and things and execute all such documents, 
instruments and writing as may be required and to delegate all or any of its powers herein conferred 
to any Committee of Directors or Director(s) and to seek approvals and settle any questions, difficulties 
or doubts that may arise in this regard along with filing of necessary e-forms with the Registrar of 
Companies.” 
 
7. TO CONSIDER AND APPROVE THE REVISION OF SITTING FEES PAYABLE TO MR. 
BRAHMA RAVAL (DIN: 10523186), INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR OF THE COMPANY 
 
To consider and if, thought fit, to pass with or without modification the following resolution as 
Special Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provision of Section 197(5) of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) 
read with rules framed thereunder and Schedule IV of the Act and other applicable provisions, if any, 
of the Companies Act, 2013 (including any statutory modification or re-enactment thereof), applicable 
clauses of the Articles of Association of the Company and recommendation of the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee, the approval of shareholders of the company is hereby accorded that the 
sitting fees payable to Mr. Brahma Raval, Independent Director of the company will be upto Rs. 
1,50,000/- per annum for attending the board meetings, committee meetings and general meetings of 
the company during his remaining tenure as Independent Director of the company with effect from 
July 01, 2025. 
 
===== PDF PAGE 9 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to this Resolution, the Board, be 
and is hereby authorized to do all such acts, deed, matters and things and execute all such documents, 
instruments and writing as may be required and to delegate all or any of its powers herein conferred 
to any Committee of Directors or Director(s) and to seek approvals and settle any questions, difficulties 
or doubts that may arise in this regard along with filing of necessary e-forms with the Registrar of 
Companies.” 
  
 
 
Date:  May 28, 2025 
Place: Ahmedabad 
 
Registered Office 
514, Maple Trade Centre,  
Nr, Surdhara Circle,  
Thaltej, Ahmedabad-380054, Gujarat, India. 
CIN: L26401GJ2017PLC095719 
Website: www.prizor.in  
 
By order of the Board, 
For, Prizor Viztech Limited 
 
 
Hetaxiben Umang Bhatt 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership no. A62718   
 
 
 
  
===== PDF PAGE 10 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
NOTES: 
 
1. Pursuant to the General Circular No. 09/2024 dated September 19, 2024, issued by the Ministry of 
Corporate Affairs (MCA) and circular issued by SEBI vide circular no. SEBI/ HO/ CFD/ CFDPoD-
2/ P/ CIR/ 2024/ 133 dated October 3, 2024 (“SEBI Circular”) and other applicable circulars and 
notifications issued (including any statutory modifications or re-enactment thereof for the time 
being in force and as amended from time to time, companies are allowed to hold AGM through 
Video Conferencing (VC) or other audio visual means (OAVM), without the physical presence of 
members at a common venue. In compliance with the said Circulars, AGM shall be conducted 
through VC / OAVM. 
 
2. A Statement pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 with respect to the Special 
Business set out in the Notice is annexed. 
 
3. Members seeking any information with regard to accounts are requested to write to the Company 
at least 10 days before the meeting so as to enable the management to keep the information ready. 
 
4. Members are requested to notify immediately any change in their addresses and/or the Bank 
Mandate details to the Company’s Registrars and Share Transfer Agents, Bigshare Services Private 
Limited for shares held in physical form and to their respective Depository Participants (DPs) for 
shares held in electronic form. 
 
5. All the Documents referred to in the notice are open for inspection at the registered office of the 
Company between 11:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. on any working day prior to the day of meeting and will 
also be available at the meeting venue on the date of meeting. 
 
6. Pursuant to the Circular No. 14/2020 dated April 08, 2020, issued by the Ministry of Corporate 
Affairs, the facility to appoint proxy to attend and cast vote for the members is not available for this 
AGM. However, the Body Corporates are entitled to appoint authorised representatives to attend 
the AGM through VC/OAVM and participate there at and cast their votes through e-voting. 
 
7. The Members can join the AGM in the VC/OAVM mode 15 minutes before and after the scheduled 
time of the commencement of the Meeting by following the procedure mentioned in the Notice. 
The facility of participation at the AGM through VC/OAVM will be made available for 1000 
members on first come first served basis. This will not include large Shareholders (Shareholders 
holding 2% or more shareholding), Promoters, Institutional Investors, Directors, Key Managerial 
Personnel, the Chairpersons of the Audit Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
and Stakeholders Relationship Committee, Auditors etc. who are allowed to attend the AGM 
without restriction on account of first come first served basis. 
 
8. The attendance of the Members attending the AGM through VC/OAVM will be counted for the 
purpose of reckoning the quorum under Section 103 of the Companies Act, 2013. 
  
===== PDF PAGE 11 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
9. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 of the 
Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 (as amended)  the Secret arial St andard 
on General Meet ings (SS-2) issued by the ICSI and Regulation 44 of SEBI (Listing Obligations & 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 (as amended), and the Circulars issued by the Ministry 
of Corporate Affairs from time to time the Company is providing facility of remote e-Voting to its 
Members in respect of the business to be transacted at the AGM. For this purpose, the Company 
has entered into an agreement with National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) for facilitating 
voting through electronic means, as the authorized agency. The facility of casting votes by a 
member using remote e-Voting system as well as e-voting on the date of the AGM will be provided 
by NSDL. 
 
10. In line with the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) Circular No. 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020, 
the Notice calling the AGM has been uploaded on the website of the Company at www.prizor.in. 
The Notice can also be accessed from the websites of the Stock Exchanges i.e. National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited at www.nseindia.com respectively and the AGM Notice is also available 
on the website of NSDL (agency for providing the Remote e-Voting facility) i.e. 
www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
 
11. AGM has been convened through VC/OAVM in compliance with applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 read with MCA Circular issued from time to time. 
 
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR REMOTE E-VOTING AND JOINING GENERAL 
MEETING ARE AS UNDER:- 
 
The remote e-voting period begins on Saturday, July 19, 2025 at 09:00 A.M. IST and ends on 
Monday, July 21, 2025 at 05:00 P.M. IST The remote e-voting module shall be disabled by NSDL for 
voting thereafter. The Members, whose names appear in the Register of Members / Beneficial 
Owners as on the record date (cut-off date) i.e. July 15, 2025 may cast their vote electronically. The 
voting right of shareholders shall be in proportion to their share in the paid-up equity share capital 
of the Company as on the cut-off date, being July 15, 2025. 
 
How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system? 
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are mentioned 
below: 
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system 
A) Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode 
In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, 
Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account 
maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are advised to update their mobile 
number and email Id in their demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility. 
===== PDF PAGE 12 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below: 
 
Type of shareholders  Login Method 
Individual 
Shareholders holding 
securities in demat 
mode with NSDL. 
1. For OTP based login you can click 
on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.jsp. 
You will have to enter your 8-digit DP ID,8-digit Client Id, PAN No., 
Verification code and generate OTP. Enter the OTP received on 
registered email id/mobile number and click on login. After successful 
authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein 
you can see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service 
provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of 
NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or 
joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting. 
2. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL Viz. 
https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on a 
mobile. On the e-Services home page click on the “Beneficial Owner” 
icon under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section , this will 
prompt you to enter your existing User ID and Password. After 
successful authentication, you will be able to see e-Voting services 
under Value added services. Click on “Access to e-Voting” under e-
Voting services and you will be able to see e-Voting page. Click on 
company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will 
be re-directed to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during 
the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during 
the meeting. 
3. If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is 
available at https://eservices.nsdl.com.  Select “Register Online for 
IDeAS Portal”  or click at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp  
4. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the 
following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal 
Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-Voting system is 
launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under 
‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen will open. You will have 
to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat account number hold 
with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on the 
screen. After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL 
Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on company 
name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be 
redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during 
the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during 
the meeting.  
===== PDF PAGE 13 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
5. Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App “NSDL 
Speede” facility by scanning the QR code mentioned below for 
seamless voting experience. 
 
Individual 
Shareholders holding 
securities in demat 
mode with CDSL 
1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login 
through their existing user id and password. Option will be made 
available to reach e-Voting page without any further authentication. The 
users to login Easi /Easiest are requested to visit CDSL website 
www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon & New System Myeasi Tab 
and then user your existing my easi username & password. 
2. After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-
Voting option for eligible companies where the evoting is in progress 
as per the information provided by company. On clicking the evoting 
option, the user will be able to see e-Voting page of the e-Voting service 
provider for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or 
joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting. Additionally, there 
is also links provided to access the system of all e-Voting Service 
Providers, so that the user can visit the e-Voting service providers’ 
website directly. 
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is 
available at CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on login & 
New System Myeasi Tab and then click on registration option. 
 
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing 
Demat Account Number and PAN No. from a e-Voting link available 
on www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will authenticate the 
user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the 
Demat Account. After successful authentication, user will be able to see 
the e-Voting option where the evoting is in progress and also able to 
directly access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers. 

===== PDF PAGE 14 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
Individual 
Shareholders (holding 
securities in demat 
mode) login through 
their depository 
participants 
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through 
your Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility. 
upon logging in, you will be able to see e-Voting option. Click on e-Voting 
option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful 
authentication, wherein you can see e-Voting feature. Click on company name 
or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting 
website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or 
joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting. 
 
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID and 
Forget Password option available at abovementioned website. 
 
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related 
to login through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL. 
 
Login type Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode with NSDL Members facing any technical issue in login can contact 
NSDL helpdesk by sending a request at  
evoting@nsdl.com or call at 022 - 4886 7000 
Individual Shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode with CDSL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact 
CDSL helpdesk by sending a request at 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free 
no. 1800-21-09911   
 
B) Login Method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for shareholders other than Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode and shareholders holding securities in physical 
mode. 
 
How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website? 
 
1. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile.  
2. Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available 
under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. 
3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and a 
Verification Code as shown on the screen. 
Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log-in at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with your existing IDEAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL eservices 
===== PDF PAGE 15 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
after using your log-in credentials, click on e-Voting and you can proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your 
vote electronically. 
4. Your User ID details are given below : 
 
Manner of holding shares i.e. Demat 
(NSDL or CDSL) or Physical 
 Your User ID is: 
a) For Members who hold shares in 
demat account with NSDL. 
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit 
Client ID 
For example if your DP ID is IN300*** 
and Client ID is 12****** then your user 
ID is IN300***12******. 
b) For Members who hold shares in 
demat account with CDSL. 
16 Digit Beneficiary ID 
For example if your Beneficiary ID is 
12************** then your user ID is 
12************** 
c) For Members holding shares in 
Physical Form. 
EVEN Number followed by Folio 
Number registered with the company 
For example if folio number is 001*** 
and EVEN is 101456 then user ID is 
101456001*** 
 
 
5. Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given below:  
a) If you are already registered for e-Voting, then you can user your existing password to login 
and cast your vote. 
 
b) If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the first time, you will need to retrieve the 
‘initial password’ which was communicated to you. Once you retrieve your ‘initial 
password’, you need to enter the ‘initial password’ and the system will force you to change 
your password. 
c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’? 
(i) If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the company, your 
‘initial password’ is communicated to you on your email ID. Trace the email sent to 
you from NSDL from your mailbox. Open the email and open the attachment i.e. a 
.pdf file. Open the .pdf file. The password to open the .pdf file is your 8 digit client 
ID for NSDL account, last 8 digits of client ID for CDSL account or folio number 
for shares held in physical form. The .pdf file contains your ‘User ID’ and your 
‘initial password’.  
(ii) If your email ID is not registered, please follow steps mentioned below in process 
for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered.  
===== PDF PAGE 16 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
 
6.  If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “Initial password” or have forgotten your 
password: 
a)  Click on “Forgot User Details/Password?”(If you are holding shares in your demat account 
with NSDL or CDSL) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
b)  Physical User Reset Password?” (If you are holding shares in physical mode) option 
available on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
c) If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can send a request at 
evoting@nsdl.com mentioning your demat account number/folio number, your PAN, your 
name and your registered address etc. 
d) Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting the votes on the 
e-Voting system of NSDL. 
 
7. After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting on the check 
box. 
8. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button. 
9. After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e-Voting will open. 
 
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically and join General Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system. 
How to cast your vote electronically and join General Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system? 
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” in which you 
are holding shares and whose voting cycle and General Meeting is in active status. 
2. Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast your vote during the remote e-Voting period 
and casting your vote during the General Meeting. For joining virtual meeting, you need to click on 
“VC/OAVM” link placed under “Join Meeting”. 
3. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens. 
4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify the number of 
shares for which you wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also “Confirm” when 
prompted. 
5. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed.  
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print option on the 
confirmation page. 
7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote. 
 
General Guidelines for shareholders 
1. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to send scanned 
copy (PDF/JPG Format) of the relevant Board Resolution/ Authority letter etc. with attested 
===== PDF PAGE 17 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the 
Scrutinizer by e-mail to insiya@csinsiya.in with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.com. Institutional 
shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board Resolution / 
Power of Attorney / Authority Letter etc. by clicking on "Upload Board Resolution / Authority 
Letter" displayed under "e-Voting" tab in their login. 
2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care 
to keep your password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon five 
unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In such an event, you will need to go through 
the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset Password?” option available on 
www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.  
3. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and 
e-voting user manual for Shareholders available at the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com 
or call on.: 022 - 4886 7000 or send a request to Mr. Sachin Kaleriya at evoting@nsdl.com  
 
Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories for procuring 
user id and password and registration of e mail ids for e-voting for the resolutions set out in this 
notice: 
 
1. In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned 
copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN card), 
AADHAR (self attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email to investors@prizor.in. 
 
2. In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 
digit beneficiary ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self 
attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to 
investors@prizor.in. If you are an Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode, you 
are requested to refer to the login method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for e-Voting 
and joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode. 
 
 
3. Alternatively shareholder/members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.com for procuring user 
id and password for e-voting by providing above mentioned documents. 
 
4. In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed 
Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through 
their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are 
required to update their mobile number and email ID correctly in their demat account in order to 
access e-Voting facility. 
 
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR e-VOTING ON THE DAY OF THE AGM ARE AS 
UNDER:- 
===== PDF PAGE 18 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
1. The procedure for e-Voting on the day of the AGM is same as the instructions mentioned above for 
remote e-voting. 
 
2. Only those Members/ shareholders, who will be present in the AGM through VC/OAVM facility 
and have not casted their vote on the Resolutions through remote e-Voting and are otherwise not 
barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through e-Voting system in the AGM. 
 
3. Members who have voted through Remote e-Voting will be eligible to attend the AGM. However, 
they will not be eligible to vote at the AGM. 
 
4. The details of the person who may be contacted for any grievances connected with the facility for 
e-Voting on the day of the AGM shall be the same person mentioned for Remote e-voting. 
 
INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR ATTENDING THE AGM THROUGH VC/OAVM ARE 
AS UNDER: 
 
1. Member will be provided with a facility to attend the AGM through VC/OAVM through the NSDL 
e-Voting system. Members may access by following the steps mentioned above for Access to 
NSDL e-Voting system. After successful login, you can see link of “VC/OAVM” placed under 
“Join meeting” menu against company name. You are requested to click on VC/OAVM link placed 
under Join Meeting menu. The link for VC/OAVM will be available in Shareholder/Member login 
where the EVEN of Company will be displayed. Please note that the members who do not have the 
User ID and Password for e-Voting or have forgotten the User ID and Password may retrieve the 
same by following the remote e-Voting instructions mentioned in the notice to avoid last minute 
rush. 
  
2. Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through Laptops for better experience. 
 
3. Further Members will be required to allow Camera and use Internet with a good speed to avoid any 
disturbance during the meeting. 
 
4. Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile Devices or Tablets or through Laptop 
connecting via Mobile Hotspot may experience Audio/Video loss due to Fluctuation in their 
respective network. It is therefore recommended to use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to mitigate 
any kind of aforesaid glitches. 
 
5. Shareholders who would like to express their views/have questions may send their questions in 
advance mentioning their name demat account number/folio number, email id, mobile number at 
investors@prizor.in. The same will be replied by the company suitably. 
 
6. Members who would like to express their views/ask questions as a speaker at the Meeting may pre-
register themselves by sending a request from their registered e-mail address mentioning their 
names, DP ID and Client ID/folio number, PAN and mobile number at investors@prizor.in on or 
===== PDF PAGE 19 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
before July 15, 2025. Only those Members who have pre-registered themselves as a speaker will be 
allowed to express their views/ask questions during the AGM. The Company reserves the right to 
restrict the number of speakers depending on the availability of time for the AGM. The 
questions/query are limit to 2 only for continuing the proceedings of the AGM. 
 
Other Instructions: 
 
1) Ms. Insiya Nalawala, Practicing Company Secretary, Proprietor of M/s. Insiya Nalawala & 
Associates, Company Secretaries (Membership No. FCS 13422), has been appointed as the 
Scrutinizer to scrutinize the e-voting process in a fair and transparent manner. 
 
2) The Scrutinizer shall, immediately after the conclusion of voting at the annual general meeting, first 
count the votes cast at the meeting, thereafter unblock the votes cast through remote-e-voting in the 
presence of at least two witnesses not in the employment of the Company and make, not later than 
Two working days from the conclusion of the meeting a consolidated Scrutinizer’s Report of the 
total votes cast in favor or against, if any, forthwith to the Chairman or any of the Director or 
Company Secretary of the Company. The results declared along with the Scrutinizer’s Report shall 
be placed on the Company’s website www.prizor.in, website of Stock Exchange i.e. NSE - National 
Stock Exchange of India Ltd https://www.nseindia.com and on the website of NDSL at 
www.evoting.nsdl.com within forty eight hours of the passing of the resolutions at the 08th AGM 
of the Company to be held on Tuesday, 22nd July, 2025, and communicated to National Stock 
Exchange of India Ltd, where the shares of the Company are listed. 
  
===== PDF PAGE 20 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
 
ANNEXURE TO ITEM No. 2 OF THE NOTICE 
 
Details Information as required under Regulation 36 (3) of SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and Secretarial Standard-2 on General Meeting issued by the institute of 
Company Secretaries of India with respect to the Appointment / Reappointment of Directors at the ensuing 
Annual General Meeting is as under: 
 
Name of The Director Dasharathbharthi Gopalbharthi Gauswami 
Director Identification Number 07712175 
Date of Birth 01/07/1990 
Date of joining the Board 10/02/2017 
Qualification Bachelor of Commerce (B.Com.) and Master of 
Business Administration 
Brief Profile Mr. Dasharathbharthi has Good Knowledge in 
marketing, accounts, finance and administrative 
work. He is well versed in the areas of stock 
market, and Financial System.  
No. of Shares held in the Company 2469968 
Directorship in listed company 
(Other than Prizor Viztech Limited) 
Nil 
Committee Memberships/ 
Chairmanship held in Listed Companies 
(Prizor Viztech Limited) 
Nil 
Details of listed entities 
from which the person 
has resigned in the past 
three years 
None 
Disclosure of relationships between Directors 
inter‐se 
Mr. Dasharathbharthi Gopalbharthi Gauswami is 
the Husband of Mrs. Mitali Dasharathbharthi 
Gauswami Chairman and Managing Director of 
the Company 
No. of Board Meetings attended during the 
Year 
25 
 
For other details such as the remuneration drawn in respect of above directors, please refer to the Board Report and 
Financial Statements which forms part of this Annual Report. 
 
  
===== PDF PAGE 21 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
Explanatory Statement 
(Pursuant to section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Clause 1.2.5 of SS -2 Secretarial Standard on General 
Meeting) 
 
Item No. 3  
 
To Approve revision of remuneration of Ms. Mitali Dasharathbharthi Gauswami (DIN: 07712190) 
Chairman and Managing Director [Executive Director] of the Company: 
 
Ms. Mitali Dasharathbharthi Gauswami is a promoter of the Company since its incorporation and possess 
valuable experience in the industry. In view of appreciating the strategic guidance and direction given by 
Ms. Mitali Dasharathbharthi Gauswami for carrying out business operations of the Company and thereby 
contributing significantly to the overall growth of the Company and considering her rich experience and 
knowledge and leadership capabilities, the Board of Directors, on recommendation of the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee, at their meeting held on May 28th, 2025, approved the revision in her 
remuneration from Rs. 1,00,000/- (Indian Rupees One Lakhs only) per month (inclusive of salary, 
perquisites, benefits, incentives, and allowances) to Upto Rs. 2,50,000/- (Indian Rupees Two Lakhs Fifty 
Thousands only) per month effective from July 01st, 2025, (inclusive of salary, perquisites, benefits, 
incentives, and allowances) where, the remuneration shall in no case exceed the ceiling limits of the net 
profits of the Company computed in accordance with the provisions of the Act or any other applicable law, 
as amended from time to time. The proposed revision in the remuneration is well in conformity with the 
relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013. 
 
A brief profile of Ms. Mitali Dasharathbharthi Gauswami is given below: 
 
 
1. 
Background details Ms. Mitali Dasharathbharthi Gauswami aged 35 
years is the Managing Director of our Company. 
2. Recognition or awards N.A. 
3. Job profile and her suitability Ms. Mitali Dasharathbharthi Gauswami a 
Chairperson and Managing Director of the 
Company, she shall be is entrusted with substantial 
powers of management of the affairs of the 
company and also responsible for the overall 
growth and development in the Company through 
her experience in this industry. 
4. Revised Remuneration proposed Maximum up to Rs 2,50,000/- (Rupees Two Lakhs 
Fifty Thousands only) per month. 
5. Comparative remuneration profile with 
respect to industry, size of the company, 
profile of the position and person 
Based on a review of her experience and expertise 
in the industry, the Board of Directors, upon the 
recommendation of the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee, has determined that the 
revision of her remuneration is reasonable and in 
alignment with the prevailing compensation 
===== PDF PAGE 22 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
practices for senior management personnel 
possessing comparable qualifications and 
experience in the industry. 
6. Pecuniary relationship directly or 
indirectly with the Company, or 
relationship with the managerial personal, 
if any: 
Ms. Mitali Dasharathbharthi Gauswami as a 
Chairperson and Managing Director of the 
Company has no other relationship with the 
Company. However, She is the Promoter & 
Shareholder of the company. 
 
The details of the remuneration payable to Ms. Mitali Dasharathbharthi Gauswami is given below: 
 
Tenure of 
Remuneration 
 
3 years with effect from July 01, 2025 
Salary inclusive of 
all allowances and 
incentives 
Up to Rs 2,50,000/- (Rupees Two Lakhs Fifty Thousands only) per month. The 
Managing Director shall be entitled to such increment from time to time as the 
Board may by its discretion determine subject to the limits set out in Schedule V 
of Companies Act, 2013. 
Perquisites and 
Allowances in 
addition to the 
salary 
Perquisites shall be evaluated as per Income Tax Rule wherever applicable and 
in the absence of any such rule, Perquisites shall be evaluated at actual cost. 
Retirement 
benefits 
Gratuity payable shall be in accordance with the rules of Companies Act and 
Gratuity Rules. Earned leave on full pay and allowances as per the rules of the 
Company, leave accumulated shall be encash able of Leave at this end of the 
tenure, will not be included in the computation of the ceiling on perquisites. 
Other benefits The Chairperson and Managing Director shall be entitled to reimbursement of 
expenses like Vehicle, Guest Entertainment; Travelling Expenses actually and 
properly incurred during the course of doing legitimate business of the company. 
The Chairperson and Managing Director shall be eligible for Housing, Education 
and Medical Loan and other Loans or facilities as applicable in accordance with 
the rules of the company and in compliance with the provisions of the Companies 
Act, 2013. 
Minimum 
Remuneration 
The aggregate of the remuneration and perquisites as aforesaid, in any financial 
year, shall not exceed the limit set out under Sections 197 and 198 read with 
Schedule V and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 or any 
statutory modifications or re-enactments thereof for the time being in force, or 
otherwise as may be permissible at law. 
Provided that where in any financial year, the company has no profits or its profits 
are inadequate, the Company shall pay the above salary and allowances and 
provide the perquisites and other amenities as aforesaid to the Chairperson and 
Managing Director as and by way of minimum remuneration, subject to the 
===== PDF PAGE 23 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
applicable provision of Schedule V of the Act and the approval of the Central 
government, if required, or any other approvals as may be required under law. 
 
The Board is satisfied with the integrity, expertise, and experience (including the proficiency) of Ms. Mitali 
Dasharathbharthi Gauswami, the Board recommend the resolution for revision in remuneration as set out 
at Item No. 3 of the accompanying Notice, for approval by the Members of the Company as Special 
resolution. 
 
None of the Directors and KMP except Ms. Mitali Gauswami and Family members are interested in the 
resolution no. 3 as set out in Notice. 
 
Item No. 4   
 
To approve revision of remuneration of Mr. Dasharathbharthi Gopalbharthi Gauswami (DIN: 
07712175) Whole-Time Director and CFO [Executive Director] of the Company 
 
Mr. Dasharathbharthi Gopalbharthi Gauswami is a promoter of the Company since its incorporation. In the 
view of duties and full-time responsibilities of Mr. Dasharathbharthi Gopalbharthi Gauswami as a Whole-
time Director. The Board of Directors, on recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee, at their meeting held on May 28, 2025, approved the revision in his remuneration from Rs. 
1,00,000/- (Indian Rupees One Lakhs only) per month (inclusive of salary, perquisites, benefits, incentives, 
and allowances) to Upto Rs. 2,50,000/- (Indian Rupees Two Lakhs Fifty Thousands only) per month 
effective from July  01, 2025, (inclusive of salary, perquisites, benefits, incentives, and allowances) where, 
the remuneration shall in no case exceed the ceiling limits of the net profits of the Company computed in 
accordance with the provisions of the Act or any other applicable law, as amended from time to time. The 
proposed revision in the remuneration is well in conformity with the relevant provisions of the Companies 
Act, 2013.  
 
A brief profile of Mr. Dasharathbharthi Gopalbharthi Gauswami is given below: 
 
1. Background details Mr. Dasharathbharthi Gopalbharthi Gauswami aged 34 
years is the Whole time Director of our Company. 
2. Recognition or awards N.A. 
3. Job profile and his suitability Mr. Dasharathbharthi Gopalbharthi Gauswami a 
Whole time Director of the Company shall be 
responsible for the overall management and 
administration of the company through his experience 
in this industry. 
4. Revised Remuneration proposed Maximum up to Rs. 2,50,000/- (Rupees Two lakh Fifty 
Thousands only) per month. 
5. Comparative remuneration profile 
with respect to industry, size of the 
Based on a review of his experience and expertise in 
the industry, the Board of Directors, upon the 
recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration 
===== PDF PAGE 24 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
company, profile of the position and 
person 
Committee, has determined that the revision of her 
remuneration is reasonable and in alignment with the 
prevailing compensation practices for senior 
management personnel possessing comparable 
qualifications and experience in the industry. 
 
The details of the revise remuneration payable to Mr. Dasharathbharthi Gopalbharthi Gauswami is given 
below: 
 
Tenure of Remuneration 
 
3 years with effect from July 01, 2025. 
Salary inclusive of all 
allowances and incentives 
Up to Rs. 2,50,000/- (Rupees Two Lakh Fifty Thousands Only) per 
month. The Whole time Director shall be entitled to such increment from 
time to time as the Board may by its discretion determine subject to the 
limits set out in Schedule V of Companies Act, 2013. 
Perquisites and 
Allowances in addition to 
the salary 
Perquisites shall be evaluated as per Income Tax Rule wherever 
applicable and in the absence of any such rule, Perquisites shall be 
evaluated at actual cost. 
Retirement benefits Gratuity payable shall be in accordance with the rules of Companies Act 
and Gratuity Rules. 
Earned leave on full pay and allowances as per the rules of the Company, 
leave accumulated shall be encash able of Leave at this end of the tenure, 
will not be included in the computation of the ceiling on perquisites. 
Other benefits The Whole time Director shall be entitled to reimbursement of expenses 
like Vehicle, Guest Entertainment; Travelling Expenses actually and 
properly incurred during the course of doing legitimate business of the 
company. 
The Whole time Director shall be eligible for Housing, Education and 
Medical Loan and other Loans or facilities as applicable in accordance 
with the rules of the company and in compliance with the provisions of 
the Companies Act, 2013. 
Minimum Remuneration The aggregate of the remuneration and perquisites as aforesaid, in any 
financial year, shall not exceed the limit set out under Sections 197 and 
198 read with Schedule V and other applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 or any statutory modifications or re-enactments 
thereof for the time being in force, or otherwise as may be permissible at 
law. 
  
The Board recommends the Special Resolution set forth in Item No. 4 of the Notice for approval of the 
members. 
  
None of the Directors and KMP except Mr. Dasharathbharthi Gauswami and Family members are 
interested in the resolution no. 4 as set out in Notice. 
===== PDF PAGE 25 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
Item No. 5, 6 and 7 
 
To consider and approve the revision of sitting fees payable to Mr. Dahyalal Prajapati, Ms. Preety 
Priya Ghosh and Mr. Brahma Raval independent director of the company 
 
In accordance with the provision of section 197 (5) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 4 of the 
Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, a company may pay 
sitting fees to its directors for attending the board or committee thereof. The sum of the sitting fess as may 
be decided by the board shall not exceed Rs. 1 Lakh per meeting of board or committee thereof. 
 
Currently company is paying sitting of Rs. 15,000/- per meeting for attending board and committee thereof 
to each independent director of the company.  
 
In consideration to there invaluable advise and suggestions for the growth of the company, the board of 
directors of the company in its meeting held on May 28, 2025, had decided to pay sitting fees upto Rs. 
1,50,000/- per annum to each independent director of the company with effect from July 01, 2025. 
 
The Board recommends the Special Resolution set forth in Item No. 5, 6 and 7 of the Notice for approval 
of the members. 
 
All the directors, except executive directors and KMP of the company, and their relatives are interested in 
the resolution set out in item number 5, 6 and 7 of the Notice. 
 
 
By order of the Board, 
For, Prizor Viztech Limited 
 
Hetaxiben Umang Bhatt 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership no. A62718    
 
Date:  May 28, 2025 
Place: Ahmedabad 
 
Registered Office 
514, Maple Trade Centre, Nr, Surdhara Circle,  
Thaltej, Ahmedabad-380054, Gujarat, India. 
Corporate Identification Number: L26401GJ2017PLC095719 
Website: www.prizor.in  
 
 
 
 
===== PDF PAGE 26 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
BOARD’S REPORT 
 
To, 
The Members, 
 
Your Directors have the pleasure in presenting 8th Annual Report of Prizor Viztech Limited (“the 
Company”) on the Business and Operations of your Company together with the Audited Standalone and 
Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company for the financial year ended 31st March, 2025.  
 
FINANCIAL RESULTS: 
 
The financial performance (standalone and consolidated) for the year ended 31st March, 2025 is 
summarized below:       
(₹ in Lakhs)  Standalone Consolidated 
Particulars 2024-25 2023-24 2024-25 2023-24 
Revenue from Operations 7109.37 3565.41 7109.37 - 
Other Income 4.5 4.21 4.5 - 
Total Revenue 7113.87 3569.62 7113.87 - 
Profit before Depreciation, Finance 
Costs, Exceptional Items and Tax 
Expense 
1507.67 825.06 1507.16  
Less: Depreciation/ Amortization/ 
Impairment 
16.62 4.97 16.62 - 
Profit  before Finance Costs, 
Exceptional Items and Tax Expense 
1491.05 820.09 1490.54  
Less: Finance Costs 124.02 64.65 124.02 - 
Profit before Exceptional Items and 
Tax Expense 
1367.03 755.44 1366.52 - 
Add/(less): Exceptional items 0 0 0 - 
Profit before Tax Expense 1367.03 755.44 1366.52 - 
Less: Tax Expense 351.77 203.37 351.68 - 
Current Tax 340.92 206.01 340.92  
Deferred Tax 10.85 -2.64 10.76  
Profit for the year (1) 1015.26 552.07 1014.84 - 
Other Comprehensive Income/loss (2) 0 0 0 - 
Share in Net profit of Associate 
Concern (3) 
0 0 0 - 
Total (1+2+3) 1015.26 552.07 1014.84 - 
EPS (basic and diluted) 10.4 7.46 10.39 - 
===== PDF PAGE 27 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS: 
 
Consolidated results 
 
The net revenue from operations for the FY 2024‐25 stood at Rs. 7109.37 lakhs. 
 
The Profit before Tax for the current year is Rs. 1366.52 Lakhs, and the Profit after Tax (PAT) for the 
current year is Rs. 1014 Lakhs.  
 
Standalone results  
 
Net revenue from operations increased to Rs. 7109.37 Lakhs from Rs. 3565.41 Lakhs in the previous year, 
showing a incline of Rs. 3543.96 Lakhs. 
 
The Profit before Tax for the current year is Rs. 1367.03 Lakhs as against Rs. 755.44 Lakhs in the previous 
year showing a rise in profit of Rs. 611.59 Lakhs. The Profit after Tax (PAT) for the current year is Rs. 
1015.26 Lakhs as against the profit of Rs. 552.07 lakhs in the previous year showing a growth of 463.19 
Lakhs.  
 
The consolidated financial statement is also the part of annual report in addition to the standalone financial 
statement of the company.  
 
REVIEW OF BUSINESS OPERATIONS & FUTURE OUTLOOK: 
 
The company is engaged in the business of Trading Assembling Servicing and Like wise of Security 
Systems and Electronic Home and Commercial items. The total revenue for the year amounted to INR 
7,11,387.02/- and the company has achieved a profit of INR 1,01,526.31/-. 
 
During the Financial Year, the company had come up with the Initial Public Offer (IPO) of 28,91,200 
Equity Shares of Face value of ₹10/- each for cash at a price of ₹ 87 per equity share including a share 
premium of ₹ 77 per equity share aggregating to ₹ 2,515.34 lakhs. The company got listed on SME platform 
of National Stock Exchange of India Limited on July 22, 2024. 
 
TRANSFER TO RESERVES:  
 
The Board of Directors of your company has decided not to transfer any amount to the Reserves for the 
year under review. 
 
DIVIDEND: 
 
Your directors do not recommend dividends for the year ended 31st March 2025 as the directors propose 
to utilize the profits for the business of the company during the financial year. 
 
===== PDF PAGE 28 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
CHANGE IN THE NATURE OF BUSINESS AND REGISTERED OFFICE ADDRESS:  
 
There are no changes in the business line and registered office of the Company.  
 
TRANSFER OF AMOUNTS TO INVESTOR EDUCATION AND PROTECTION FUND: 
 
During the period under review the provisions relating to Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF) 
is not applicable to the company. 
 
WEB LINK OF ANNUAL RETURN, IF ANY: 
 
The Company is having website www.prizor.in and annual return of Company shall be published on the 
website after holding Annual General Meeting. It will be available in the Home>Investor >Financials tab 
on the website. Link of the same is given below: 
www.prizor.in. 
 
REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE COMPANY:  The information required under Section 197(12) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 5(1) of Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 in respect of Directors/employees of the Company is set out in “Annexure ‐1” of this report. 
 
DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARY/JOINT VENTURES/ASSOCIATE COMPANIES: 
 
Your company has one subsidiary company as on March 31, 2025. There has been no material change in 
the business of the aforesaid entity. The details of holding/ subsidiary/ associate/ joint venture companies 
are given in Form No. AOC‐1 in “Annexure ‐ 2” of this report. 
 
The following are the details of the subsidiary company during the period under review: 
 
Prizor Aitech India Limited 
 
The Company has acquired 51% shareholding in Prizor Aitech India Limited thus making it a Subsidiary 
Company of Prizor Viztech Limited. The transaction for acquisition was completed on 09th October, 2024. 
 
The Company is engaged in the business of acquire, own, sell, exchange, or otherwise deal in or dispose 
off, let on hire or lease, repair and assemble all kinds of plant and machinery, equipment’s, 
computers, peripherals, networking equipment’s, internet Connectivity Products, accessories, apparatus, 
spare parts, tools, implements. 
 
MATERIAL CHANGES AND COMMITMENT, IF ANY, AFFECTING THE FINANCIAL 
POSITION OF THE COMPANY OCCURRED AFTER THE END OF THE FINANCIAL YEAR: 
 
===== PDF PAGE 29 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
No material changes and commitments affecting the financial position of the Company occurred after the 
end of the financial year to which these financial statements relate and up to the date of this report. 
 
CAPITAL STRUCTURE: 
 
The capital Structure of the Company as on 31st March, 2025: 
 
Share Capital Amount in Rs.  
1. Authorized Share Capital: 
12500000 Equity Shares @ Re. 10/- each: 12,50,00,000 
  
2. Issued/Subscribed and Fully Paid-up Share Capital: 
10691203 Equity Shares @ Rs. 10/- each fully paid up 10,69,12,030 
  
 
Increase in Authorized Share Capital  
 
The Board of Directors had increased the Authorised Share Capital of the Company on the following dates: 
 
a. At its Board Meeting held on March 08, 2024, by the Approval of the Shareholders of the Company at 
its Extra-Ordinary General Meeting held on April 01, 2024, from Rs. 80,00,000/- (Rupees Eighty Lakh 
only) divided into 8,00,000 (Eight Lakh) Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- (Rupees Ten only) each to Rs. 
12,50,00,000/- (Rupees Twelve Fifty Lakh only) divided into 1,25,00,000 (One Crore Twenty-Five Lakh) 
Equity Shares of Rs, 10/- (Rupees Ten only) each.  
 
Increase in Issued/Subscribed and Fully Paid-up Share Capital  
 
The Company had issued and allotted Share Capital of the Company on the following dates – 
 
a. The Shareholders of the Company has approved to issue and allot 400000 (Four Lakh) Equity 
Shares at Face Value of Rs. 10/- (Rupees Ten only) each at a Price of Rs. 75/- (including Premium 
of Rs. 65/- per Share) each fully paid up pursuant to the resolution passed by the Shareholders of 
the Company dated May 07th, 2024 by way of Conversion of Loans into equity which led to the 
increase of Paid-up Share Capital from Rs. 80,00,000, (Rupees Eighty Lakh only) divided into 
8,00,000 (Eight Lacs) Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- (Rupees Ten only) each to Rs. 1,20,00,000/- 
(Rupees One Crore Twenty Lakh only) divided into 12,00,000 (Twelve Lakh) Equity Shares of Rs, 
10/- (Rupees Ten only) each. 
 
b. The Shareholders of the Company has approved to issue and allot 6600003 (Sixty-Lakh and three) 
Equity Shares at Face Value of Rs. 10/- (Rupees Ten only) each fully paid up pursuant to the 
resolution passed by the Shareholders of the Company dated May 09th, 2024   by way of Bonus 
Shares which led to the increase of Paid-up Share Capital from Rs. 1,20,00,000/- (Rupees One 
Crore Twenty Lakh only) divided into 12,00,000 (Twelve Lakh) Equity Shares of Rs, 10/- (Rupees 
===== PDF PAGE 30 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
Ten only) each to Rs. 7,80,00,030/- (Rupees Seven Crore Eighty Lakh and Thirty only) divided into 
78,00,003 (Seventy-Eight Lakh and Three) Equity Shares of Rs, 10/- (Rupees Ten only) each. 
 
c. The Shareholders of the Company has approved to issue and allot 28,91,200 (Twenty-Eight Lakh 
Ninety-one Thousands and Two Hundred) Equity Shares at Face Value of Rs. 10/- (Rupees Ten 
only) each at a Price of Rs. 87/- (including Premium of Rs. 77/- per Share) each fully paid up 
pursuant to the resolution passed by the Shareholders of the Company dated May 17th, 2024 by 
way of Public issue which led to the increase of Paid-up Share Capital from Rs. 7,80,00,030/- 
(Rupees Seven Crore Eighty Lakh and Thirty only) divided into 78,00,003 (Seventy-Eight Lakh 
and Three) Equity Shares of Rs, 10/- (Rupees Ten only) each to. Rs. 10,69,12,030/- (Rupees Ten 
Crore Sixty-nine Lakh Twelve Thousand and Thirty only) divided into 10691203 (One Crore Six 
Lakh Ninety-one Thousand Two Hundred and Three) Equity Shares of Rs, 10/- (Rupees Ten only) 
each. 
 
DETAILS OF SIGNIFICANT AND MATERIAL ORDERS PASSED BY THE REGULATORS OR 
COURTS OR TRIBUNALS IMPACTING THE GOING CONCERN STATUS AND THE 
COMPANY’S OPERATIONS IN THE FUTURE: 
 
During the year under review, there have been no such significant and material orders passed by the 
regulators or courts, or tribunals impacting the going concern status and the company’s operations in the 
future. 
 
MEETINGS OF BOARD OF DIRECTORS: 
 
The Board of directors duly met 25 (Twenty-five) times. The dates are as follows: 15.04.2024, 16.04.2024, 
20.04.2024, 06.05.2024, 07.05.2024, 10.05.2024, 15.05.2024, 18.05.2024, 23.05.2024, 24.05.2024, 
28.05.2024, 12.06.2024, 25.06.2024, 26.06.2024, 06.07.2024, 17.07.2024, 18.07.2024, 05.08.2024, 
30.08.2024, 01.10.2024, 22.10.2024, 13.11.2024, 22.01.2025, 05.03.2025, 18.03.2025.  
 
DIRECTORS AND KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL: 
 
• Retirement by rotation and subsequent re-appointment 
 
Mr. Dasharathbharthi Gopalbharthi Gauswami  (DIN: 07712175), Whole-time Director, is liable to retire 
by rotation at the ensuing Annual General Meeting, pursuant to Section 152(6) and other applicable 
provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013, read with the Companies (Appointment and Qualification 
of Directors) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time 
being in force), and being eligible have offered himself for re-appointment. 
 
Appropriate business for his re-appointment is being placed for the approval of the shareholders of the 
Company at the AGM. The brief resume of the Director and other related information has been detailed in 
the Notice convening the ensuing AGM of the Company. 
 
===== PDF PAGE 31 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
 Change in Board Composition 
 
Ms. Preety Priya Ghosh having DIN- 09811959 has been appointed as Independent Director of the 
company, with effect from 16.04.2024.  
  
 Key Managerial Personnel 
 
Ms. Hetaxiben Umang Bhatt has been appointed as a Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the 
company, with effect from 16.04.2024. 
 
Mr. Dasharathbharthi Gopalbharthi Gauswami has been appointed as a CFO of the company, with effect 
from 07.05.2024. 
 
Mr. Dasharathbharthi Gopalbharthi Gauswami having (DIN: 07712175), has been Change in Designation 
as a Whole-time director of the company, with effect from 09.05.2024. 
 
Mrs. Mitali Dasharathbharthi Gauswami having (DIN: 07712190), has been Change in Designation as a 
Managing Director of the company, with effect from 09.05.2024. 
 
DECLARATION BY INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS: 
 
The Company has received declarations from Mrs. Preety Priya Ghosh (DIN: 09811959), Mr. Dahyalal 
Bansilal Prajapati (DIN: 09592327) and Mr. Brahma Ghosh Raval (DIN: 10523186), Independent 
Directors of the Company under Section 149(7) of Companies Act, 2013 confirming that they meet criteria 
of Independence as per relevant provisions of Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI (LODR) Regulations.  
 
At the meeting of the Board of Directors held on 22nd April, 2025, the Board of Directors of the Company 
has taken on record the said declarations and confirmation as submitted by the Independent Directors after 
undertaking due assessment of the veracity of the same. The Independent directors have complied with the 
code for independent director as prescribed in schedule IV of the Companies Act, 2013 and code of conduct 
for the board of directors and senior management personnel of the company. 
 
All the Independent Directors of the Company have enrolled their names in the online database of 
Independent Directors by Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs in terms of the regulatory requirements. 
Also, the online proficiency self‐assessment test as mandated will be undertaken by those Independent 
Directors of the Company who are not exempted within the prescribed timelines. 
 
The company had formulated and implemented code of conduct for the board of directors and senior 
management personnel which is available on the Company’s website: https://www.prizor.in/policies/. 
 
BOARD COMMITTEES: 
 
There are various committees constituted as stipulated under the Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI (Listing 
===== PDF PAGE 32 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 namely Audit Committee, Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee, Stakeholders Relationship Committee, and Corporate Social Responsibility 
(CSR) Committee.  
 
1. AUDIT COMMITTEE 
 
The Company has formed the Audit Committee vide resolution passed in the meeting of Board of Directors 
held on May 18, 2024 as per the applicable provisions of the Section 177 of the Act read with the 
Companies (Meetings of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014 (as amended). The constituted Audit 
Committee comprises following members. 
 
Name of the Director Designation Nature of Directorship 
Mr. Dahyalal Prajapati Chairman Independent Director 
Mr. Brahma Ghosh Raval Member Independent Director 
Ms. Mitali Dasharathbharthi Gauswami Member Chairman and Managing Director 
 
The Company Secretary of our Company acts as a Secretary of the Audit Committee. The Chairman of the 
Audit Committee shall attend the Annual General Meeting of our Company to furnish clarifications to the 
shareholders in any matter relating to financial statements.  
 
The powers, roles and terms of reference of the committee are in compliance with the Section 177 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and rules made there under and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 as applicable. 
 
2. NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION COMMITTEE 
 
The Company has formed the Nomination and Remuneration Committee as per Section 178 and other 
applicable provisions of the Act read with the Companies (Meetings of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014 
(as amended) vide board resolution dated May 18, 2024. The Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
comprises the following members: 
 
Name of the Director Designation Nature of Directorship 
Mr. Brahma Ghosh Raval Chairman Independent Director 
Mr. Dahyalal Prajapati  Member Independent Director 
Ms. Preety Priya Ghosh Member Non-Executive Director 
 
===== PDF PAGE 33 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
The Company Secretary of our Company acts as a Secretary to the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee. 
 
The roles and terms of reference of the committee are in compliance with the Section 178 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 and rules made there under and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 as applicable. 
 
3. STAKEHOLDERS’ RELATIONSHIP COMMITTEE 
 
Our Company has formed the Stakeholders Relationship Committee as per Section 178 and other applicable 
provisions of the Act read with the Companies (Meetings of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014 (as 
amended) vide board resolution dated May 18, 2024. The constituted Stakeholders Relationship Committee 
comprises the following members: 
 
Name of the Director Designation Nature of Directorship 
Ms. Preety Priya Ghosh Chairman Independent Director 
Mr. Brahma Ghosh Raval Member Independent Director 
Ms. Mitali Dasharathbharthi Gauswami Member Chairman and Managing Director 
 
The Company Secretary of our Company is acting as a Secretary to the Stakeholders Relationship 
Committee. 
 
The roles and terms of reference of the committee are in compliance with the Section 178 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 and rules made there under and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 as applicable. 
 
AUDIT COMMITTEE RECOMMENDATIONS: 
 
During the year, all recommendations of Audit Committee were approved by the Board of Directors. 
 
COMPANY POLICIES: 
 
The Board of Directors of your Company, for the facilitating the company's Initial Public Offering (IPO) 
process has adopted the various policies as on 18th May 2025, as per the applicable Acts, Rules and 
Regulations and Standards of better governance and administration of your Company. Overview of the key 
policies, as approved by the Board of Directors is as follows: 
 
 Nomination and Remuneration Policy :  
 
===== PDF PAGE 34 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
The Company has formulated and adopted the Nomination and Remuneration Policy in accordance with 
the provisions of Companies Act, 2013. 
 
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee have formulated the criteria for appointment of Executive, 
Non‐Executive and Independent Directors on the Board of Directors of the Company and persons in the 
Senior Management of the Company, their remuneration including determination of qualifications, positive 
attributes, independence of Directors and other matters as provided under sub‐section (3) of Section 178 of 
the Companies Act, 2013 (including any statutory modification(s) or reenactment(s) thereof for the time 
being in force).  
 
 Corporate Social Responsibility ('CSR') Policy:  
 
This Policy sets out the role of the CSR Committee of the Board of Directors, which includes identification 
of the areas where the CSR activities will be performed, evaluation of CSR activities, review the CSR 
spending vis-a-vis the activities implemented and monitoring the process of CSR projects/ programs of the 
Company. 
 
 Risk Assessment & Management Policy:  
 
This Policy provides the framework for identification of risks of the Company, risk assessment and 
prioritization, loss prevention measures and other risk management measures for the Company. 
 
 Related Party Transactions Policy:  
 
This Policy regulates the entry into transactions between the Company and its related parties and the 
required corporate approvals as per the laws and regulations applicable to the Company from time to time. 
 
 Policy on Determination of Materiality of Event or Information :  
 
This Policy lays down the criteria for determining the materiality of an event or information of the Company 
for purposes of making required disclosures to the stock exchanges pursuant to the SEBI Listing 
Regulations. 
 
 Preservation of Documents Policy:  
 
This Policy establishes general guidelines for retaining, preserving and archiving important documents and 
information. The Archival Policy forms part of the Records Management Policy. 
 
 Code of Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading: 
 
Pursuant to the SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015, your Company has framed a Code 
of Conduct on prohibition of insider trading. 
 
===== PDF PAGE 35 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
 Dividend Distribution Policy :  
 
This Policy sets the parameters & describes the internal and external factors which are considered by the 
Board of Directors for the purpose of declaration of dividend. 
 
The aforesaid Policies and other Remaining Policies adopted by the board are available in the Investors 
Section on the website of the Company at www.prizor.in.   
 
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR): 
 
The Company does not fulfill the criteria of Corporate Social Responsibility hence Company is not required to make disclosures as per Rule 9 of Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 during the year. 
 
EVALUATION OF THE PERFORMANCE OF THE BOARD, COMMITTEES AND 
INDIVIDUAL DIRECTORS: 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 the Board has carried out the annual evaluation of 
the performance of the Board as a whole, Individual Directors including Independent Directors, Non‐
Independent Directors, Chairperson and the Board Committees. A structured questionnaire was prepared 
after taking into consideration the inputs received from the Directors, covering various aspects of the 
Board's functioning such as adequacy of the composition of the Board and its Committees, Meetings of the 
board, functioning of the board, effectiveness of board processes, Board culture, execution and 
performance of specific duties, obligations and governance. The exercise was also carried out to evaluate 
the performance of individual Directors including the Chairman of the Board, who were evaluated on 
parameters such as level of engagement and contribution, independence of judgment, safeguarding the 
interest of the Company and its minority shareholders etc. 
 
The performance evaluation of the Independent Directors was carried out by the entire Board excluding 
the director being evaluated. The performance evaluation of the Chairman and the Non‐Independent 
Directors was carried out by the Independent Directors who also reviewed the performance of the Key 
Managerial Personnel. The Directors expressed their satisfaction with the evaluation process. 
 
PARTICULARS OF LOANS, GUARANTEES OR INVESTMENTS UNDER SECTION 186:  
 
The Company has made an investment during the financial year 2024-25 and the particulars of loans, guarantees, or investment made under Section 186 of the Company Act, 2013 is given in Notes 13 of financial statements. 
 
 PARTICULARS OF CONTRACTS OR ARRANGEMENTS WITH RELATED PARTIES: 
 
During the FY 2024‐25, Company has entered into some transactions with related parties as defined under Section 2(76) of the Companies Act, 2013, which were in the ordinary course of business and at arms’ 
===== PDF PAGE 36 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
length basis. Further, the transactions were in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, read with rules framed thereunder and the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015. All transactions with related parties were entered with prior approval of the Audit Committee.  The details of the related party transactions as required under AS ‐ 18 are set out in Notes to the financial statements.  The Company has formulated a policy on related party transactions, the policy on materiality of Related Party Transactions and dealing with same is available on Company’s website at https://www.prizor.in/wp-content/uploads/2025/05/POLICY-ON-MATERIALITY-OF RELATED-PARTY-TRANSACTIONS-AND-ON-DEALING-WITH-RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS.pdf .  The detail disclosure of these transactions in Form AOC‐ 2 pursuant to Section 134 (3)(h) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 8(2) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 is set out as “Annexure ‐ 3”to this Report. 
 
AUDITORS: 
 
M/s. M B Jajodia & Associates, Chartered Accountants, having (FRN: 139647W) were appointed as 
Statutory Auditors of the Company at the AGM held on April 30, 2024 for a term of five consecutive years. 
 
The Notes on financial statement referred to in the Auditors’ Report are self‐explanatory and do not call 
for any further comments. The Auditors’ Report dated 28th May, 2025 is unmodified and does not contain 
any qualification, reservation or adverse remark. 
 
No fraud has been reported by the Auditors to the Audit Committee or the Board. 
 
SECRETARIAL AUDITOR: 
 
The Board has appointed M/s Insiya Nalawala and Associates, Practicing Company Secretaries to undertake the Secretarial Audit of the Company for the financial year 2024‐2025 pursuant to the provisions of Section 204 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 and the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 as amended. 
 
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT: 
 
The Secretarial Audit Report in the prescribed Form No. MR – 3 for the Financial Year 2024‐25 is annexed herewith as “Annexure ‐ 4” to this Report. The Secretarial Auditor has not reported any qualification, reservation or adverse remark or disclaimer in his report. 
 
COST RECORDS AND COST AUDIT: 
 
===== PDF PAGE 37 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
Maintenance of cost records and requirement of cost audit as prescribed under the provisions of Section 148(1) of the Act, are not applicable for the business activities carried out by the Company.  INTERNAL AUDIT & CONTROLS: 
 
The Company has appointed M/s. Ankit Gadiya & Associates, Chartered Accountant (FRN: 161171W), 
external firm as its Internal Auditor. During the year, the Company continued to implement their suggestions 
and recommendations to improve the control environment. Their scope of work includes review of processes 
for safeguarding the assets of the Company, review of operational efficiency, effectiveness of systems and 
processes, and assessing the internal control strengths in all areas. Internal Auditors findings are discussed 
with the process owners and suitable corrective actions taken as per the directions of Audit Committee on 
an ongoing basis to improve efficiency in operations. 
 COMPLIANCE WITH SECRETARIAL STANDARD:  The Company has complied with Secretarial Standards 1 and 2 issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India on Board meetings and General Meetings respectively.  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS REPORT:  As per requirements of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, a detailed review of the developments in the industry, performance of the Company, opportunities and risks, segment wise and product wise performance, internal control systems, outlook etc. of the Company is given under the head Management Discussion and Analysis Report, which forms part of this Annual Report.  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT:  
Your Company strives to incorporate the appropriate standards for corporate governance. However, 
pursuant to Regulation 15(2) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 the Company is not required to mandatorily comply with the provisions of certain regulations of the 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and therefore the Company 
has not provided a separate report on Corporate Governance, although few of the information are provided 
in this report of Directors under relevant heading. 
IMPLEMENTATION OF CORPORATE ACTION:  During the year under review, the Company has not failed to implement any Corporate Actions within the specified time limit.  THE DETAILS OF APPLICATION MADE OR ANY PROCEEDING PENDING UNDER THE INSOLVENCY AND BANKRUPTCY CODE, 2016 DURING THE YEAR ALONG WITH THEIR STATUS AS OF THE END OF THE FINANCIAL YEAR:   
===== PDF PAGE 38 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
Your Company neither made any application nor any proceeding pending under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 during the year.  DETAILS OF THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN THE AMOUNT OF THE VALUATION DONE AT THE TIME OF ONE-TIME SETTLEMENT AND THE VALUATION DONE WHILE TAKING A LOAN FROM THE BANKS OR FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS ALONG WITH THE REASONS THEREOF:   Your Company has not obtained any one-time settlement of loan from the Banks or Financial Institutions.  DISCLOSURES AS PER THE SEXUAL HARASSMENT OF WOMEN AT WORKPLACE (PREVENTION, PROHIBITION AND REDRESSAL) ACT, 2013:  The Company has adopted zero tolerance for sexual harassment at workplace and has formulated a policy on Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal of Sexual Harassment at workplace in line with the provisions of the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 and the rules thereunder for prevention and Redressal of complaints of sexual harassment at workplace.   The policy aims to provide protection to employees at workplace and prevent and redress complaints of sexual harassment and for the matters connected and incidental thereto, with the objective of providing safe working environment, where employees feel secure.   An Internal Complaints Committee has been set up to Redress complaints related to sexual harassment. During the Financial year 2024‐25, the company has not received any complaint of sexual harassment at workplace. Further, there was no complaint pending at the beginning of the year or at the end of the year.  VIGIL MECHANISM:  Your Company has established a Vigil Mechanism/ Whistle Blower Policy which is in compliance with the provisions of Section 177(9) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 4(2)(d)(iv) read with Regulation 22 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015. The policy enables stakeholders, including individual employees, directors and their representative bodies, to freely communicate their concerns about illegal or unethical practices, instances of unethical behavior, actual or suspected fraud or violation of the company’s code of conduct. The Policy provides adequate safeguards against victimization of Director(s)/ employee(s) and direct access to the Chairman of the Audit Committee in appropriate or exceptional cases. The Protected Disclosures, if any reported under this Policy will be appropriately and expeditiously investigated by the Chairman.  Your Company hereby affirms that no Director, employee or any other personnel has been denied access to the Chairman of the Audit Committee and that no complaint was received during the year.  
===== PDF PAGE 39 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
The Whistle Blower Policy has been disclosed on the Company’s website under the web link 
https://www.prizor.in/wp-content/uploads/2025/05/WHISTLE-BLOWER-POLICY.pdf and circulated to all the Directors / employees.  DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT:  Pursuant to the requirement clause (c) of sub-section (3) of Section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013, your Directors confirm that: 
 
(a) in the preparation of the annual accounts, the applicable accounting standards had been followed 
along with proper explanation relating to material departures; 
 
(b) the directors had selected such accounting policies and applied them consistently and made 
judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and fair view of the state 
of affairs of the company at the end of the financial year and of the profit of the company for that 
period; 
 
(c) the directors had taken proper and sufficient care for the maintenance of adequate accounting records 
in accordance with the provisions of this Act for safeguarding the assets of the company and for 
preventing and detecting fraud and other irregularities; 
 
(d) the directors had prepared the annual accounts on a going concern basis; and 
 
 (e)  The directors had devised proper systems to ensure compliance with the provisions of all applicable 
laws and that such systems were adequate and operating effectively. 
 CONSERVATION OF ENERGY, TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION AND FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND OUTGO:  The information pertaining to the conservation of energy, technology absorption, Foreign exchange Earnings, and outgo as required under Section 134 (3) (m) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 8 (3) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 are as follows: 
 
 (a) Conservation of energy 
 
(i) the steps are taken or impact the conservation of energy 
 
The Company has taken 
all the possible measures 
to conserve energy and 
utilize available alternate 
sources of energy. 
(ii) the steps were taken by the company for utilizing 
alternate sources of energy 
(iii) the capital investment in energy conservation equipment NIL 
 
(b) Technology absorption:  
===== PDF PAGE 40 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
 
(i) the efforts made toward technology absorption NIL 
(ii) the benefits derived like product improvement, cost 
reduction, product development, or import substitution 
NIL 
(iii) in case of imported technology (imported during the last 
three years reckoned from the beginning of the financial 
year) 
 
(a) the details of the technology imported NIL 
(b) the year of import; NIL 
(c) whether the technology has been fully absorbed NIL 
(d) if not fully absorbed, areas where absorption has not 
taken place, and the reasons thereof 
NIL 
(iv) the expenditure incurred on Research and Development NIL 
 
(c) Foreign exchange earnings and Outgo 
 
During the year company has incurred foreign exchange earnings and outgo as below. 
(In Thousands) 
Earnings INR - 2,493.60 
Outgo INR - 11,117.59 
 
PUBLIC DEPOSITS 
 
During the year under review, Company has not accepted any deposit within the meaning of Sections 73 
and 74 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Acceptance of Deposits) Rules, 2014. 
Further, Company does not have any deposit which is in violation of Chapter V of the Act. 
 
DETAILS IN RESPECT OF THE ADEQUACY OF INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS WITH REFERENCE TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS: 
 
The Company’s internal control systems are commensurate with the Company’s size and nature of the 
business of the Company with regard to manufacturing enabling it to safeguard assets, and prevent and 
detect frauds as well as other irregularities. All the transactions are properly authorized recorded and 
reported to the management. The Management is responsible for Company’s internal financial control over 
financial reporting and the financial reporting process. The Company is following all the applicable 
Accounting Standards for properly maintaining the books of accounts and reporting financial statement.  
 
WEBSITE 
 
As per Regulation 46 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015, the 
Company has maintained a functional website namely “www.prizor.in” containing basic information about 
the Company. The website of the Company is containing information like Policies, Shareholding Pattern, 
===== PDF PAGE 41 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
Financial and information of the designated officials of the Company who are responsible for assisting and 
handling investor grievances for the benefit of all stakeholders of the Company.
 
 
APPRECIATION: 
 
The Directors wish to place on record their appreciation to the banks to their continued cooperation and 
support. The Board of Directors also takes the opportunity to acknowledge the dedicated efforts of 
consultants and all others that have helped the management to run the operations of the company. 
 
Your Board of Directors also takes this opportunity to convey their gratitude and sincere thanks for the co-
operation & assistance received from the shareholders. The Board appreciates your confidence and 
continued support and looks forward for the same in future as well. 
 
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors, 
For, Prizor Viztech Limited 
 
 
Mitali D. Gauswami        Dasharathbharthi G. Gauswami 
                                                             DIN: 07712190                          DIN: 07712175 
     Managing Director                   Whole-time director and CFO 
Date:  May 28, 2025 
Place: Ahmedabad 
 
  
===== PDF PAGE 42 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
“Annexure ‐1” to the Board Report 
 
Information required under Section 197 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 5 of the 
Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 
 
A.  Ratio of remuneration of each Director to the median remuneration of all the employees of the 
Company for the Financial Year 2024‐2025 is as follows: 
 
(₹ in Lakhs) 
Name of Director Designation Total Annual 
Remuneration 
(Rs.) 
Ratio of 
Remuneration of 
Director to the 
Median 
Remuneration 
Mitali Dasharathbharthi 
Gauswami 
Managing Director 12 0.12 
Dasharathbharthi 
Gopalbharthi Gauswami 
Whole-time 
director 
12 0.12 
 
1. Independent Directors receiving only sitting fees for attending the board meeting. The sitting fees paid 
to Independent Directors is not covered in the above table. 
 
2. Median remuneration of the Company for all its employees is Rs. 139003/‐ per annum for the financial 
year 2024‐25. 
 
3. The aforesaid details are calculated on the basis of remuneration for the financial year 2024‐25. 
 
B. Details of percentage increase in the remuneration of each Director, Chief Executive Officer, Chief 
Financial Officer & Company Secretary in the financial year 2024-25 is as follows: 
(In Thousands) 
Name  Designation Remuneration (in Rs.) Increase 
(%) 
Decrease 
(%) 2024-2025 2023-2024 
Mrs. Mitali 
Dasharathbharthi 
Gauswami 
Chairman and 
Managing 
Director 
1200 1200 - - 
Mr. Dasharathbharthi 
Gopalbharthi Gauswami 
Whole-time 
Director and 
CFO 
1200 1200 - - 
Mrs. Hetaxiben Umang 
Bhatt 
CS 584 - - - 
 
 
Notes: 
===== PDF PAGE 43 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
 
1. Independent directors receiving only sitting fees for attending the board meeting. So, in the above table, 
sitting fees paid to independent directors are not considered.  
 
2. The remuneration to Directors is within the overall limits approved by the shareholders and as per 
Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013. 
 
C. Percentage decreased in the median remuneration of all employees in the Financial Year 2024-
2025: 27.98% 
 
D. Number of permanent employees on the rolls of the Company as on 31st March, 2025: 75 
 
E. Comparison of average percentage increase in salary of employees other than the Managerial 
personnel and the percentage increase in the managerial remuneration:  
 
Remuneration to Managerial Personnel (MD & WTD) is provided in point A of Annexure-1.  
 
The strength of employee has Increased by 92% in FY 2024‐25 compared to FY 2023‐24 and the Average 
salary of all employees other than Managerial Personnel is decreased by 18% in FY 2024‐25 compared 
to FY 2023‐24.  
 
F. It is hereby affirmed that the remuneration paid is as per the Remuneration Policy for Directors, 
Key Managerial Personnel and other Employees. 
 
G. Information required under Section 197 of the Companies Act, 2013, read with Rule 5(2) and 5(3) 
of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014: 
 
1. List of top ten employees in terms of remuneration drawn in FY 2024-25: 
 
Sr. 
No
. 
Name Designatio
n 
Remunerati
on Received 
(CTC)(PM) 
Qualificati
on 
Date of 
Appointmen
t 
Experien
ce 
Last 
Employme
nt 
(If any) 
1 Mitali 
Dasharathbhar
thi Gauswami 
Managing 
Director 
100000 M.B.A 10-02-2017 8 Years - 
2 Dasharathbhar
thi 
Gopalbharthi 
Gauswami 
Whole 
time 
director 
100000 M.B.A 10-02-2017 8 Years - 
3 Shaikh 
Mohammad 
Azeem 
Product 
Manager 
70000 B.A 01-06-2021 4 Years - 
===== PDF PAGE 44 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
4 Parmar 
Maniskumar 
Shivabhai 
Account 
Manager 
60000 M.B.A 20-06-2018 7 years - 
5 Vairagibava 
Kamleshvan 
Sarupvan 
Gem 
Executive 
55000 B.Com 12-09-2022 3 Years - 
6 Dave 
Rakeshkumar 
Pravinchandra 
Business 
Developm
ent 
Executive 
50000 M.SC 19-09-2022 3 Years Vmukti 
7 Navdeep 
Gulabbhai 
Soni 
Regional 
Sales 
Manager 
100000 S.S.C 01-03-2023 2 Years - 
8 Raval 
Sanjaykumar 
Balkrishna 
National 
Sales Head 
166666 B.Com 16-07-2024 8.5 
Months 
Aeronutrix 
Sports 
Products 
Pvt Ltd 
9 Vinit 
Kamalkishor 
Chhaniwal 
Senior 
ASM 
Retail 
62500 PGDBEM 05-08-2024 8 Months Qarmatek 
Services 
Pvt Ltd 
10 Hetaxi Bhatt Company 
Secretary 
50000 B,Com, CS 16-04-2024 1 Years - 
 
2. Employees employed throughout the financial year, was in receipt of remuneration for that year 
which, in the aggregate, was not less than one crore and two lakh rupees: 
 
There were no such employees who are in receipt of remuneration of one crore and two lakhs rupees 
and above throughout the financial year. 
 
3. Employees employed for a part of the financial year, was in receipt of remuneration for any part 
of that year, at a rate which, in the aggregate, was not less than eight lakh and fifty thousand 
rupees per month: 
 
There were no such employees who are in receipt of remuneration of eight lakh and fifty thousand 
rupees per month and above throughout the financial year. 
 
4. Employees employed throughout the financial year or part thereof, was in receipt of 
remuneration in that year which, in the aggregate, or as the case may be, at a rate which, in the 
aggregate, is in excess of that drawn by the managing director or whole-time director or 
manager and holds by himself or along with his spouse and dependent children, not less than 
two percent of the equity shares of the company: 
 
===== PDF PAGE 45 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
There were no such employees employed throughout the financial year or part thereof who was in 
receipt of remuneration in that year which, in the aggregate, or as the case may be, at a rate which, in 
the aggregate, is in excess of that drawn by the managing director or whole-time director or manager 
and holds by himself or along with his spouse and dependent children, not less than two percent of the 
equity shares of the company.  
 
The Board of Directors of the Company affirmed that remuneration of all the Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Company is as per the Remuneration Policy of the Company. 
  
5. Remuneration received by Managing Director from subsidiary company: 
 
There are only one subsidiary company of Prizor Viztech Limited, But no Remuneration Received by 
Managing Director. 
 
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors, 
For, Prizor Viztech Limited 
 
 
 
Mitali D. Gauswami        Dasharathbharthi G. Gauswami 
                                                             DIN: 07712190                          DIN: 07712175 
     Managing Director                   Whole-time director and CFO 
Date:  May 28, 2025 
Place: Ahmedabad 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
===== PDF PAGE 46 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
“Annexure ‐2” to the Board Report  Form AOC‐1 (Pursuant to first proviso to sub‐section (3) of section 129 read with rule 5 of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014) 
Statement containing salient features of the financial statement of subsidiaries or associate companies or 
joint ventures 
 
Part A – Subsidiaries 
(Information in respect of subsidiary to be presented with amounts Rs. In ‘000) 
 
S.no. Particulars Prizor Aitech India Limited 
1. The date since when subsidiary was acquired 09-10-2024 
2. Reporting period for the subsidiary concerned, if 
different from the holding company’s reporting period 
09-10-2024 to 31-03-2025 
3. Reporting currency and Exchange rate as on the last 
date of the relevant Financial year in the case of 
foreign subsidiaries 
INR 
4. Share capital 1000 
5. Reserves and surplus (41.97) 
6. Total assets 1,017.03 
7. Total Liabilities 1,017.03 
8. Investments 0 
9. Turnover 0 
10. Loss before taxation (51.04) 
11. Provision for taxation - 
12. Loss after taxation (41.97) 
13. Proposed Dividend 0 
14. Extent of shareholding (in percentage) 51% 
 
Notes: 
1. Names of subsidiaries which are yet to commence operations : None 
2. Names of subsidiaries which have been liquidated or sold during the year : None 
 
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors, 
For, Prizor Viztech Limited 
 
 
 
Mitali D. Gauswami        Dasharathbharthi G. Gauswami 
                                                             DIN: 07712190                          DIN: 07712175 
     Managing Director                   Whole-time director and CFO 
Date:  May 28, 2025 
Place: Ahmedabad 
===== PDF PAGE 47 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
“Annexure – 3” to Board’s Report 
 
FORM NO. AOC-2 
(Pursuant to clause (h) of sub-section (3) of section 134 of the Act and Rule 8(2) of the Companies 
(Accounts) Rules, 2014.) 
 
Form for Disclosure of particulars of contracts/arrangements entered into by the company with related 
parties referred to in sub section (1) of section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 including certain arm’s 
length transaction under third proviso thereto. 
 
1. Details of Contracts or arrangements or transactions not at arm’s Length basis 
 
Sr. 
No. 
Name(s) of the 
related party and 
nature of 
relationship 
Nature of 
Contracts/ 
Arrangements/ 
Transactions 
Duration of  
The Contracts/ 
Arrangements/ 
Transactions 
Salient terms of the 
contracts or 
arrangements or 
transactions 
including the value, if any 
Justification 
for 
entering into 
such contracts 
or 
arrangements 
or 
transactions 
Date(s) 
of 
approval 
by the 
Board 
Amount 
paid as 
advances, 
if any: 
Date on 
which the 
special 
resolution 
was 
passed in 
general 
meeting 
as 
required 
under 
first 
proviso to 
section 
188 
 (a) (b) (c) (d) (e) (f) (g) (h) 
NIL 
 
2. Details of contracts or arrangements or transactions at Arm’s length basis:  
 
(In Thousands) 
Sr. 
No. 
Name(s) of the 
related party 
and nature of 
relationship 
Nature of 
Contracts/ 
Arrangements/ 
Transactions 
Duration of  
The Contracts/ 
Arrangements/ 
Transactions 
Salient terms of the contracts 
or 
arrangements or transactions 
including the value, if any    
(in thousand) 
Date(s) of 
approval 
by the 
Board 
Amount 
paid as 
advances, 
if any: 
 (a) (b) (c) (d) (e) (f) 
1. Name(s) of the 
related party - 
Dasharathbharthi 
Gopalbharthi 
Gauswami 
 
Nature Of 
Relationship-  
Whole Time 
Director  
Directors' 
Remuneration 
On Yearly Basis 1,200.00 
 
15-04-2024 - 
2. Name(s) of the 
related party - 
Mitali 
Dasharathbharthi 
Gauswami 
 
Nature Of 
Relationship-  
Directors' 
Remuneration 
On Yearly Basis 1,200.00 
 
15-04-2024 - 
===== PDF PAGE 48 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
Managing 
Director  
3. Name(s) of the 
related party-  
M/S Prizor 
Aitech India 
Limited 
 
Nature Of 
Relationship-  
Subsidiary 
Company (51% 
Holding) 
Investment
  
- 510.00 09-10-2024 - 
4. Name(s) of the 
related party-  
Dasharathbharthi 
Gopalbharthi 
Gauswami 
 
Nature Of 
Relationship- 
Whole Time 
Director 
Loan Received 
From Directors
  
- 10,239.99  15-04-2024 - 
 
 
 
5. 
Name(s) of the 
related party-  
Dasharathbharthi 
Gopalbharthi 
Gauswami 
 
Nature Of 
Relationship- 
Whole Time 
Director 
 
 
 
Loan Repaid to 
Directors  
-  
 
 
25,751.19  
15-04-2024 - 
5. Name(s) of the 
related party- 
Mitali 
Dasharathbharthi 
Gauswami 
 
Nature Of 
Relationship- 
Managing 
Director  
Loan Received 
From Directors
  
- 2,361.80  15-04-2024 - 
6. Name(s) of the 
related party- 
Mitali 
Dasharathbharthi 
Gauswami 
 
Nature Of 
Relationship- 
Managing 
Director  
Loan Repaid to 
Directors  
- 9,156.50 15-04-2024 - 
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors, 
For, Prizor Viztech Limited 
 
 
Mitali D. Gauswami        Dasharathbharthi G. Gauswami 
                                                             DIN: 07712190                          DIN: 07712175 
     Managing Director                   Whole-time director and CFO 
Date:  May 28, 2025 
Place: Ahmedabad 
===== PDF PAGE 49 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
“Annexure-4” to Board’s Report 
                                                                    
Form No. MR-3 
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT 
 
For The Financial Year Ended March 31, 2025 
[Pursuant to section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule No. 9 of the Companies 
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014] 
 
To,  
The Members,  
Prizor Viztech Limited 
CIN: L26401GJ2017PLC095719 
514, Maple Trade Centre, Nr, Surdhara Circle,  
Thaltej, Ahmedabad-380054, Gujarat, India. 
 
I have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the 
adherence to good corporate practices by Prizor Viztech Limited. (hereinafter called the “company”). 
Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner that provided me a reasonable basis for evaluating the 
corporate conducts/statutory compliances and expressing my opinion thereon. 
 
Based on my verification of the Company’s books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other 
records maintained by the company and also the information provided by the Company, its officers, agents 
and authorized representatives during the conduct of secretarial audit, I hereby report that in my opinion, 
the company has, during the audit period covering the financial year ended on March 31, 2025 complied 
with the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that the Company has proper Board processes and 
compliance mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter: 
 
I have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained 
by Prizor Viztech Limited (“the Company”) for the financial year ended on March 31, 2025 according 
to the provisions of:  
 
(i) The Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and the rules made thereunder;  
 
(ii) The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’) and the rules made thereunder;  
 
(iii) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-laws framed thereunder;  
 
(iv) Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 (FEMA) and the rules and regulations made there 
under to the extent of Foreign Direct Investment; 
 
(v) The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board 
of India Act, 1992 (‘SEBI Act’): 
===== PDF PAGE 50 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
 
(a) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and 
Takeovers) Regulations, 2011 and circulars/ guidelines/Amendments issued there under;  
 
(b) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 
2015 and circulars/ guidelines/Amendments issued there under; 
 
(c) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2009 and circulars/ guidelines/Amendments issued there 
under; 
 
(d) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and circulars/ guidelines/Amendments issued there 
under; 
 
Other laws applicable specifically to the Company namely:-  
 
a) Information Technology Act, 2000 and the rules made thereunder;  
 
b) The Trade Marks Act, 1999 
 
I have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of the following:  
(i) Secretarial Standards issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India.  
(ii) The Listing Agreements entered into by the Company with National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited;  
 
During the period under review the Company has complied with abovementioned provisions of the Act, 
Rules, Regulations, Guidelines, Standards, etc.  
 
I have relied on the representation made by the Company and its Officers for systems and mechanism 
formed by the Company for compliances under other applicable Acts, Laws and Regulations as applicable 
to the Company. 
 
I further report that the Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with proper balance of 
Executive Directors, Non-Executive Directors, Independent Directors and Woman Director. The changes 
in the composition of the Board of Directors that took place during the period under review were carried 
out in compliance with the provisions of the Act.  
 
Adequate notice is given to all directors to schedule the Board Meetings, agenda and detailed notes on 
agenda were sent at least seven days in advance, and a system exists for seeking and obtaining further 
information and clarifications on the agenda items before the meeting and for meaningful participation at 
the meeting.  
 
===== PDF PAGE 51 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
All decisions of the Board and Committees were carried with requisite majority and captured in the 
Minutes. 
 
I further report that there are adequate systems and processes in the company commensurate with the 
size and operations of the company to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules, 
regulations and guidelines.  
 
I further report that during the audit period the following events occurred which had bearing on the 
Company’s affairs in pursuance of the above referred laws, rules, regulations, guidelines, standards, etc.: 
a. The company had come up with the Initial Public Offer (IPO) of 28,91,200 Equity Shares 
of Face value of ₹10/- each for cash at a price of ₹ 87 per equity share including a share 
premium of ₹ 77 per equity share aggregating to ₹ 2,515.34 lakhs. 
b. The company got listed on SME Platform of National Stock Exchange of India Limited on 
July 22, 2024. 
c. The Board of Directors at its meeting held on October 01, 2024, approved acquisition of 
51% stake in the equity shares of Prizor AITECH India Limited. 
 
 
 
Date: May 28, 2025 
Place: Ahmedabad 
For, Insiya Nalawala & Associates 
Company Secretaries 
 
 
 
Insiya Nalawala 
Proprietor 
M. No.: F13422 
C P No.: 22786 
Peer Review No.: 5443/2024 
UDIN: F013422G000472518  
 
Note: This Report is to be read with my letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure A forms an 
integral part of this report. 
  
===== PDF PAGE 52 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
Annexure A 
To,  
The Members,  
Prizor Viztech Limited 
CIN: L26401GJ2017PLC095719 
514, Maple Trade Centre, Nr, Surdhara Circle,  
Thaltej, Ahmedabad-380054, Gujarat, India. 
 
My report of even date is to be read along with this letter. 
1. Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of the management of the Company. My 
responsibility is to express an opinion on these secretarial records based on my audit.  
 
2. I have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance 
about the correctness of the contents of secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis, 
on the records and documents provided by the Management of the Company, to ensure that correct 
facts are reflected in secretarial records. I believe that the processes and practices followed by me 
provide a reasonable basis for my opinion.  
 
3. I have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and books of accounts 
of the Company.  
 
4. The compliance of the provision of corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards 
is the responsibility of management. My examination was limited to verification of procedures on 
test basis.  
 
5. Wherever required, I have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, 
rules and regulations and happening of events etc.  
 
6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor 
the efficacy or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company. 
 
Date: May 28, 2025 
Place: Ahmedabad 
For, Insiya Nalawala & Associates 
Company Secretaries 
 
 
 
Insiya Nalawala 
Proprietor 
M. No.: F13422 
C P No.: 22786 
Peer Review No.: 5443/2024 
UDIN: F013422G000472518  
===== PDF PAGE 53 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
 
OVERVIEW OF INDIAN ECONOMY 
 
India has consistently demonstrated robust economic growth, emerging as one of the fastest-growing major 
economies globally. This momentum is set to continue, with GDP projected to grow by 6.5% in FY25, 
fuelled by strong domestic demand, sustained infrastructure development, and proactive government 
policies. The International Monetary Fund (IMF) highlights that India’s GDP is expected to nearly double 
from Rs. 1,79,94,900 crore (US$ 2.1 trillion) in 2015 to Rs. 3,65,89,630 crore (US$ 4.27 trillion) by the 
end of 2025. With ongoing reforms and rising investments, India's growth story is compelling and trending 
on the global stage. 
 
Further strengthening this narrative, S&P Global projects India to become the world’s third-largest 
economy by 2030–31, surpassing Japan and Germany. This trajectory is underpinned by macroeconomic 
stability, a resilient external sector, narrowing fiscal deficit, easing inflation, and high consumption 
expenditure. Additionally, improving employment prospects and the government’s focus on long-term 
structural reforms are expected to play a key role in sustaining growth. Moreover, export performance has 
experienced remarkable growth over the past decade, reflecting the increasing credibility and demand for 
Indian products in the global marketplace. 
 
(Source IBEF India) 
 
OUTLOOK 
 
Looking ahead to 2025, the IMF has cut its forecast for the global economic growth to 2.8% following 
tariff measures being announced by the United States and countermeasures taken by its trading partners. 
Global growth is expected to recover to 3% in 2026. The United States and the Euro Area are expected to 
grow at 1.8% and 0.8% respectively. The emerging markets while impacted by the tariff shocks continue 
to be the growth drivers and are expected to grow by 3.7% in 2025 and 3.9% in 2026. On the bright side, 
easing inflation and stabilizing input costs could create a more favourable environment for margin 
expansion and strategic investments in many markets.  
 
The Union Budget 2025-26, themed "Sabka Vikas," focuses on balanced growth across regions. It 
prioritizes agriculture, MSMEs, investment, and exports as key growth engines. Initiatives include the 
Prime Minister Dhan-Dhaanya Krishi Yojana for agriculture, support for first-time entrepreneurs, and a 
push for domestic manufacturing through customs duty rationalization. The budget also emphasises 
education, healthcare, and infrastructure development, with plans for 50,000 Atal Tinkering Labs and new 
medical colleges. 
 
In the near future, India’s banking and financial sector is expected to thrive. Despite foreign investors 
booking profits in the capital market, the outlook remains largely positive for the country. As global 
conditions stabilise, foreign investors are expected to re-enter the market and capture the upcoming growth 
===== PDF PAGE 54 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
wave. The collective efforts invested over the past several years have laid a robust foundation, providing a 
sturdy platform upon which the framework of a middle-income economy can be built. 
1. INDUSTRY STRUCTURE AND DEVELOPMENT 
 
The IT sector has become one of the most significant growth catalysts for the Indian economy, contributing 
significantly to the country’s GDP and public welfare. The IT industry accounted for 7.5% of India’s GDP, 
as of FY23 and is projected to hit 10% by FY25. 
 
As innovative digital applications permeate sector after sector, India is now prepared for the next phase of 
growth in its IT revolution. India is viewed by the rest of the world as having one of the largest Internet 
user bases and the cheapest Internet rates, with 76 crore citizens now having access to the Internet. 
 
The current emphasis is on the production of significant economic value and citizen empowerment, thanks 
to a solid foundation of digital infrastructure and enhanced digital access provided by the Digital India 
Programme. India is one of the countries with the quickest pace of digital adoption. This was accomplished 
through a mix of government action, commercial innovation and investment, and new digital applications 
that are already improving and permeating a variety of activities and different forms of work, thus having 
a positive impact on the daily lives of citizens. 
 
Artificial Intelligence (AI) is seen as the economic multiplier of the century, projected to inject US$ 500 
billion into India’s GDP by 2025. According to a report published by Microsoft, consultancy firm Bain & 
Co, and industry body Internet and Mobile Association of India (IAMAI), India produces 16% of the entire 
world’s AI talent pool – the third highest in the world. 
 
India’s rankings improved six places to the 39th position in the 2024 edition of the Global Innovation Index 
(GII). 
 
Road Ahead 
 
As a Company, we are well-positioned to leverage India’s economic momentum by expanding our market 
presence, strengthening our digital and omnichannel strategies, and continuously innovating to meet 
evolving consumer needs. With a sharp focus on sustainability, efficiency, and consumer-centricity, we 
remain confident in delivering strong growth and long-term value creation in 2025 and beyond. 
 
Domestically, start-ups drive innovation, improving access to credit, raw materials, and markets. Aided by 
the deep technology ecosystem and the consistent policy push, many technology start-ups are digitising 
manufacturing and other services. The embedded service content of the non-service economic activities 
has increased significantly, as evidenced by the National Accounts Statistics. The post-production value 
addition in activities is also increasingly dependent on services like e-commerce, innovative packaging and 
advertisement and modern logistics services. 
 
(Source: Economic Survey Report 2024-25) 
 
===== PDF PAGE 55 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
2. OPPORTUNITIES AND THREATS 
 
OPPORTUNITIES: 
 
Company is pursuing a multi-dimensional growth strategy to deepen and broaden its market presence. By  
focusing on strategic accounts, we aim to drive higher value through deeper engagement, cross-sell, and 
upsell opportunities across our full portfolio. Additionally, there is a significant opportunity to go deeper 
with existing customers tailored to evolving enterprise needs. We are also acquiring new customers across 
industries in existing as well as newer markets through our sharpened go-to-market strategy. 
 
While AI adoption introduces risks such as data privacy and cybersecurity threats, we are actively 
mitigating these through intelligent security systems, AI studio and data governance. 
 
THREATS: 
 
Despite opportunities, there are significant factors presenting threats to our business viz: 
 
 Newly acquired entities and incubation-stage businesses require integration time and investments, 
which may temporarily dilute overall margins despite improving the long-term portfolio strength. 
 
 We operates in a global environment increasingly shaped by macroeconomic volatility and 
geopolitical tensions. Factors such as infrastructure disruptions, evolving regulatory frameworks, 
and trade restrictions can impact cross-border data flows, network reliability, and enterprise IT 
spending.  
 
 The regulatory environment is becoming increasingly complex, with stricter data sovereignty 
requirements, cross-border compliance obligations, and sector-specific regulations. These evolving 
mandates demand continuous adaptation and sustained investment in robust governance 
frameworks to ensure compliance, mitigate risks and maintain operational resilience across global 
markets 
 
3. SEGMENT-WISE / PRODUCT-WISE PERFORMANCE: 
 
The Company has delivered a satisfactory financial and operating performance for 2024-25. The total 
revenue is ₹ 7109.37 lakhs in FY 2024-25 as compared to 3565.41 lakhs in FY 2023-24. The Profit before 
interest and taxes stands ₹ 1491.05 lakhs for the FY 2024-25 as against ₹ 820.09 lakhs in 2023-24 on 
standalone basis. 
 
4. OUTLOOK FOR FY 2025-26 
 
• To provide solutions to our clients with a vision to maximize their growth by placing the highest 
importance on quality, professionalism, integrity and confidentiality. 
• To became leader in our industry. 
===== PDF PAGE 56 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
 
5. RISK AND CONCERN 
 
The Company’s ability to foresee and manage business risks is crucial in achieving favorable results. Risk 
management at our company is an integral part of the business, focusing to mitigate the adverse impact of 
risks on business objectives. The Company has laid down a well–defined risk management procedure 
covering the risk identification, risk exposure, potential impact and risk mitigation process. The Board 
periodically reviews the risks and suggests steps to be taken to control and mitigate the same through a 
properly defined framework. 
 
6. INTERNAL CONTROL SYSTEMS AND THEIR ADEQUECY 
 
The Company has an adequate internal control system adopted for operating procedures, policies and 
process guidelines. The guidelines are well-documented with clearly defined authority limits corresponding 
with the level of responsibility for each functional area. Further, the Company has budgetary control system 
to monitor expenditure against approved budgets on an ongoing basis. The Company’s robust internal audit 
programme which works to conduct a risk-based audit not only tests the adherence to laid down policies 
and procedures but also suggests improvements in the current processes and systems.  
 
7. DISCUSSION ON FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE WITH RESPECT TO OPERATIONAL 
PERFORMANCE 
 
The Financial performance of the company on Standalone Basis during the FY 2024-25 as compared 
to FY 2023-24 is as under: 
          (Rs. In Lakhs) 
Particulars 2024-2025 2023-2024 % of 
Increase/Decrease 
Gross Revenue from 
operations 
7109.37 3565.41 99.40% 
Profit Before Tax 1367.03 755.44 80.96% 
Profit after Tax 1015.26 552.07 83.90% 
 
Operational Performance 
 
The Company continued to focus on improving operational efficiency leading to better returns for the 
shareholders. Further, the company has significantly enhanced its operational performance by establishing 
prudent risk management framework. 
 
8. MATERIAL DEVELOPMENT IN HUMAN RESOURCES/INDUSTRIAL RELATIONSHIP 
FRONT, INCLUDING NUMBER OF PEPOLE EMPLOYED 
 
===== PDF PAGE 57 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
Human resource practices and policies at our company ensure that all employees, wherever they work, 
whatever their role is, are always treated equally, fairly and respectfully. We maintain consistent and 
transparent diversity policies. 
   
Our human resource team believes in personnel management, which involves planning, organizing, 
directing and controlling of the recruitment and resource management, training & development, 
compensation, integration and maintenance of people for the purpose of contributing to organizational, 
individual and social goals. 
 
People power is one of the pillars of success of company. As on 31st March, 2025 the Company employs 
75 employees. Going ahead, the Company aims to retain and develop the existing employees and align 
their goals with the common business vision and mission. 
 
9. THE DETAILS OF SIGNIFICANT CHANGES IN KEY FINANCIAL RATIOS 
 
During the financial year, the details of significant change in the key financial ratios i.e. change of more 
than 25% as compared to the previous year along with the detailed explanation is summarized below on 
standalone basis: 
 
Sr. 
No. 
Key Financial Ratios F.Y. 
2024-25 
F.Y. 
2023-24 
Changes in 
% 
Reasons for change 
1. Debtors Turnover 
Ratio (in days) 
 
6 6.05 -1% - 
2. Inventory Turnover 
Ratio 
3.32 4.19 -21% - 
3. Interest Coverage 
Ratio   
3.77 1.55 143% The change in ratio is 
due to increase in 
EBITDA and change in 
debt is lower for current 
year. 
4. Current Ratio (in 
times) 
 
5.08 1.75 190% The change in ratio is 
due to increase in 
Inventory level and 
Trade Receivable in 
current asset , 
whereas the change in 
current liabilities is 
lower. 
5. Debt Equity Ratio  
(in times)  
0.18 1.45 -88% The change in ratio is 
due to significant 
increase in 
===== PDF PAGE 58 =====
 
 
Annual Report 2024-2025 
shareholders fund in 
current year as 
compared to previous 
year. 
6. Operating Margin (in 
%)  
20.96 22.94 9.00% Due to cost of goods 
sold and operating 
expenses have 
increased 
proportionally more, 
thereby reducing the 
operating margin in 
current year. 
7. Net Profit Margin  
(in %)  
14.27 15.47 8.00% Due to increase in cost. 
 
The Return on Net Worth during the FY 2024-25 was 23.70% as compared to 82.79% in FY 2023-24. The 
decrease in the return on Net Worth is mainly due to increase in Shareholding and net income of the 
company. 
 
10. CAUTIONARY STATEMENT 
 
Statement made in the Management Discussion and Analysis describing the various parts may be “forward 
looking statement” within the meaning of application securities laws and regulations. The actual result may 
differ from those expectations depending upon the economic conditions, changes in Government regulation 
and amendments in tax laws and other internal and external factors. 
===== PDF PAGE 59 =====
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT 
 
To the Members of   
Prizor Viztech Limited 
Report on the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements 
 
Opinion 
  
We have audited the Standalone Financial Statements of Prizor Viztech Limited (“the Company”), 
which comprise the balance sheet as of 31st March 2025, and the statement of profit and loss and 
statement of cash flows for the year ended, and notes to the Standalone Financial Statements, 
including a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information. 
 
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the 
aforesaid Standalone Financial Statements give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013 
in the manner so required and give a true and fair view in conformity with the accounting principles 
generally accepted in India, of the state of affairs of the Company as on 31st March 2025, and its 
profit/loss and its cash flows for the year  then ended. 
 
Basis for Opinion 
 
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (SAs) specified under section 
143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013. Our responsibilities under those Standards are further described 
in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements section of our 
report. We are independent of the Company in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by the 
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India together with the ethical requirements that are relevant 
to our audit of the Standalone Financial Statements under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 
and the Rules thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with 
these requirements and the Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is 
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. 
 
Information Other than the Standalone Financial Statements and Auditor’s Report Thereon 
 
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the other information. Our opinion on the 
Standalone Financial Statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any 
form of assurance conclusion thereon. 
 
In connection with our audit of the Standalone Financial Statements, our responsibility is to read the 
other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent 
with the Standalone Financial Statements, or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise 
appears to be materially misstated. 
 
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this 
other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard. 
 
Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Standalone Financial 
Statements 
===== PDF PAGE 60 =====
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the matters stated in section 134(5) of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) with respect to the preparation of these Standalone Financial 
Statements that give a true and fair view of the financial position, financial performance, (changes in 
equity) and cash flows of the Company in accordance with the accounting principles generally 
accepted in India, including the accounting Standards specified under section 133 of the Act.  
 
This responsibility also includes maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the 
provisions of the Act for safeguarding of the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting 
frauds and other irregularities; selection and application of appropriate accounting policies; making 
judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and design, implementation and 
maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that were operating effectively for ensuring the 
accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation 
of the Standalone Financial Statements that give a true and fair view and are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.  
 
In preparing the Standalone Financial Statements, the Board of Directors is responsible for assessing 
the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to 
going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Board of Directors either 
intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.  
Those Board of Directors are also responsible for overseeing the Company’s financial reporting 
process. 
 
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Standalone Financial 
Statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to 
issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance 
but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect a material 
misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material 
if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic 
decisions of users taken on the basis of these Standalone Financial Statements. 
 
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain 
professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also: 
 
 Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the Standalone Financial Statements, 
whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, 
and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. 
The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one 
resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, 
misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. 
 
 Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit 
procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the 
Companies Act, 2013, we are also responsible for expressing our opinion on whether the 
company has adequate internal financial controls system in place and the operating 
effectiveness of such controls. 
 
===== PDF PAGE 61 =====
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of 
accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management. 
 
 Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of 
accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists 
related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability to 
continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required 
to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the Standalone Financial 
Statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are 
based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future 
events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a going concern. 
 
 Evaluate the overall presentation, structure, and content of the Standalone Financial 
Statements, including the disclosures, and whether the Standalone Financial Statements 
represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation. 
 
 We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the 
planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant 
deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit. 
 
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant 
ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and 
other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, 
related safeguards. From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we 
determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the Standalone Financial 
Statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters 
in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, 
in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our 
report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the 
public interest benefits of such communication. 
 
Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter. 
 
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements 
 
1. As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020 (“the Order”), issued by the Central 
Government of India in terms of sub-section (11) of section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013, we give 
in the “Annexure A” statement on the matters specified in paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Order, to the 
extent applicable. 
 
2. As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, we report that:  
(a) We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our 
knowledge and belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit. 
(b) In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law have been kept by the Company so far 
as it appears from our examination of those books. 
(c) The Balance Sheet, the Statement of Profit and Loss, (the Statement of Changes in Equity) and the 
Cash Flow Statement dealt with by this Report are in agreement with the books of account. 
===== PDF PAGE 62 =====
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(d) In our opinion, the aforesaid Standalone Financial Statements comply with the Accounting 
Standards specified under Section 133 of the Act, read with Rule 7 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 
2014.  
(e) On the basis of the written representations received from the directors as on 31st March 2025 
taken on record by the Board of Directors, none of the directors is disqualified as on 31st March 2025 
from being appointed as a director in terms of Section 164(2) of the Act.  
(f) With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls over financial reporting of the 
Company and the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate Report in “Annexure 
B.” Our report expresses an unmodified opinion on the adequacy and operating effectiveness of the 
company’s internal financial controls over financial reporting.  
(g) With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule   
11 of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, in our opinion and to the best of our 
information and according to the explanations given to us:  
i. The Company does not have any pending litigations which would impact its financial position.  
 
ii. The Company did not have any long-term contracts including derivative contracts for which 
there were any material foreseeable losses. 
  
iii. There were no amounts which were required to be transferred to the Investor Education and 
Protection Fund by the Company.  
 
iv. (a) The management has represented that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, other than 
as disclosed in the notes to the accounts, no funds have been advanced or loaned or invested 
(either from borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or kind of funds) by the 
company to or in any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities 
("Intermediaries"), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that 
the Intermediary shall, whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities 
identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the company ("Ultimate 
Beneficiaries") or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate 
Beneficiaries; 
 
(b) The management has represented, that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, other than 
as disclosed in the notes to the accounts, no funds have been received by the company from 
any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities ("Funding Parties"), with the 
understanding whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the company shall, whether, 
directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner 
whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party ("Ultimate Beneficiaries") or provide any 
guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries, and 
 
(c) Based on such audit procedures that the auditor has considered reasonable and 
appropriate in the circumstances, nothing has come to the notice that has caused them to 
believe that the representations under sub-clause (i) and (ii) contain any material 
misstatement.  
 
v.         The company has not declared or paid any dividend during the year, hence provisions of  
      section 123 of the Companies Act, 2013 is not applicable.  
===== PDF PAGE 63 =====
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
vi  Based on our examination which included test checks, the company has used accounting    
              software for maintaining its books of account which has a feature of recording audit trail   
(edit log) facility and the same has operated throughout the year for all relevant transactions 
recorded in the software. Further, during the course of our audit, we did not come across 
any instance of the audit trail feature being tampered with. 
 
(h) With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with the 
requirements of section 197 of the Act, as amended, in our opinion and to the best of our information 
and according to the explanations given to us, the remuneration paid by the company to its directors 
during the year is in accordance with the provisions of the section 197 of the Act.        
    
 
 
For and on behalf of  
M B JAJODIA & ASSOCIATES 
Chartered Accountants  
Firm’s registration number: 0139647W 
 
 
 
Rushita Jajodia  
Partner  
Membership Number: 163923 
Peer Review No. 015630 
Place: Ahmedabad  
Date:28/05/2025 
UDIN- 25163923BMKQXF4521 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
===== PDF PAGE 64 =====
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Annexure A” to the Independent Auditors’ Report 
 
 
Referred to in paragraph 1 under the heading ‘Report on Other Legal & Regulatory Requirement’ of 
our report of even date to the Standalone Financial Statements of the Company for the period 01st 
April 2024 to 31st March 2025: 
 
1) In respect of the Company’s Property, Plant and Equipment and Intangible Assets: 
a) The Company has maintained proper records showing full particulars, including quantitative 
details and situation of Property, Plant and Equipment and has maintained proper records 
showing full particulars of Intangible Assets. 
b) The Property, Plant and Equipment of the company been physically verified by the 
management in a phased manner, designed to cover all the items over a period of Three years, 
which in our opinion, is reasonable having regard to the size of the company and nature of its 
business. Pursuant to the program, a portion of the fixed asset has been physically verified by 
the management during the period ended and no material discrepancies between the book’s 
records and the physical fixed assets have been noticed. 
 
c) According to the information and explanation given to us, the title deeds of the immovable 
properties (other than properties where the company is the lessee, and the lease agreements 
are duly executed in favour of the lessee) are held in the name of the company. 
 
d) The Company has not revalued its Property, Plant and Equipment (including Right of Use 
assets) or intangible assets or both during the year ended. 
 
e) According to the information and explanation given to us, no proceedings have been initiated 
or are pending against the company for holding any benami property under the Benami 
Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (45 of 1988) and rules made thereunder during the year 
ended. 
 
2) In respect of Inventory of the company:  
 
a) The management has conducted physical verification of inventory at reasonable intervals 
during the period ended, in our opinion, the coverage and procedure of such verification by 
the management is appropriate. As informed to us, any discrepancies of 10% or more in the 
aggregate for each class of inventory were not noticed on such verification. 
 
b) The company has not been sanctioned working capital limits in excess of five crore rupees 
during the period, in aggregate, from banks or financial institutions on the basis of security of 
current assets; and accordingly, provisions for the same is not applicable to the company. 
 
3) The Company has during the period ended, not made investments in, provided any guarantee 
or security, or granted any loans or advances in the nature of loans, secured or unsecured, to 
===== PDF PAGE 65 =====
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
companies, firms, Limited Liability Partnerships or any other parties except Investment in a 
Subsidiary Company namely Prizor Aitech India Limited. The company holds 51% of Share 
Capital of Prizor Aitech India Limited.  
 
4)  According to the information and explanation given to us, the company has no loans, 
investments, guarantees or security where provisions of section 185 and 186 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 are to be complied with. 
 
5)  The Company has not accepted any deposits or amounts which are deemed to be deposits 
under the directives of the Reserve Bank of India and the provisions of Sections 73 to 76 or 
any other relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the rules framed thereunder, 
where applicable. Accordingly, the provisions of clause 3(v) of the Order are not applicable 
and complied with by the company. 
 
6) To the best of our knowledge and belief, the Central Government has not specified 
maintenance of cost records under sub-section (1) of Section 148 of the Act, in respect of 
Company’s products/ services. Accordingly, the provisions of clause 3(vi) of the Order are not 
applicable. 
7)         
    a)     According to information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of 
the books of account, and records, the Company has been generally regular in depositing 
undisputed statutory dues including Goods and Services Tax, Provident Fund, Employees State 
Insurance, Income-Tax, Sales tax, Service Tax, Duty of Customs, Duty of Excise, Value added 
Tax, Cess and any other statutory dues with the appropriate authorities. According to the 
information and explanations given to us, no undisputed amounts payable in respect of the 
above were in arrears as of 31st March 2025, for a period of more than six months from the 
date on when they become payable. 
 
    b)  There are no dues in respect of Goods and Services Tax, provident fund, employees’ state 
insurance, sales-tax, service tax, duty of customs, duty of excise, value added tax, cess and any 
other statutory dues that have not been deposited with the appropriate authorities on 
account of any dispute. 
 
8)  According to the information and explanation given to us, company has no transactions, not 
recorded in the books of account have been surrendered or disclosed as income during the 
period ended in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (43 of 1961). 
9) 
a) In our opinion, the company has not defaulted in repayment of loans or other borrowings or 
in the payment of interest thereon to any lender during the period. 
 
b) Company is not declared wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or other lender. 
 
c) According to the information and explanation given to us, term loans were applied for the 
purpose for which the loans were obtained. 
 
d) According to the information and explanation given to us, funds raised on short term basis 
have not been utilised for long term purposes. 
 
===== PDF PAGE 66 =====
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
e) According to the information and explanation given to us, the company has not taken any 
funds from any entity or person on account of or to meet the obligations of its subsidiaries, 
associates or joint ventures. 
 
f) According to the information and explanation given to us, the company has not raised loans 
during the period on the pledge of securities held in its subsidiaries, joint ventures or associate 
companies 
10) 
a) The Company has raised funds by way of initial public offer dated 22/07/2024 of 28,91,200 
equity shares of face value of Rs 10/- each for cash at a price of ₹ 87/- per equity share 
including a share premium of ₹ 77/- per equity share (the "issue price") aggregating to ₹ 
2515.34 Lakhs ("the issue") and fund has been used for the purpose for which it has been 
raised. 
 
b) According to information and explanation given to us and on the basis of our examination of 
the records of the company, the company has made bonus issues of shares on 09/05/2024 of 
66,00,003 Equity shares during the period, and have complied with section 63 and other 
applicable provisions of the companies Act 2013. 
11)  
a) According to the information and explanation given to us, any fraud by the company or any 
fraud on the company has not been noticed or reported during the period ended. 
 
b) According to the information and explanation given to us, no report under sub-section (12) of 
section 143 of the Companies Act has been filed by the auditors in Form ADT-4 as prescribed 
under rule 13 of Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 with the Central Government. 
 
c) According to the information and explanation given to us, no whistle-blower complaints, 
received during the period ended by the company 
 
12) Company is not a Nidhi company; accordingly, provisions of the Clause 3(xii) of the Order are 
not applicable to the company 
 
13) According to the information and explanations given to us, we are of the opinion that all 
transactions with related parties are in compliance with Section 177 and 188 of Companies 
Act, 2013 where applicable and the details have been disclosed in the Standalone Financial 
Statements etc., as required by the Accounting Standards and the Companies Act, 2013. 
 
14)  According to the information and explanations given to us, the company has an internal audit 
system commensurate with the size and nature of its business. 
 
15)  According to the information and explanations given to us, we are of the opinion that the 
company has not entered any non-cash transactions with directors or persons connected with 
him and accordingly, the provisions of clause 3(xv) of the Order is not applicable. 
 
16)  According to the information and explanations given to us, we are of the opinion that the 
company is not required to be registered under section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 
1934 and the company is not a Core Investment Company (CIC) as defined in the regulations 
===== PDF PAGE 67 =====
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
made by the Reserve Bank of India, accordingly the provisions of clause 3(xvi) of the Order are 
not applicable. 
 
17) According to the information and explanations given to us and based on the audit procedures 
conducted we are of opinion that the company has not incurred any cash losses in the period 
ended and the immediately preceding financial year. 
 
18) According to the information and explanations given to us and based on our examination of 
the records of the Company, there has been no resignation of the statutory auditors during 
the year and accordingly this clause is not applicable.   
 
19) On the basis of the financial ratios, ageing and expected dates of realization of financial assets 
and payment of financial liabilities, other information accompanying the Standalone Financial 
Statements, our knowledge of the Board of Directors and management plans and based on 
our examination of the evidence supporting the assumptions, nothing has come to our 
attention, which causes us to believe that any material uncertainty exists as on the date of the 
audit report indicating that company is incapable of meeting its liabilities existing at the date 
of balance sheet as and when they fall due within a period of one year from the balance sheet 
date. We, however, state that this is not an assurance as to the future viability of the company. 
We further state that our reporting is based on the facts up to the date of the audit report 
and we neither give any guarantee nor any assurance that all liabilities falling due within a 
period of one year from the balance sheet date, will get discharged by the company as and 
when they fall due. 
 
20) In our opinion and based on our examination of books of accounts, the company has made 
necessary provision for liability toward corporate social responsibility in accordance with 
section 135 of the companies act. 
 
21) The reporting under clause (xxi) is not applicable in respect of audit of standalone Financial 
Statements of the Company. Accordingly, no comment has been included in respect of said 
clause under this report. 
 
 
For and on behalf of  
M B JAJODIA & ASSOCIATES 
Chartered Accountants  
Firm’s Registration Number: 0139647W 
 
 
 
Rushita Jajodia  
Partner  
Membership Number: 163923  
Peer Review No. 015630 
Place: Ahmedabad 
Date: 28/05/2025 
UDIN- 25163923BMKQXF4521 
 
===== PDF PAGE 68 =====
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Annexure B” to the Independent Auditor’s Report of even date on the Standalone Financial 
Statements of Prizor Viztech Limited 
 
Report on the Internal Financial Controls under Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) 
 
We have audited the internal financial controls over financial reporting of Prizor Viztech Limited as of 
31st March 2025 in conjunction with our audit of the standalone Financial Statements of the Company 
for the period ended on that date. 
 
Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls 
 
The Company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls 
based on the internal control over financial reporting criteria established by the Company considering 
the essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial 
Controls over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.  
 
These responsibilities include the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal 
financial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its 
business, including adherence to company’s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention 
and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the 
timely preparation of reliable financial information, as required under the Companies Act, 2013. 
 
Auditors’ Responsibility 
 
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal financial controls over financial 
reporting based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit 
of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting and the Standards on Auditing, issued by ICAI 
and deemed to be prescribed under section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013, to the extent 
applicable to an audit of internal financial controls, both applicable to an audit of Internal Financial 
Controls and, both issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. Those Standards and the 
Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to 
obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal financial controls over financial 
reporting was established and maintained and if such controls operated effectively in all material 
respects. 
 
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal 
financial controls system over financial reporting and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of 
internal financial controls over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal 
financial controls over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and 
testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the 
assessed risk.  
 
The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgement, including the assessment of the risks of 
material misstatement of the Standalone Financial Statements, whether due to fraud or error.  
===== PDF PAGE 69 =====
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis 
for our audit opinion on the Company’s internal financial controls system over financial reporting. 
 
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting 
 
A company's internal financial control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide 
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of Standalone 
Financial Statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting 
principles. A company's internal financial control over financial reporting includes those policies and 
procedures that  
 
(1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the 
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company;  
 
(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation 
of Standalone Financial Statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and 
that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations 
of management and directors of the company; and  
 
(3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized 
acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the 
Standalone Financial Statements. 
 
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting 
 
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls over financial reporting, including the 
possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to 
error or fraud may occur and not be detected.  
 
Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls over financial reporting to future 
periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial control over financial reporting may become 
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or 
procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
===== PDF PAGE 70 =====
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Opinion 
 
In our opinion, the Company has, in all material respects, an adequate internal financial controls 
system over financial reporting and such internal financial controls over financial reporting were 
operating effectively as at 31st March 2025, based on the internal control over financial reporting 
criteria established by the Company considering the essential components of internal control stated 
in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the 
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. 
 
 
 
For and on behalf of  
M B JAJODIA & ASSOCIATES 
Chartered Accountants  
Firm’s Registration Number: 0139647W 
 
 
 
Rushita Jajodia  
Partner  
Membership Number: 163923  
Peer Review No. 015630 
Place: Ahmedabad 
Date: 28/05/2025 
UDIN- 25163923BMKQXF4521 
 
===== PDF PAGE 71 =====
(In Thousands)
Particulars Note 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
I. EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  
(1) Shareholders’ Funds  
(a) Share Capital 3 1,06,912.03 8,000.00
(b) Reserves and Surplus 4 3,21,380.69 58,682.01
(c) Money Received against Share Warrants  - -
Total 4,28,292.72 66,682.01
(2) Share application money pending allotment  - -
(3) Non-current liabilities
(a) Long-term Borrowings 5 47,643.64 49,806.03
(b) Deferred Tax Liabilities (Net) 6 531.97 -
(c) Other Long term Liabilities - -
(d) Long-term Provisions 7 - 978.18
Total 48,175.61 50,784.21
(4) Current liabilities
(a) Short-term Borrowings 8 27,563.67 46,680.25
(b) Trade Payables 9
Total outstanding dues of micro and small enterprises 15,422.51 -
Total outstanding dues of Creditors other than micro and small enterprises 10,954.63 58,553.90
(c) Other Current Liabilities 10 3,474.34 4,151.76
(d) Short-term Provisions 11 34,091.60 19,389.50
Total 91,506.76 1,28,775.41
Total Equity and Liabilities 5,67,975.09 2,46,241.62
II. ASSETS
(1)Non-current assets
(a) Property, Plant and Equipment and Intangible Assets 12
       (i) Property, Plant and Equipment  82,705.71 20,246.46
       (ii) Intangible Assets  - -
       (iii) Capital Work-in-progress  18,634.41 -
       (iv) Intangible Assets under Development  - -
(b) Non-current Investments 13 510.00 -
(c) Deferred Tax Assets (net) 14 - 552.97
(d) Long-term Loans and Advances  - -
(e) Other Non-current Assets 15 1,040.00 10.00
Total 1,02,890.13 20,809.43
(2) Current assets
(a) Current investments - -
(b) Inventories 16 2,84,980.01 1,42,721.55
(c) Trade Receivables 17 1,57,443.47 79,634.19
(d) Cash and cash equivalents 18 1,314.59 158.60
(e) Short-term Loans and Advances 19 14,220.09 935.88
(f) Other Current Assets 20 7,126.81 1,981.98
Total 4,65,084.97 2,25,432.19
Total Assets 5,67,975.09 2,46,241.62
Significant Accounting Policies 2
As per our report of even date attached herewith 
For, M B JAJODIA & ASSOCIATES
Chartered Accountants
FRN No. 0139647W
Peer Review No. 015630
Dasharathbharthi Gopalbharthi Gauswami Mitali Dasharathbharthi Gauswami
Whole Time Director & Chief Financial Officer Chairman & Managing Director
Rushita Jajodia DIN: 07712175 DIN: 07712190
Partner 
M.No. 163923
Place : Ahmedabad
Date: 28-05-2025 Hetaxiben Umang Bhatt
UDIN: 25163923BMKQXF4521 Company Secretary
M.No. A-62718
For and on behalf of the Board,
Prizor Viztech Limited
CIN: L26401GJ2017PLC095719
Standalone Balance Sheet as at 31-Mar-2025
514, Maple Trade Centre, Nr. Surdhara Circle, Thaltej, Ahmedabad, Gujarat,India, 380054
===== PDF PAGE 72 =====
(In Thousands)
Particulars Note 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Revenue from Operations 21 7,10,936.86 3,56,541.02
Other Income 22 450.16 421.07
Total Income 7,11,387.02 3,56,962.09
Expenses
Cost of Material Consumed 23 55,265.51 1,76,797.76
Purchases of Stock in Trade 24 6,28,290.88 1,17,670.21
Change in Inventories of Finished Goods 25 (1,62,455.62) (41,228.40)
Employee Benefit Expenses 26 17,257.93 13,917.22
Finance Costs 27 12,401.64 6,465.45
Depreciation and Amortization Expenses 12 1,661.81 496.87
Other Expenses 28 22,262.01 7,299.61
Total expenses 5,74,684.17 2,81,418.72
Profit/(Loss) before Exceptional and Extraordinary Item and Tax 1,36,702.85 75,543.37
Exceptional Item - -
Profit/(Loss) before Extraordinary Item and Tax 1,36,702.85 75,543.37
Extraordinary Item - -
Profit/(Loss) before Tax 1,36,702.85 75,543.37
Tax Expenses
   - Current Tax 34,091.60 20,600.57
   - Deferred Tax 1,084.94 (263.82)
   - MAT Credit Entitlement - -
   - Prior Period Taxes - -
   - Excess/Short Provision Written back/off - -
Profit/(Loss) for the Period from Continuing Operations 1,01,526.31 55,206.62
Profit/(loss) from Discontinuing Operation (before tax) - -
Tax Expenses of Discountinuing Operation - -
Profit/(loss) from Discontinuing Operation (after tax) - -
Profit/(Loss) for the period 1,01,526.31 55,206.62
Earnings Per Share (Face Value per Share Rs.10 each)
           -Basic (In Rs) 10.40 7.46
           -Diluted (In Rs) 10.40 7.46
As per our report of even date attached herewith 
For, M B JAJODIA & ASSOCIATES
Chartered Accountants
FRN No. 0139647W For and on behalf of the Board,
Peer Review No. 015630
Dasharathbharthi Gopalbharthi Gauswami Mitali Dasharathbharthi Gauswami
Whole Time Director & Chief Financial Officer Chairman & Managing Director
Rushita Jajodia DIN: 07712175 DIN: 07712190
Partner 
M.No. 163923
Place : Ahmedabad
Date: 28-05-2025 Hetaxiben Umang Bhatt
UDIN: 25163923BMKQXF4521 Company Secretary
M.No. A-62718
Prizor Viztech Limited
CIN: L26401GJ2017PLC095719
 Standalone Statement of Profit and loss for the Year Ended 31-Mar-2025
514, Maple Trade Centre, Nr. Surdhara Circle, Thaltej, Ahmedabad, Gujarat,India, 380054
===== PDF PAGE 73 =====
(In Thousands)
Particulars Note 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
( A )  CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit Before Tax and Extra ordinary Items 1,36,702.85 75,543.37
Adjustments for:
Depreciation and Amortisation Expense 1,661.81 496.87
Interest Received - -
Finance Costs 12,401.64 6,465.45
Adjustments in R&S - (0.30)
Operating Profit before working capital changes 1,50,766.31 82,505.39
Changes in Working Capital
(Increase)/Decrease in Trade Receivables (77,809.28) (41,361.14)
(Increase)/Decrease in Inventories (1,42,258.46) (1,15,009.50)
(Increase)/Decrease in Short Term Loans and Advances (13,284.21) (935.88)
(Increase)/Decrease in Other Current Asset (5,144.83) (1,981.98)
Increase/(Decrease) in Trade Payables (32,176.76) 58,039.69
Increase/(Decrease) in Other Current liabilities (677.42) 482.90
Increase/(Decrease) in Long Term Provision (978.18) 978.18
Cash (Used in)/Generated from Operating Activities (1,21,562.83) (17,282.34)
Less :-  Income Tax paid(Net) 19,389.50 920.00
Net Cash (Used in)/Generated from Operating Activities (1,40,952.33) (18,202.34)
Extraordinary items - -
Net cash generated from / (used in) Operating Activities………A (1,40,952.33) (18,202.34)
( B )  CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
(Purchase) of Property, Plant and Equipment and Capital Work-in-progress (82,755.48) (18,620.08)
Increase/(Decrease) in other Non-Current Investment (510.00) -
Increase/(Decrease) in other Non-Current Asset (1,030.00) 383.40
Net cash generated from / (used in) Investing Activities………B (84,295.48) (18,236.68)
( C )  CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Proceeds from issue of Share Capital 2,51,534.40 -
Less:- Issue Cost (21,450.00) -
Net Proceeds from Issue of Share Capital 2,30,084.40 -
Proceeds from conversion of loan to Share Capital 30,000.00 -
Increase/(Decrease) in Long Term Borrowings (2,162.39) 18,151.25
Increase/(Decrease) in Short Term Borrowings (19,116.58) 24,131.52
Interest and Finance Charges Paid (12,401.64) (6,465.45)
Net cash generated from / (used in) Financing Activities…………C 2,26,403.79 35,817.31
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents (A+B+C) 1,155.99 (621.71)
Opening Balance of Cash and Cash Equivalents 158.60 780.31
Closing Balance of Cash and Cash Equivalents 1,314.59 158.60
Prizor Viztech Limited
514, Maple Trade Centre, Nr. Surdhara Circle, Thaltej, Ahmedabad, Gujarat,India, 380054
CIN: L26401GJ2017PLC095719
Standalone Cash Flow Statement for the year ended 31-Mar-2025
===== PDF PAGE 74 =====
Components of cash and cash equivalents 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Cash on hand 917.03 123.22
Cheques, drafts on hand - -
Balances with banks in current accounts 397.56 35.38
Bank Deposit having maturity of less than 3 months - -
Cash and cash equivalents as per Cash Flow Statement 1,314.59 158.60
Note:
As per our report of even date attached herewith 
For, M B JAJODIA & ASSOCIATES
Chartered Accountants
FRN No. 0139647W
Peer Review No. 015630
Dasharathbharthi Gopalbharthi Gauswami Mitali Dasharathbharthi Gauswami
Whole Time Director & Chief Financial Officer Chairman & Managing Director
Rushita Jajodia DIN: 07712175 DIN: 07712190
Partner 
M.No. 163923
Place : Ahmedabad
Date: 28-05-2025 Hetaxiben Umang Bhatt
UDIN: 25163923BMKQXF4521 Company Secretary
M.No. A-62718
For and on behalf of the Board,
The above Cash Flow Statement has been prepared under the ‘Indirect Method’ as set out in the Accounting Standard 3 (AS-3), “Cash Flow
Statements”.
===== PDF PAGE 75 =====
Prizor Viztech Limited
 CIN: L26401GJ2017PLC095719
 
1 COMPANY INFORMATION
2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
a Basis of Preparation
b Significant accounting judgements, accounting estimates and assumptions
c Property, Plant and Equipment
Capital Work in Progress (CWIP)
d Intangible assets
e Depreciation and Amortization
f Impairment of assets
g Leases
h Inventories
514, Maple Trade Centre, Nr. Surdhara Circle, Thaltej, Ahmedabad, Gujarat,India, 380054
Assets taken on lease by the Company in its capacity as lessee, where the Company has substantially all the risks and rewards of
ownership are classified as finance lease. Such a lease is capitalised at the inception of the lease at lower of the fair value or the present
value of the minimum lease payments and a liability is recognised for an equivalent amount. Each lease rental paid is allocated between
the liability and the interest cost so as to obtain a constant periodic rate of interest on the outstanding liability for each year.
Lease arrangements where the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an asset substantially vest with the lessor, are recognised as
operating leases. Lease rentals under operating leases are recognised in the statement of profit and loss on a straight-line basis.
Notes forming part of the Financial Statements
Prizor Viztech Limited (the ‘Company’) was originally incorporated on 10th February 2017 under name Prizor Viztech Private Limited. Our
Company is engaged in the business of providing security and surveillance solutions by offering comprehensive range of CCTV cameras and
interactive touch panels which serves different verticals like retail, government, educational and infrastructure, among others. The
registered office address of the Company is 514, Maple Trade Centre, Nr. Surdhara Circle, Thaltej, Ahmedabad, Ahmedbad, Gujarat,India,
380054. 
At each balance sheet date, the management reviews the carrying amounts of its assets included in each cash generating unit to
determine whether there is any indication that those assets were impaired. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the
asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of impairment. Recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s net selling price and
value in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows expected from the continuing use of the asset and from its disposal
are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects the current market assessments of time value of money
and the risks specific to the asset. Reversal of impairment loss is recognised as income in the statement of profit and loss.
Property, Plant and Equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation / amortisation. Costs include all expenses incurred to
bring the asset to its present location and condition.
These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in India (‘Indian GAAP’)
to comply with the Accounting Standards specified under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013, as applicable. The financial statements
have been prepared under the historical cost convention on accrual basis, except for certain financial instruments which are measured at
fair value.
The preparation of financial statements requires management to make certain judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities (including contingent liabilities) and the accompanying disclosures.
Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis.
Depreciation has been provided on the Fixed Asset on the WDV method and in accordance with the useful life of the Asset as prescribed
under Schedule II of the Companies Act, 2013.
Raw materials are carried at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined on a weighted average basis. Purchased goods-
in-transit are carried at cost. Work-in-progress is carried at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Stores and spare parts are carried at
lower of cost and net realisable value. Finished goods produced or purchased by the Company are carried at lower of cost and net
realisable value. Cost includes direct material and labour cost and a proportion of manufacturing overheads.
Intangible assets are stated at cost, less accumulated amortisation. Costs include all expenses incurred to bring the asset to its present
condition.
Cost of assets not ready for intended use, as on the balance sheet date, is shown as CWIP. CWIP is stated at cost, net of accumulated 
impairment loss, if any. 
Advances given towards acquisition of assets (including CWIP) and outstanding at each balance sheet date are disclosed appropriately.
===== PDF PAGE 76 =====
    
    
    
    
i Cash and cash equivalents
j Borrowing Cost
k Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets
l Revenue recognition
m Employee Benefit Expense
Post-employment benefit plans
Other employee benefits
n Foreign currency transactions
o Taxation
The valuation for inventories is as follows;
Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of a qualifying asset that necessarily takes a substantial
period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale are capitalised as part of the cost of the asset. Borrowing costs consist of interest
and transaction costs that an entity incurs in connection with the borrowing of funds.
Contributions to defined contribution retirement benefit schemes are recognised as expense when employees have rendered services
entitling them to such benefits.
Finished Goods
Revenue is recognised on the delivery of goods. Revenue is reported net of discount. Revenue in case of sale of services are recognised on
the basis of performance of service.
At lower of cost or net realizable value.
Classification Valuation Policy
Compensated absences which are not expected to occur within twelve months after the end of the period in which the employee renders
the related services are recognised as an actuarially determined liability at the present value of the defined benefit obligation at the
balance sheet date.
Provisions are recognised for when the Company has at present, legal or contractual obligation as a result of past events, only if it is
probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic outgo or loss will be required and if the amount involved can be measured
reliably.
Contingent liabilities being a possible obligation as a result of past events, the existence of which will be confirmed only by the occurrence
or non occurrence of one or more future events not wholly in control of the Company are not recognised in the accounts. The nature of
such liabilities and an estimate of its financial effect are disclosed in notes to the financial statements.
Contingent assets are not recognised in the financial statements. The nature of such assets and an estimate of its financial effect are
disclosed in notes to the financial statements.
The retirement benefit obligation recognised in the balance sheet represents the present value of the defined benefit obligation as
adjusted for unrecognised past service cost, and as reduced by the fair value of scheme assets. Any asset resulting from this calculation is
limited to the present value of available refunds and reductions in future contributions to the scheme.
For defined benefit schemes, the cost of providing benefits is determined using the Projected Unit Credit Method, with actuarial
valuations being carried out at each balance sheet date. Actuarial gains and losses are recognised in full in the statement of profit and loss
for the period in which they occur. Past service cost is recognised immediately to the extent that the benefits are already vested, or
amortised on a straight-line basis over the average period until the benefits become vested.
At lower of cost or net realizable value.
WIP At Cost
Consumables At Cost
The undiscounted amount of short-term employee benefits expected to be paid in exchange for the services rendered by employees is
recognised during the period when the employee renders the service. These benefits include compensated absences such as paid annual
leave, overseas social security contributions and performance incentives.
The Company considers all highly liquid financial instruments, which are readily convertible into known amount of cash that are subject to
an insignificant risk of change in value and having original maturities of three months or less from the date of purchase, to be cash
equivalents.
Raw Material
Income and expense in foreign currencies are converted at exchange rates prevailing on the date of the transaction. Foreign currency
monetary assets and liabilities other than net investments in non-integral foreign operations are translated at the exchange rate prevailing
on the balance sheet date and exchange gains and losses are recognised in the statement of profit and loss. Exchange difference arising on
a monetary item that, in substance, forms part of an enterprise’s net investments in a non-integral foreign operation are accumulated in a
foreign currency translation reserve.
===== PDF PAGE 77 =====
p Earnings Per Share
As per our report of even date attached herewith 
For, M B JAJODIA & ASSOCIATES
Chartered Accountants
FRN No. 0139647W For and on behalf of the Board,
Peer Review No. 015630
Dasharathbharthi Gopalbharthi GauswamiMitali Dasharathbharthi Gauswami
Whole Time Director & Chief Financial OfficerChairman & Managing Director
Rushita Jajodia DIN: 07712175 DIN: 07712190
Partner 
M.No. 163923
Place : Ahmedabad
Date: 28-05-2025 Hetaxiben Umang Bhatt
UDIN: 25163923BMKQXF4521 Company Secretary
M.No. A-62718
The Company offsets deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities if it has a legally enforceable right and these relate to taxes on income
levied by the same governing taxation laws.
Deferred tax expense or benefit is recognised on timing differences being the difference between taxable income and accounting income
that originate in one period and is likely to reverse in one or more subsequent periods. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured
using the tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the balance sheet date.
Advance taxes and provisions for current income taxes are presented in the balance sheet after off-setting advance tax paid and income
tax provision arising in the same tax jurisdiction for relevant tax paying units and where the Company is able to and intends to settle the
asset and liability on a net basis.
Basic earning per share is computed by dividing the net profit or loss for the period attributable to equity shareholders by the weighted
average number of equity shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earning per share is computed by taking into account the
weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the period and the weighted average number of equity shares which would
      be issued on conversion of all diluƟve potenƟal equity shares into equity shares.
Current income tax expense comprises taxes on income from operations in India and in foreign jurisdictions. Income taxpayable in India is
determined in accordance with the provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961. Tax expense relating to foreign operations is determined in
accordance with tax laws applicable in countries where such operations are domiciled.
===== PDF PAGE 78 =====
Prizor Viztech Limited
514, Maple Trade Centre, Nr. Surdhara Circle, Thaltej, Ahmedabad, Gujarat,India, 380054
CIN: L26401GJ2017PLC095719
Notes forming part of the Financial Statements
Note No : 12 (In Thousands)
Particulars As at 01-Apr-
2024
Addition 
during the 
year
Ded/Adj 
during the 
year
As at 31-Mar-
2025
Up to 01-Apr-
2024
During the 
year
Ded/Adj 
during the 
year
As at 31-Mar-
2025
As at 31-Mar-
2025
As at 31-Mar-
2024
Property, Plant and Equipment
Plant & Machinery 177.46 - - 177.46 93.80 15.15 - 108.94 68.52 83.66
Land 18,833.87 - - 18,833.87 - - - - 18,833.87 18,833.87
Building - 57,475.66 - 57,475.66 - 377.21 - 377.21 57,098.45 -
Computers 644.18 381.93 - 1,026.11 529.11 118.20 - 647.31 378.80 115.07
Furniture and Fixtures 1,177.62 140.50 - 1,318.12 501.42 177.40 - 678.82 639.30 676.20
Office Equipments 981.67 329.43 - 1,311.10 444.01 297.42 - 741.42 569.68 537.66
Motor Vehicle - 5,793.55 - 5,793.55 - 676.44 - 676.44 5,117.11 -
Total 21,814.79 64,121.07 - 85,935.86 1,568.33 1,661.81 - 3,230.14 82,705.71 20,246.46
Capital Work-in-progress
Capital Work-in-progress - 18,634.41 - 18,634.41 - - - - 18,634.41 -
Total : 21,814.79 82,755.48 - 1,04,570.27 1,568.33 1,661.81 - 3,230.14 1,01,340.13 20,246.46
Previous Year Total 5,138.93 19,383.06 2,707.20 21,814.79 3,015.68 496.87 1,944.22 1,568.33 20,246.46 2,123.26
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
GROSS BLOCK DEPRECIATION / AMORTIZATION NET BLOCK
===== PDF PAGE 79 =====
3 Share Capital (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Authorised Share Capital
1,25,000.00 8,000.00
Issued Capital
1,06,912.03 8,000.00
Total 1,06,912.03 8,000.00
3.1
3.2
3.3
(i)Reconciliation of number of shares (In Thousands)
Equity Shares No. of shares (In Rs) No. of shares (In Rs)
Opening Balance 8,00,000           8,000.00 8,00,000                 8,000.00
Issued during the year
Initial Public Offer 28,91,200        28,912.00 -                           -
Conversion of Loan into Share Capital 4,00,000           4,000.00 -                           -
Bonus Issue 66,00,003        66,000.03 -                           -
Buy Back of Shares -                    - -                           -
Closing balance 1,06,91,203     1,06,912.03 8,00,000                 8,000                       
(ii)Details of Shares held by shareholders holding more than 5% of the aggregate shares in the company
Equity Shares
Name of Shareholder No. of shares In % No. of shares In %
Mitali Dasharathbharthi Gauswami 48,30,000        45.18% 720000 90.00%
Dasharathbharthi Gopalbharthi Gauswami 24,69,968        23.10% 79995 9.99%
(iii)Shares held by Promoters at the end of the year 31-Mar-2025
Name of Promoter Class of SharesNo. of Shares% of total shares% Change during 
the year
Mitali Dasharathbharthi Gauswami Equity Share 48,30,000              45.18% -44.82%
Dasharathbharthi Gopalbharthi Gauswami Equity Share 24,69,968              23.10% 13.11%
Prizor Viztech Limited
514, Maple Trade Centre, Nr. Surdhara Circle, Thaltej, Ahmedabad, Gujarat,India, 380054
Equity Shares 12500000, of Rs. 10 each
Equity Shares 10691203, of Rs. 10 each
Notes forming part of the Financial Statements
CIN: L26401GJ2017PLC095719
During the Year as on 09-05-2024, the company has issued 66,00,003 Equity Shares under Bonus issue.
The company has not declared any dividend to equity shareholders during the Year ended as on 31-Mar-2025. (P.Y. - Nil)
Equity Shares: The Company has one class of equity shares. Each shareholder is eligible for one vote per share held. The dividend 
proposed by the Board of Directors is subject to the approval of the shareholders in the ensuing Annual General Meeting, except in case 
of interim dividend. In the event of liquidation, the equity shareholders are eligible to receive the remaining assets of the Company 
after distribution of all preferential amounts, in proportion to their shareholding.
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
===== PDF PAGE 80 =====
(iv)Shares held by Promoters at the end of the year 31-Mar-2024
Name of Promoter Class of SharesNo. of Shares% of total shares% Change during 
the year
Mitali Dasharathbharthi Gauswami Equity Share 7,20,000                90.00% 0.00%
Dasharathbharthi Gopalbharthi Gauswami Equity Share 79,995                    9.99% 0.00%
4 Reserves and Surplus (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Reserve and Surplus
      Opening Balance 58,682.01 3,475.69
      Add: Transfer from P&L 1,01,526.31 55,206.62
      Less: Bonus Issue (40,000.03) (0.30)
      Closing Balance 1,20,208.29 58,682.01
Security Premium
    Opening Balance - -
Add: Security Premium From Conversion of Loan to Share Capital 26,000.00 -
    Less: Bonus Issue (26,000.00) -
Add: Security Premium From IPO Proceeds 2,22,622.40 -
    Less: IPO Expense (21,450.00) -
    Closing Balance 2,01,172.40 -
 Total 3,21,380.69 58,682.01
5  Long-term Borrowings (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
 Secured
From Banks 21,800.00 10,780.14
 Unsecured
Loans From Directors 16,719.99 39,025.89
From Banks 2,216.15 -
From NBFC 6,907.50 -
Total 47,643.64 49,806.03
6 Deferred Tax Liabilities (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Deferred Tax liabilities 531.97 -
Total 531.97 -
7 Long Term Provisions (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Provision for Employee Benefit
Gratuity Provision - 978.18
Total - 978.18
===== PDF PAGE 81 =====
8 Short Term Borrowings (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Loan Repayable on Demand 
From Banks 22,439.02 43,944.25
Current Maturities of Long Term Borrowing
From Bank 1,614.06 2,736.00
From NBFC 3,510.59 -
Total 27,563.67 46,680.25
9 Trade Payables (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Due to Micro and Small Enterprises 15,422.51 -
Due to others 10,954.63 58,553.90
Total 26,377.14 58,553.90
9.1Trade Payable ageing schedule as at 31-Mar-2025 (In Thousands)
Particulars
Less than 1 
year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 3 years
MSME 15,422.51 - - - 15,422.51
Others 10,954.63 - - - 10,954.63
Disputed dues- MSME - - - - -
Disputed dues- Others - - - - -
Sub total 26,377.14
MSME - Undue -
Others - Undue -
MSME - Unbilled dues -
Others - Unbilled dues -
Total   26,377.14
9.2Trade Payable ageing schedule as at 31-Mar-2024 (In Thousands)
Particulars
Less than 1 
year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 3 years
MSME - - - - -
Others 58,553.90 - - - 58,553.90
Disputed dues- MSME - - - - -
Disputed dues- Others - - - - -
Sub total 58,553.90
MSME - Undue -
Others - Undue -
MSME - Unbilled dues -
Others - Unbilled dues -
Total   58,553.90
Total
Total
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
===== PDF PAGE 82 =====
10Other Current Liabilities (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
    - Statutory Dues
ESIC Payable 9.71 -
PF Payable 50.47 34.40
Professional Tax 12.40 124.10
TDS/TCS Payable 556.81 472.27
    - Others
Advance Rec. From Customer 706.87 286.86
Other Payable - 2,500.00
Salary Payable 2,138.08 734.14
Total 3,474.34 4,151.76
11Short Term Provisions (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Income Tax Provision 34,091.60 19,389.50
Total 34,091.60 19,389.50
13Non Current Investments (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Prizor Aitech India Limited (Shares) 510.00 -
Total 510.00 -
Note:- Investment in the shares of Subsidiary Company.
14 Deferred Tax Assets (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Deferred Tax Assets - 552.97
Total - 552.97
15 Other non-current assets (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
    Security Deposits
Deposit with NSDL 10.00 -
Deposit with CDSL 10.00 -
Deposit with GEM 10.00 10.00
Deposit with Bajaj Finance Limited 1,000.00 -
    Other Deposit
Fixed Deposit with Bank having original maturity of more than 12 Month 10.00 -
Total 1,040.00 10.00
16 Inventories (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Raw materials 64,849.78 85,046.94
Finished goods 2,20,130.23 57,674.60
Total 2,84,980.01 1,42,721.55
Note:- Inventory is certified by the Management of the company.
===== PDF PAGE 83 =====
17 Trade Receivables
(Unsecured, considered good unless otherwise stated) (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Trade Receivables 1,57,443.47 79,634.19
Total 1,57,443.47 79,634.19
17.1  Trade Receivables ageing schedule as at 31-Mar-2025 (In Thousands)
Less than 6 
months
6 months- 1 
year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 3 years
1,49,613.82 7,829.65 - - - 1,57,443.47
- - - - - -
- - - - - -
- - - - - -
Sub total 1,57,443.47
Undue - considered good -
Undue - considered doubtful -
Provision for doubtful debts -
Total   1,57,443.47
17.2  Trade Receivables ageing schedule as at 31-Mar-2024 (In Thousands)
Less than 6 
months
6 months- 1 
year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 3 years
- 79,033.58 600.60 - - 79,634.19
- - - - - -
- - - - - -
- - - - - -
Sub total 79,634.19
Undue - considered good -
Undue - considered doubtful -
Provision for doubtful debts -
Total   79,634.19
18      Cash and Cash Equivalents (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Cash in Hand 917.03 123.22
Balance at Bank
In Current A/C 397.56 35.38
Cash and Cash Equivalents - Total 1,314.59 158.60
Total 1,314.59 158.60
Disputed Trade Receivables 
Disputed Trade Receivables 
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
Undisputed Trade 
Undisputed Trade 
Undisputed Trade 
Disputed Trade Receivables 
Disputed Trade Receivables 
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
Total
TotalParticulars
Particulars
Undisputed Trade 
===== PDF PAGE 84 =====
19      Short term loans and advances
(Unsecured, considered good unless otherwise stated) (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Others
Advance paid to Supplier for Plant and Machinery 11,566.64 -
Advance paid to Supplier Goods 2,284.46 506.88
Loans and Advance to Staff 368.99 429.00
Total 14,220.09 935.88
20 Other Current Assets
(Unsecured, considered good unless otherwise stated) (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
TDS/TCS Receivable 1,812.29 1,371.46
Gst Receivable 2,936.78 267.12
Prepaid Expenses 1,960.04 -
Rent Deposit 417.70 343.40
Total 7,126.81 1,981.98
===== PDF PAGE 85 =====
CIN: L26401GJ2017PLC095719
21 Revenue from operations (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Sale of Products and Services 7,10,936.86 3,56,541.02
Total 7,10,936.86 3,56,541.02
22Other Income (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Foreign Exchange Gain/(Loss) 120.07 -
Other Income 330.09 421.07
 
Total 450.16 421.07
23Cost of Material Consumed (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Opening Stock of Raw Material 85,046.94 11,265.80
Add: Purchases 31,400.97 2,46,575.13
Add: Direct Expenses 3,667.38 4,003.77
Less: Closing Stock of Raw Material (64,849.78) (85,046.94)
Total 55,265.51 1,76,797.76
24Purchases of Stock in Trade (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Purchases of Stock in Trade 6,28,290.88 1,17,670.21
Total 6,28,290.88 1,17,670.21
25 Change in Inventory (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Finished Goods
Opening stock 57,674.60 16,446.20
Less: Closing stock (2,20,130.23) (57,674.60)
Total (1,62,455.62) (41,228.40)
Total (1,62,455.62) (41,228.40)
Note :- Inventory is certified by Management of the Company.
Prizor Viztech Limited
514, Maple Trade Centre, Nr. Surdhara Circle, Thaltej, Ahmedabad, Gujarat,India, 380054
Notes forming part of the Financial Statements
===== PDF PAGE 86 =====
26Employee benefit expenses (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Bonus & Incentive - 72.56
Director's  Insurance - 1,000.00
Director's  Remuneration 2,400.00 2,400.00
Contributions to Provident Fund 316.74 152.38
Salary Expense 14,379.84 10,247.03
Staff Welfare Expense 161.34 45.26
Total 17,257.93 13,917.22
27Finance Costs (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Interest on Borrowings 8,545.66 4,421.33
Bank and Loan Processing Charges 3,855.98 1,857.05
Rate Fluctuations - 187.06
Total 12,401.64 6,465.45
28Other expenses (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Advertisement & Publicity 637.85 160.42
Asset Written Off - 67.22
Audit Fees 200.00 200.00
CSR Expense 550.00 -
Exhibition Expenses 2,264.14 347.95
Gst Interest and Late Fees Expense 1,142.20 -
Interest on Income Tax 1,806.42 -
Laboratory Testing Fee - 286.56
Miscellaneous Expense 6,251.67 854.65
Mca Fees Expense 1,234.25 -
Rent Expense 1,960.26 2,111.34
Power and fuel Expense 474.72 266.52
Professional and Legal Fees 3,614.17 1,415.49
Rates and Taxes 428.87 590.63
Repairs and Maintenance Expense 582.62 457.17
Telephone & Internet Expense 120.94 82.20
Travelling and Conveyance Expense 993.92 459.48
Total 22,262.01 7,299.61
Note :- Miscellaneous Expense includes Accommodation Charges, Additional Discount, Auto Expenses, Diwali Expense, Installation Charges, 
Interest On Tcs Late Payment, Interest On Tds Late Payment, Office Expenses, Printing & Stationery, Registration Expense, Software Installtion 
Expenses, Software Subscription Expenses, Stock Insurance Premium, Tea & Refreshment, Vat Registration, Vivo V-Shield Warranty and Web 
Site Hostling Charges etc.
===== PDF PAGE 87 =====
514, Maple Trade Centre, Nr. Surdhara Circle, Thaltej, Ahmedabad, Gujarat,India, 380054
29 Earning per share (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Profit attributable to equity shareholders (In Rs) 1,01,526.31 55,206.62
Weighted average number of Equity Shares (Absolute) 97,65,684 74,00,003
Earnings per share basic (Rs) 10.40 7.46
Earnings per share diluted (Rs) 10.40 7.46
Face value per equity share (Rs) 10.00 10.00
Weighted average number of Equity Shares
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Opening Shares 8,00,000 800000
Allotment during the Year 23,65,681           -                        
Bonus Issue 66,00,003            66,00,003           
Right Issue -                        -                       
Total 97,65,684 74,00,003
30 Auditors' Remuneration (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Payments to auditor as
 - Audit Fees 200.00 200.00
 - for Professional Services 3,796.00 -
Total 3,996.00 200.00
31 Related Party Disclosure (As per AS-18)
i) List of Related Parties
a Key management personnel ('KMP')
b Relative of Key management personnel ('KMP')
Gauswami Badrubharathi G
Chairman & Managing Director
Chief Financial Officer
Company Secretary
Related Party
Relative of Director
Dasharathbharthi Gopalbharthi Gauswami
Mitali Dasharathbharthi Gauswami
Dasharathbharthi Gopalbharthi Gauswami
Hetaxiben Umang Bhatt
10/02/2017
10/02/2017
07/05/2024
16/04/2024
Relation
Prizor Viztech Limited
CIN: L26401GJ2017PLC095719
Related Party Date of Appointment / Cessation Relation
Notes forming part of the Financial Statements
Whole-time Director
===== PDF PAGE 88 =====
c Related Entities
ii) Summary of transactions during the year/period: (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Dasharathbharthi Gopalbharthi Gauswami 1,200.00 1,200.00
Mitali Dasharathbharthi Gauswami 1,200.00 1,200.00
Gauswami Badrubharathi G - 105.00
Dasharathbharthi Gopalbharthi Gauswami - 695.40
Om Security Solutions - 35,482.60
Prizor Aitech India Limited 510.00 -
Dasharathbharthi Gopalbharthi Gauswami 10,239.99 -
Dasharathbharthi Gopalbharthi Gauswami 25,751.19 -
Mitali Dasharathbharthi Gauswami 2,361.80 -
Mitali Dasharathbharthi Gauswami 9,156.50 -
iii) Summary of outstanding balances at the end of the year/period: (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Dasharathbharthi Gopalbharthi Gauswami 12,064.86 27,576.06
Mitali Dasharathbharthi Gauswami 4,655.13 11,449.83
Mitali Dasharathbharthi Gauswami 50.30 170.20
Dasharathbharthi Gopalbharthi Gauswami 6,152.97 11,051.10
Om Security Solutions - 95.50
Note:-
Trade Receivable
Director Remuneration
Trade Payable
Loan Received From Directors
Loan Received From Directors
Loan Repaid to Directors
Loan Repaid to Directors
Subsidiary Company  (51% Holding)
Relative of Director
Director Remuneration
Sale of Goods
Related Party Relation
Type of Transaction
Prizor Aitech India Limited
Prizor Snacks Private Limited Group Company
Om Security Solutions
The Company has not given/ provided any guarantee/ collaterals for and on behalf of the aforementioned related parties.
No amount has been written off or written back during the year in respect of debts due from or to related parties.
No Loans or advances are granted to Promoters, Directors, KMPs and the related parties (as defined under the Companies Act, 2013), either 
severally or jointly with any other person that are repayable on demand or without specifying any terms or period of repayment.
Type of Transaction
Salary
Sale of Fixed Asset
Investment
Unsecured Loan
Unsecured Loan
Trade Payable
===== PDF PAGE 89 =====
32 Ratio Analysis
Particulars 31-Mar-202531-Mar-2024 Change in %
Note:
Reasons for Variances (If Variance is more than 25%)
Return on Equity Ratio The change in ratio is due to significant increase in shareholders fund in current year as compared 
to previous year, whereas change in net profit is slightly lower.
Net capital turnover ratio The change in ratio is due to increase in Revenue from Operation in current year as compared to 
previous year, whereas the change in working capital is slightly lower.
 Return on Capital employed The change in ratio is due to significant increase in shareholders fund in current year as compared 
to previous year.
 Trade payables turnover ratio The change in ratio is due to significant increase in Purchase and decrease in credit preriod in 
current year as compared to previous year.
   Net Profit   
6.00
3.32
1.755.08
0.18
(a) Current Ratio
Numerator/Denominator
   Current Assets   
3.77
0.41
(h) Net capital turnover ratio
(g) Trade payables turnover ratio
(f) Trade receivables turnover ratio
(e) Inventory turnover ratio
(d) Return on Equity Ratio
(c) Debt Service Coverage Ratio
(b) Debt-Equity Ratio
15.53
3.02
Earning available for Debt Service (EBITDA)
Debt Service
-88%Shareholder’s Equity
Average Shareholder’s Equity
Total Turnover
Average Inventories
Current Liabilities
   Total Debts   
12.33
Capital Employed = Tangible Net Worth + Total Debt + Deferred Tax Liability
Debt service = Interest & Lease Payments + Principal Repayments
Earning available for Debt Service = Net Profit before taxes + Non-cash operating expenses + Interest + other exceptional item
(j) Return on Capital employed
(i) Net profit ratio
0.70 -55%
14.27%
0.31
-8%
Debt Service Coverage Ratio The change in ratio is due to increase in EBITDA and change in debt is lower for current year.
Particulars Reasons
 Current Ratio
Debt-Equity Ratio
The change in ratio is due to increase in Inventory level and Trade Receivable in current asset , 
whereas the change in current liabilities is lower.
The change in ratio is due to significant increase in shareholders fund in current year as compared 
to previous year.
Total Turnover
   Earning before interest and taxes   
Capital Employed
5.21
15.47%
-71%
-21%
-1%
26%
-42%Average Working Capital
Average Trade Receivable
Total Turnover
Total Purchases
Average Trade Payable
Total Turnover
1.41Profit after Tax
4.19
6.05
1.45
190%
1.55 143%
===== PDF PAGE 90 =====
33 Disclosure Related to Micro and Small Enterprise (In Thousands)
Principal Interest Principal Interest
15422.51 -                     -                       -                       
-                                          -                     -                       -                       
-                                          -                     -                       -                       
34Earnings in Foreign Currencies (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Export of Goods 2,493.60             -                       
Total 2,493.60             -                       
35Value of imported and indigenous Materials, spare parts and components consumed (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-202531-Mar-2024
Materials
  - Imported 11,117.59           -                       
  - Indigenous -                       -                       
Total 11,117.59          -                       
36Others
i)
ii)
iii)
37 Title deeds of Immovable Property not held in name of the Company
38 Revaluation of Property, Plant and Equipment
The Company has not revalued its Property, Plant and Equipment (including Right-of-Use Assets) and Intangible assets.
39Capital-Work-in Progress (CWIP)
For Capital-work-in progress, following ageing schedule shall be given: (In Thousands)
Less than 1 year 1-2 Years 2-3 Years More than 3 
Years
Project in progress 18,634.41 - - - 18,634.41
* Capital-work-in progress(Refer Note no 12)
40Intangible assets under development:
The Company have no Intangible Asset under Development.
CWIP
31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Amount Due to Supplier
Principal amount paid beyond appointed date
Interest due and payable for the year
Particulars
In the opinion of Board of Directors, Current Asset, Loans and Advances are Approximately of the same value at which these are stated in 
the Balance Sheet, if realized in ordinary course of business.
Previous year figures have been regrouped and rearranged wherever necessary, to make them comparable with those of current year.
Trade Payables, Advances and Liabilities have been taken as per books, are subject to reconciliation/confirmation and consequential 
adjustments, if any.
The company does not have any immovable property (other than properties where the company is the lessee and the lease agreements are 
duly executed in favour of the company) for which title deeds are not held in the name of the company. Accordingly, the requirement to 
disclose details relating to title deeds of immovable properties not held in the name of the company is not applicable.
Amount in CWIP for a period of
Total*
===== PDF PAGE 91 =====
41 Details of Benami Property held
42The company has taken Borrowings from Bank on the basis of Security of Current Asset i.e Inventory. 
The quarterly statements of current asset i.e Inventory filed by the Company with banks are in agreement with the books of accounts.
43Contingent liabilities.
Currently, there are no contingent liabilities that should be reported in the financial statements of the company.
44Wilful Defaulter
The Company has not been declared wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or government or any government authority.
45Registration of Charge
46Arrangements and Amalgamations
47Compliance with number of layers of companies
48 Utilisation of Borrowed funds and share premium
49 Utilisation of Money raised through Initial Public Offer (SME IPO)
50Undisclosed Income
51  Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)
 Where the company covered under secƟon 135 of the companies act, the following shall be disclosed with regard to CSR acƟviƟes:-
Amount (In thousands)
550
550
-
-
Relief to Poor 
   (d)   Reason for Shortfall
The Company affirms that no proceedings have been initiated or are pending against it under the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 
and the rules made thereunder. The Company does not hold any benami property, nor has it been involved in any transaction that qualifies as 
a benami transaction as defined under the said Act.
The Company has raised funds by way of initial public offer dated 22/07/2024 of 28,91,200 equity shares of face value of Rs 10/- each for 
cash at a price of ₹ 87/- per equity share including a share premium of ₹ 77/- per equity share (the "issue price") aggregating to ₹ 2515.34 
Lakhs ("the issue") and fund has been used for the purpose for which it has been raised.
There is no income surrendered or disclosed as income during the current or previous year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax
Act, 1961, that has not been recorded in the books of account.
The company has complied with the number of layers prescribed under clause (87) of section 2 of the Act read with Companies (Restriction 
on number of Layers) Rules, 2017.
There are no Scheme of Arrangements placed before the Competent Authority in terms of sections 230 to 237 of the Companies Act, 2013 
for approval.
There are no charges or satisfaction yet to be registered with Registrar of companies (ROC).
   (e)   Nature of CSR Activities
   (b)   Amount of Expenditure Incurred
   (c)   Shortfall at the end of the year,
The Company has not received any fund (which are material either individually or in the aggregate) from any party(ies) (Funding Party(ies)) 
with the understanding whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Company shall, whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in 
other persons or entities identified in any manner by or on behalf of the Funding Party (Ultimate Beneficiaries") or provide any guarantee, 
security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
The company has one subsidiary namely Prizor Aitech India Limited which was incorporataed on 9th October 2024. The Company holds 51% 
Share capital of Prizor Aitech India Limited.
Particulars
   (a)   Amount Required to be Spent
           by the company during the Year
===== PDF PAGE 92 =====
52Segment reporting
53Virtual Currency Transaction
The Company has not traded or invested in crypto currency or virtual currency during the current or previous year.
As per our report of even date attached herewith 
For, M B JAJODIA & ASSOCIATES
Chartered Accountants
FRN No. 0139647W
Peer Review No. 015630
Dasharathbharthi Gopalbharthi GauswamiMitali Dasharathbharthi Gauswami
Whole Time Director & Chief Financial Officer Chairman & Managing Director
DIN: 07712175 DIN: 07712190
Partner 
M.No. 163923
Place : Ahmedabad
Date: 28-05-2025 Hetaxiben Umang Bhatt
UDIN: 25163923BMKQXF4521 Company Secretary
M.No. A-62718
Rushita Jajodia 
For and on behalf of the Board,
The group has single reportable business segment. Hence, no separate information for segment-wise disclosure is given in accordance with 
the requirements of AS 17 - Operation Segments.
===== PDF PAGE 93 =====
Details of Shareholders as on 31-03-2025
SR. NO NAME NO. OF SHARES % OF TOTAL SHARES
1 Promoters and Promoters Group Holding 7299989 68.28%
2 General Public Holding 3391214 31.72%
TOTAL 10691203 100.00%
For and on behalf of the Board,
Dasharathbharthi Gopalbharthi Gauswami Mitali Dasharathbharthi Gauswami
Whole Time Director & Chief Financial Officer Chairman & Managing Director
DIN: 07712175 DIN: 07712190
Hetaxiben Umang Bhatt
Company Secretary
M.No. A-62718
Prizor Viztech Limited
514, Maple Trade Centre, Nr. Surdhara Circle, Thaltej, Ahmedabad, Gujarat,India, 380054
CIN: L26401GJ2017PLC095719
===== PDF PAGE 94 =====
Prizor Viztech Limited
514, Maple Trade Centre, Nr. Surdhara Circle, Thaltej, Ahmedabad, Gujarat,India, 380054
CIN: L26401GJ2017PLC095719
Details of Directors as on 31-03-2025
Name 
Dasharathbharthi Gopalbharthi Gauswami
Mitali Dasharathbharthi Gauswami
Preety Priya Ghosh
Dahyalal Bansilal Prajapati
Brahma Ghosh Raval
For and on behalf of the Board,
Dasharathbharthi Gopalbharthi Gauswami Mitali Dasharathbharthi Gauswami
Whole Time Director & Chief Financial Officer Chairman & Managing Director
DIN: 07712175 DIN: 07712190
Hetaxiben Umang Bhatt
Company Secretary
M.No. A-62718
26/02/2024 Independent Director
10/02/2017 Managing Director
16/04/2024 Independent Director
26/02/2024 Independent Director
Date of Appointment Designation
10/02/2017 Whole-time Director
===== PDF PAGE 95 =====
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT 
 
To the Members of   
Prizor Viztech Limited 
Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements  
 
Opinion 
  
We have audited the Consolidated Financial Statements of Prizor Viztech Limited (“the Holding 
Company”) and its Subsidiary (together referred to as “the Group”), which comprise the consolidated 
balance sheet as of 31st March 2025, and the consolidated statement of profit and loss and 
consolidated cash flows statement for the year ended, and notes to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information. 
 
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the 
aforesaid Consolidated Financial Statements give the information required by the Companies Act, 
2013 in the manner so required and give a true and fair view in conformity with the accounting 
principles generally accepted in India, of the consolidated state of affairs of the Company as at 31st 
March 2025, and its consolidated profit/loss and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended. 
 
Basis for Opinion 
 
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (SAs) specified under section 
143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013. Our responsibilities under those Standards are further described 
in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our 
report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute 
of Chartered Accountants of India together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our 
audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and 
the Rules thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these 
requirements and the Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient 
and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. 
 
Information Other than the Consolidated Financial Statements and Auditor’s Report Thereon 
 
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the other information. Our opinion on the 
Consolidated Financial Statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any 
form of assurance conclusion thereon. 
 
In connection with our audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements, our responsibility is to read the 
other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent 
with the Consolidated Financial Statements, or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise 
appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there 
is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have 
nothing to report in this regard. 
 
 
 
===== PDF PAGE 96 =====
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
 
The Holding Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the matters stated in section 134(5) of 
the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) with respect to the preparation of these Consolidated Financial 
Statements that give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position, consolidated financial 
performance, (changes in equity) and consolidated cash flows of the Group in accordance with the 
accounting principles generally accepted in India, including the accounting Standards specified under 
section 133 of the Act. This responsibility also includes maintenance of adequate accounting records 
in accordance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding of the assets of the Company and for 
preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection and application of appropriate 
accounting policies; making judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and design, 
implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that were operating 
effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the 
preparation and presentation of the Consolidated Financial Statements that give a true and fair view 
and are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.  
 
In preparing the Consolidated Financial Statements, the respective Board of Directors of the 
companies included in the Group are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a 
going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern 
basis of accounting unless the management either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease 
operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.  
 
The respective Board of Directors of the companies included in the Group are responsible for 
overseeing the financial reporting process of the Group.   
 
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Consolidated Financial 
Statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to 
issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance 
but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect a material 
misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material 
if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic 
decisions of users taken on the basis of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain 
professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also: 
 
 Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the Consolidated Financial 
Statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive 
to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis 
for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is 
higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional 
omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. 
 
===== PDF PAGE 97 =====
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit 
procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the 
Companies Act, 2013, we are also responsible for expressing our opinion on whether the 
company has adequate internal financial controls system in place and the operating 
effectiveness of such controls. 
 
 Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of 
accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management. 
 
 Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of 
accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists 
related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to 
continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required 
to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the Consolidated 
Financial Statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our 
conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. 
However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a going 
concern. 
 Evaluate the overall presentation, structure, and content of the Consolidated Financial 
Statements, including the disclosures, and whether the Consolidated Financial Statements 
represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation. 
 
 We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the 
planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant 
deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit. 
 
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant 
ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and 
other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, 
related safeguards. From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we 
determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the Consolidated Financial 
Statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters 
in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, 
in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our 
report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the 
public interest benefits of such communication. 
 
Other Matters 
 
PRIZOR AITECH INDIA LIMITED was incorporated as a subsidiary of PRIZOR VIZTECH LIMITED on 9th 
October 2024 and therefore did not exist during the year ended 31st March 2024. Accordingly, the 
comparative figures for those periods relate solely to the Holding Company. 
===== PDF PAGE 98 =====
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
We have audited the financial statements of aforesaid subsidiary company. The accompanying 
Consolidated Financial Statements includes audited financial statements of a subsidiary which reflects 
total assets (before consolidation adjustments) of Rs. 10.17 lakhs as of March 31st, 2025, total revenue  
 
(before consolidation adjustments) is Nil, and total net loss is Rs. 0.42 lakhs for the year ended March 
31st, 2025, respectively and net cash flow (before consolidation adjustments) is Rs. 9.99 lakhs for the 
year ended on March 31st, 2025, as considered in the consolidated financial statements. 
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, and our report on other legal and regulatory 
requirements below, is not modified in respect of this matter. 
 
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements 
 
1. As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020 (“the Order”), issued by the Central 
Government of India in terms of sub-section (11) of section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013, based on 
our audit and on the consideration of the other financial information of the subsidiary company, There 
are no matters which requires reporting as specified as in paragraph 3(xxi) of the Order. The Holding 
Company did not have any associate company and did not exercise joint control over any entity. 
 
2. As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, we report that:  
 
(a) We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our 
knowledge and belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit of the aforesaid consolidated 
financial statements. 
(b) In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law have been kept so far as it appears from 
our examination of those books. 
(c) The Consolidated Balance Sheet, the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss, (the Statement of 
Changes in Equity) and the Consolidated Cash Flow Statement dealt with by this Report are in 
agreement with the books of account. 
(d) In our opinion, the aforesaid Consolidated Financial Statements comply with the Accounting 
Standards specified under Section 133 of the Act, read with Rule 7 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 
2014.  
(e) On the basis of the written representations received from the directors of the holding company as 
on 31st March 2025 taken on record by the Board of Directors of the holding company, and the reports 
of the statutory auditor of its subsidiary company, none of the directors of the Group is disqualified 
as on 31st March 2025 from being appointed as a director in terms of Section 164(2) of the Act.  
(f) With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls over financial reporting of the Group 
and the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate Report in “Annexure B.” Our 
report expresses an unmodified opinion on the adequacy and operating effectiveness of the Group’s 
internal financial controls over financial reporting.  
(g) With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule   
11 of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, in our opinion and to the best of our 
information and according to the explanations given to us:  
===== PDF PAGE 99 =====
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
i. There were no pending litigations which would impact the consolidated financial position of 
the Group.  
 
ii. The Group did not have any long-term contracts including derivative contracts for which 
there were any material foreseeable losses. 
 
iii. There were no amounts which were required to be transferred to the Investor Education and 
Protection Fund by the Holding company and its subsidiary.  
 
iv. (a) The management has represented that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, other than 
as disclosed in the notes to the accounts, no funds have been advanced or loaned or invested 
(either from borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or kind of funds) by the 
Holding company and its subsidiary to or in any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign 
entities ("Intermediaries"), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, 
that the Intermediary shall, whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or 
entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Holding Company and its 
Subsidiary ("Ultimate Beneficiaries") or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf 
of the Ultimate Beneficiaries; 
 
(b) The management has represented, that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, other than 
as disclosed in the notes to the accounts, no funds have been received by the Holding 
company and its subsidiary from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities 
("Funding Parties"), with the understanding whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that 
the Group shall, whether, directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or entities 
identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party ("Ultimate 
Beneficiaries") or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate 
Beneficiaries, and 
 
(c) Based on such audit procedures that the auditor has considered reasonable and 
appropriate in the circumstances, nothing has come to the notice that has caused them to 
believe that the representations under sub-clause (i) and (ii) contain any material 
misstatement.  
 
v.         The Group has not declared or paid any dividend during the year, hence provisions of  
             section 123 of the Companies Act, 2013 is not applicable.  
 
vi  Based on our examination which included test checks, the Group has used accounting    
              software for maintaining its books of account which has a feature of recording audit trail   
(edit log) facility and the same has operated throughout the year for all relevant transactions 
recorded in the software. Further, during the course of our audit, we did not come across 
any instance of the audit trail feature being tampered with. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
===== PDF PAGE 100 =====
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(h) With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with the 
requirements of section 197 of the Act, as amended, in our opinion and to the best of our information 
and according to the explanations given to us, the remuneration paid by the Holding Company and its 
subsidiary to its directors during the year is in accordance with the provisions of the section 197 of the 
Act.        
    
 
 
 
For and on behalf of  
M B JAJODIA & ASSOCIATES 
Chartered Accountants  
Firm’s registration number: 0139647W 
 
 
 
Rushita Jajodia  
Partner  
Membership Number: 163923 
Peer Review No. 015630 
Place: Ahmedabad  
Date:28/05/2025 
UDIN- 25163923BMKQXG7348 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
===== PDF PAGE 101 =====
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Annexure B” to the Independent Auditor’s Report of even date on the Consolidated Financial 
Statements of Prizor Viztech Limited 
 
Report on the Internal Financial Controls under Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) 
 
We have audited the internal financial controls over financial reporting of Prizor Viztech Limited as of 
31st March 2025 in conjunction with our audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Holding 
Company and its subsidiary (the Holding company and its subsidiary together referred to as ‘Group’) 
for the period ended on that date. 
 
Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls 
 
The respective Board of Director of the companies included in the Group is responsible for establishing 
and maintaining internal financial controls based on the internal control over financial reporting 
criteria established by the Holding Company considering the essential components of internal control 
stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting issued by 
the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. These responsibilities include the design, 
implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that were operating 
effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to 
respective company’s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds 
and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely preparation of 
reliable financial information, as required under the Companies Act, 2013. 
 
Auditors’ Responsibility 
 
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Holding Company's internal financial controls over 
financial reporting based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note 
on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting and the Standards on Auditing, issued 
by ICAI and deemed to be prescribed under section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013, to the extent 
applicable to an audit of internal financial controls, both applicable to an audit of Internal Financial 
Controls and, both issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. Those Standards and the 
Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to 
obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal financial controls over financial 
reporting were established and maintained and if such controls operated effectively in all material 
respects. 
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal 
financial controls system over financial reporting and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of 
internal financial controls over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal 
financial controls over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and 
testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the 
assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgement, including the assessment 
of the risks of material misstatement of the Consolidated Financial Statements, whether due to fraud 
or error.  
 
===== PDF PAGE 102 =====
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis 
for our audit opinion on the internal financial controls with reference to Consolidated Financial 
Statements. 
 
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting 
 
A company's internal financial control over financial reporting with reference to Consolidated 
Financial Statements is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability 
of financial reporting and the preparation of Financial Statements for external purposes in accordance 
with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal financial control over financial 
reporting with reference to consolidated financial statements includes those policies and procedures 
that 
  
(1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the 
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company;  
 
(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation 
of Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, 
and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with 
authorizations of management and directors of the company; and  
 
(3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized 
acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the 
Financial Statements. 
 
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting 
 
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls over financial reporting with 
reference to consolidated financial statements, including the possibility of collusion or improper 
management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not 
be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls over financial 
reporting with reference to Consolidated Financial Statements to future periods are subject to the risk 
that the internal financial control over financial reporting may become inadequate because of changes 
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
===== PDF PAGE 103 =====
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Opinion 
 
In our opinion, the Group has, in all material respects, an adequate internal financial controls system 
over financial reporting with reference to Consolidated Financial Statements and such internal 
financial controls over financial reporting with reference to Consolidated Financial Statements were 
operating effectively as at 31st March 2025, based on the internal control over financial reporting 
criteria established by the Holding Company considering the essential components of internal control 
stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by 
the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. 
 
 
 
For and on behalf of  
M B JAJODIA & ASSOCIATES 
Chartered Accountants  
Firm’s Registration Number: 0139647W 
 
 
Rushita Jajodia  
Partner  
Membership Number: 163923  
Peer Review No. 015630 
Place: Ahmedabad 
Date: 28/05/2025 
UDIN-25163923BMKQXG7348  
 
===== PDF PAGE 104 =====
(In Thousands)
Particulars Note 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
I. EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  
(1) Shareholders’ Funds  
(a) Share Capital 3 1,06,912.03 8,000.00
(b) Reserves and Surplus 4 3,21,363.73 58,682.01
(c) Money Received against Share Warrants  - -
Total 4,28,275.76 66,682.01
(2) Minority Interest 5 464.99 -
(3) Non-current liabilities
(a) Long-term Borrowings 6 47,643.64 49,806.03
(b) Deferred Tax Liabilities (Net) 7 522.90 -
(c) Other Long term Liabilities - -
(d) Long-term Provisions 8 - 978.18
Total 48,166.54 50,784.21
(4) Current liabilities
(a) Short-term Borrowings 9 27,563.67 46,680.25
(b) Trade Payables 10
Total outstanding dues of micro and small enterprises 15,422.51 -
Total outstanding dues of Creditors other than micro and small enterprises 11,013.63 58,553.90
(c) Other Current Liabilities 11 3,474.34 4,151.76
(d) Short-term Provisions 12 34,091.60 19,389.50
Total 91,565.76 1,28,775.41
Total Equity and Liabilities 5,68,473.05 2,46,241.62
II. ASSETS
(1)Non-current assets
(a) Property, Plant and Equipment and Intangible Assets 13
       (i) Property, Plant and Equipment  82,705.71 20,246.46
       (ii) Intangible Assets  - -
       (iii) Capital Work-in-progress  18,634.41 -
       (iv) Intangible Assets under Development  - -
(b) Non-current Investments - -
(c) Deferred Tax Assets (net) 14 - 552.97
(d) Long-term Loans and Advances  - -
(e) Other Non-current Assets 15 1,040.00 10.00
Total 1,02,380.13 20,809.43
(2) Current assets
(a) Current investments - -
(b) Inventories 16 2,84,980.01 1,42,721.55
(c) Trade Receivables 17 1,57,443.47 79,634.19
(d) Cash and cash equivalents 18 2,313.55 158.60
(e) Short-term Loans and Advances 19 14,220.09 935.88
(f) Other Current Assets 20 7,135.81 1,981.98
Total 4,66,092.93 2,25,432.19
Total Assets 5,68,473.05 2,46,241.62
Significant Accounting Policies 2
As per our report of even date attached herewith 
For, M B JAJODIA & ASSOCIATES
Chartered Accountants
FRN No. 0139647W
Peer Review No. 015630
Dasharathbharthi Gopalbharthi Gauswami Mitali Dasharathbharthi Gauswami
Whole Time Director & Chief Financial Officer Chairman & Managing Director
Rushita Jajodia DIN: 07712175 DIN: 07712190
Partner 
M.No. 163923
Place : Ahmedabad
Date: 28-05-2025 Hetaxiben Umang Bhatt
UDIN: 25163923BMKQXG7348 Company Secretary
M.No. A-62718
For and on behalf of the Board,
Prizor Viztech Limited
CIN: L26401GJ2017PLC095719
Consolidated Balance Sheet as at 31-Mar-2025
514, Maple Trade Centre, Nr. Surdhara Circle, Thaltej, Ahmedabad, Gujarat,India, 380054
===== PDF PAGE 105 =====
(In Thousands)
Particulars Note 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Revenue from Operations 21 7,10,936.86 3,56,541.02
Other Income 22 450.36 421.07
Total Income 7,11,387.22 3,56,962.09
Expenses
Cost of Material Consumed 23 55,265.51 1,76,797.76
Purchases of Stock in Trade 24 6,28,290.88 1,17,670.21
Change in Inventories of Finished Goods 25 (1,62,455.62) (41,228.40)
Employee Benefit Expenses 26 17,257.93 13,917.22
Finance Costs 27 12,401.64 6,465.45
Depreciation and Amortization Expenses 13 1,661.81 496.87
Other Expenses 28 22,313.25 7,299.61
Total expenses 5,74,735.40 2,81,418.72
Profit/(Loss) before Exceptional and Extraordinary Item and Tax 1,36,651.82 75,543.37
Exceptional Item - -
Profit/(Loss) before Extraordinary Item and Tax 1,36,651.82 75,543.37
Extraordinary Item - -
Profit/(Loss) before Tax 1,36,651.82 75,543.37
Tax Expenses
   - Current Tax 34,091.60 20,600.57
   - Deferred Tax 1,075.87 (263.82)
   - MAT Credit Entitlement - -
   - Prior Period Taxes - -
   - Excess/Short Provision Written back/off - -
Profit/(Loss) for the Period from Continuing Operations 1,01,484.35 55,206.62
Profit/(loss) from Discontinuing Operation (before tax) - -
Tax Expenses of Discountinuing Operation - -
Profit/(loss) from Discontinuing Operation (after tax) - -
Profit/(Loss) for the period 1,01,484.35 55,206.62
Earnings Per Share (Face Value per Share Rs.10 each)
           -Basic (In Rs) 10.39 7.46
           -Diluted (In Rs) 10.39 7.46
As per our report of even date attached herewith 
For, M B JAJODIA & ASSOCIATES
Chartered Accountants
FRN No. 0139647W For and on behalf of the Board,
Peer Review No. 015630
Dasharathbharthi Gopalbharthi Gauswami Mitali Dasharathbharthi Gauswami
Whole Time Director & Chief Financial Officer Chairman & Managing Director
Rushita Jajodia DIN: 07712175 DIN: 07712190
Partner 
M.No. 163923
Place : Ahmedabad
Date: 28-05-2025 Hetaxiben Umang Bhatt
UDIN: 25163923BMKQXG7348 Company Secretary
M.No. A-62718
Prizor Viztech Limited
CIN: L26401GJ2017PLC095719
 Consolidated Statement of Profit and loss for the Year Ended 31-Mar-2025
514, Maple Trade Centre, Nr. Surdhara Circle, Thaltej, Ahmedabad, Gujarat,India, 380054
===== PDF PAGE 106 =====
(In Thousands)
Particulars Note 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
( A )  CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit Before Tax and Extra ordinary Items 1,36,651.82 75,543.37
Adjustments for:
Depreciation and Amortisation Expense 1,661.81 496.87
Interest Received - -
Finance Costs 12,401.64 6,465.45
Adjustments in R&S - (0.30)
Operating Profit before working capital changes 1,50,715.27 82,505.39
Changes in Working Capital
(Increase)/Decrease in Trade Receivables (77,809.28) (41,361.14)
(Increase)/Decrease in Inventories (1,42,258.46) (1,15,009.50)
(Increase)/Decrease in Short Term Loans and Advances (13,284.21) (935.88)
(Increase)/Decrease in Other Current Asset (5,153.83) (1,981.98)
Increase/(Decrease) in Trade Payables (32,117.76) 58,039.69
Increase/(Decrease) in Other Current liabilities (677.42) 482.90
Increase/(Decrease) in Long Term Provision (978.18) 978.18
Cash (Used in)/Generated from Operating Activities (1,21,563.87) (17,282.34)
Less :-  Income Tax paid(Net) 19,389.50 920.00
Net Cash (Used in)/Generated from Operating Activities (1,40,953.37) (18,202.34)
Extraordinary items - -
Net cash generated from / (used in) Operating Activities………A (1,40,953.37) (18,202.34)
( B )  CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
(Purchase) of Property, Plant and Equipment and Capital Work-in-progress (82,755.48) (18,620.08)
Increase/(Decrease) in other Non-Current Asset (1,030.00) 383.40
Net cash generated from / (used in) Investing Activities………B (83,785.48) (18,236.68)
( C )  CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Proceeds from issue of Share Capital 2,51,534.40 -
Less:- Issue Cost (21,450.00) -
Net Proceeds from Issue of Share Capital 2,30,084.40 -
Proceeds from conversion of loan to Share Capital 30,000.00 -
Proceeds from issue of share Capital to Minority Interest 490.00 -
Increase/(Decrease) in Long Term Borrowings (2,162.39) 18,151.25
Increase/(Decrease) in Short Term Borrowings (19,116.58) 24,131.52
Interest and Finance Charges Paid (12,401.64) (6,465.45)
Net cash generated from / (used in) Financing Activities…………C 2,26,893.79 35,817.31
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents (A+B+C) 2,154.95 (621.71)
Opening Balance of Cash and Cash Equivalents 158.60 780.31
Closing Balance of Cash and Cash Equivalents 2,313.55 158.60
Prizor Viztech Limited
514, Maple Trade Centre, Nr. Surdhara Circle, Thaltej, Ahmedabad, Gujarat,India, 380054
CIN: L26401GJ2017PLC095719
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement for the year ended 31-Mar-2025
===== PDF PAGE 107 =====
Components of cash and cash equivalents 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Cash on hand 917.03 123.22
Cheques, drafts on hand - -
Balances with banks in current accounts 1,396.52 35.38
Bank Deposit having maturity of less than 3 months - -
Cash and cash equivalents as per Cash Flow Statement 2,313.55 158.60
Note:
As per our report of even date attached herewith 
For, M B JAJODIA & ASSOCIATES
Chartered Accountants
FRN No. 0139647W
Peer Review No. 015630
Dasharathbharthi Gopalbharthi Gauswami Mitali Dasharathbharthi Gauswami
Whole Time Director & Chief Financial Officer Chairman & Managing Director
Rushita Jajodia DIN: 07712175 DIN: 07712190
Partner 
M.No. 163923
Place : Ahmedabad
Date: 28-05-2025 Hetaxiben Umang Bhatt
UDIN: 25163923BMKQXG7348 Company Secretary
M.No. A-62718
For and on behalf of the Board,
The above Cash Flow Statement has been prepared under the ‘Indirect Method’ as set out in the Accounting Standard 3 (AS-3), “Cash Flow
Statements”.
===== PDF PAGE 108 =====
Prizor Viztech Limited
 CIN: L26401GJ2017PLC095719
 
1 COMPANY INFORMATION
2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
a Basis of Preparation
b Significant accounting judgements, accounting estimates and assumptions
c Property, Plant and Equipment
Capital Work in Progress (CWIP)
d Intangible assets
e Depreciation and Amortization
f Impairment of assets
g Leases
h Inventories
514, Maple Trade Centre, Nr. Surdhara Circle, Thaltej, Ahmedabad, Gujarat,India, 380054
Assets taken on lease by the Company in its capacity as lessee, where the Company has substantially all the risks and rewards of
ownership are classified as finance lease. Such a lease is capitalised at the inception of the lease at lower of the fair value or the present
value of the minimum lease payments and a liability is recognised for an equivalent amount. Each lease rental paid is allocated between
the liability and the interest cost so as to obtain a constant periodic rate of interest on the outstanding liability for each year.
Lease arrangements where the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an asset substantially vest with the lessor, are recognised as
operating leases. Lease rentals under operating leases are recognised in the statement of profit and loss on a straight-line basis.
Notes forming part of the Financial Statements
Prizor Viztech Limited (the ‘Company’) was originally incorporated on 10th February 2017 under name Prizor Viztech Private Limited.
Group is engaged in the business of providing security and surveillance solutions by offering comprehensive range of CCTV cameras and
interactive touch panels which serves different verticals like retail, government, educational and infrastructure, among others. The
registered office address of the Company is 514, Maple Trade Centre, Nr. Surdhara Circle, Thaltej, Ahmedabad, Ahmedbad, Gujarat,India,
380054. 
These consolidated financial statements comprise the Company and its subsidiaries (referred to collectively as the ‘Group’).
At each balance sheet date, the management reviews the carrying amounts of its assets included in each cash generating unit to
determine whether there is any indication that those assets were impaired. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the
asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of impairment. Recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s net selling price and
value in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows expected from the continuing use of the asset and from its disposal
are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects the current market assessments of time value of money
and the risks specific to the asset. Reversal of impairment loss is recognised as income in the statement of profit and loss.
Property, Plant and Equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation / amortisation. Costs include all expenses incurred to
bring the asset to its present location and condition.
These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in India (‘Indian GAAP’)
to comply with the Accounting Standards specified under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013, as applicable. The financial statements
have been prepared under the historical cost convention on accrual basis, except for certain financial instruments which are measured at
fair value.
The preparation of financial statements requires management to make certain judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities (including contingent liabilities) and the accompanying disclosures.
Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis.
Depreciation has been provided on the Fixed Asset on the WDV method and in accordance with the useful life of the Asset as prescribed
under Schedule II of the Companies Act, 2013.
Raw materials are carried at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined on a weighted average basis. Purchased goods-
in-transit are carried at cost. Work-in-progress is carried at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Stores and spare parts are carried at
lower of cost and net realisable value. Finished goods produced or purchased by the Company are carried at lower of cost and net
realisable value. Cost includes direct material and labour cost and a proportion of manufacturing overheads.
Intangible assets are stated at cost, less accumulated amortisation. Costs include all expenses incurred to bring the asset to its present
condition.
Cost of assets not ready for intended use, as on the balance sheet date, is shown as CWIP. CWIP is stated at cost, net of accumulated 
impairment loss, if any. 
Advances given towards acquisition of assets (including CWIP) and outstanding at each balance sheet
date are disclosed appropriately.
===== PDF PAGE 109 =====
    
    
    
    
i Cash and cash equivalents
j Borrowing Cost
k Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets
l Revenue recognition
m Employee Benefit Expense
Post-employment benefit plans
Other employee benefits
n Foreign currency transactions
o Taxation
The Company considers all highly liquid financial instruments, which are readily convertible into known amount of cash that are subject to
an insignificant risk of change in value and having original maturities of three months or less from the date of purchase, to be cash
equivalents.
Raw Material
Income and expense in foreign currencies are converted at exchange rates prevailing on the date of the transaction. Foreign currency
monetary assets and liabilities other than net investments in non-integral foreign operations are translated at the exchange rate prevailing
on the balance sheet date and exchange gains and losses are recognised in the statement of profit and loss. Exchange difference arising on
a monetary item that, in substance, forms part of an enterprise’s net investments in a non-integral foreign operation are accumulated in a
foreign currency translation reserve.
Current income tax expense comprises taxes on income from operations in India and in foreign jurisdictions. Income taxpayable in India is
determined in accordance with the provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961. Tax expense relating to foreign operations is determined in
accordance with tax laws applicable in countries where such operations are domiciled.
At lower of cost or net realizable value.
WIP At Cost
Consumables At Cost
Contingent assets are not recognised in the financial statements. The nature of such assets and an estimate of its financial effect are
disclosed in notes to the financial statements.
The retirement benefit obligation recognised in the balance sheet represents the present value of the defined benefit obligation as
adjusted for unrecognised past service cost, and as reduced by the fair value of scheme assets. Any asset resulting from this calculation is
limited to the present value of available refunds and reductions in future contributions to the scheme.
For defined benefit schemes, the cost of providing benefits is determined using the Projected Unit Credit Method, with actuarial
valuations being carried out at each balance sheet date. Actuarial gains and losses are recognised in full in the statement of profit and loss
for the period in which they occur. Past service cost is recognised immediately to the extent that the benefits are already vested, or
amortised on a straight-line basis over the average period until the benefits become vested.
The undiscounted amount of short-term employee benefits expected to be paid in exchange for the services rendered by employees is
recognised during the period when the employee renders the service. These benefits include compensated absences such as paid annual
leave, overseas social security contributions and performance incentives.
The valuation for inventories is as follows;
Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of a qualifying asset that necessarily takes a substantial
period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale are capitalised as part of the cost of the asset. Borrowing costs consist of interest
and transaction costs that an entity incurs in connection with the borrowing of funds.
Contributions to defined contribution retirement benefit schemes are recognised as expense when employees have rendered services
entitling them to such benefits.
Finished Goods
Revenue is recognised on the delivery of goods. Revenue is reported net of discount. Revenue in case of sale of services are recognised on
the basis of performance of service.
At lower of cost or net realizable value.
Classification Valuation Policy
Compensated absences which are not expected to occur within twelve months after the end of the period in which the employee renders
the related services are recognised as an actuarially determined liability at the present value of the defined benefit obligation at the
balance sheet date.
Provisions are recognised for when the Company has at present, legal or contractual obligation as a result of past events, only if it is
probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic outgo or loss will be required and if the amount involved can be measured
reliably.Contingent liabilities being a possible obligation as a result of past events, the existence of which will be confirmed only by the occurrence
or non occurrence of one or more future events not wholly in control of the Company are not recognised in the accounts. The nature of
such liabilities and an estimate of its financial effect are disclosed in notes to the financial statements.
===== PDF PAGE 110 =====
p Consolidated Financial Statements
q Earnings Per Share
r Business Combination
As per our report of even date attached herewith 
For, M B JAJODIA & ASSOCIATES
Chartered Accountants
FRN No. 0139647W For and on behalf of the Board,
Peer Review No. 015630
Dasharathbharthi Gopalbharthi GauswamiMitali Dasharathbharthi Gauswami
Whole Time Director & Chief Financial OfficerChairman & Managing Director
Rushita Jajodia DIN: 07712175 DIN: 07712190
Partner 
M.No. 163923
Place : Ahmedabad
Date: 28-05-2025 Hetaxiben Umang Bhatt
UDIN: 25163923BMKQXG7348 Company Secretary
M.No. A-62718
Basic earning per share is computed by dividing the net profit or loss for the period attributable to equity shareholders by the weighted
average number of equity shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earning per share is computed by taking into account the
weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the period and the weighted average number of equity shares which would
      be issued on conversion of all diluƟve potenƟal equity shares into equity shares.
Deferred tax expense or benefit is recognised on timing differences being the difference between taxable income and accounting income
that originate in one period and is likely to reverse in one or more subsequent periods. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured
using the tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the balance sheet date.
Advance taxes and provisions for current income taxes are presented in the balance sheet after off-setting advance tax paid and income
tax provision arising in the same tax jurisdiction for relevant tax paying units and where the Company is able to and intends to settle the
asset and liability on a net basis.
Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns 
from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. The financial statements 
of subsidiaries are included in the consolidated financial statements from the date on which control commences until the date on which 
control ceases.
Intra-group balances and transactions, and any unrealised income and expenses arising from intragroup transactions, are eliminated. 
Unrealised gains arising from transactions with equity accounted investees are eliminated against the investment to the extent of the 
Group’s interest in the investee. Unrealised losses are eliminated in the same way as unrealised gains, but only to the extent that there is 
no evidence of impairment.
The Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with Accounting Standard (AS) 21 – Consolidated Financial 
Statements, as notified under the Companies (Accounting Standards) Rules.
The Company offsets deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities if it has a legally enforceable right and these relate to taxes on income
levied by the same governing taxation laws.
===== PDF PAGE 111 =====
Prizor Viztech Limited
514, Maple Trade Centre, Nr. Surdhara Circle, Thaltej, Ahmedabad, Gujarat,India, 380054
CIN: L26401GJ2017PLC095719
Notes forming part of the Financial Statements
Note No : 13 (In Thousands)
Particulars As at 01-Apr-
2024
Addition 
during the 
year
Ded/Adj 
during the 
year
As at 31-Mar-
2025
Up to 01-Apr-
2024
During the 
year
Ded/Adj 
during the 
year
As at 31-Mar-
2025
As at 31-Mar-
2025
As at 31-Mar-
2024
Property, Plant and Equipment
Plant & Machinery 177.46 - - 177.46 93.80 15.15 - 108.94 68.52 83.66
Land 18,833.87 - - 18,833.87 - - - - 18,833.87 18,833.87
Building - 57,475.66 - 57,475.66 - 377.21 - 377.21 57,098.45 -
Computers 644.18 381.93 - 1,026.11 529.11 118.20 - 647.31 378.80 115.07
Furniture and Fixtures 1,177.62 140.50 - 1,318.12 501.42 177.40 - 678.82 639.30 676.20
Office Equipments 981.67 329.43 - 1,311.10 444.01 297.42 - 741.42 569.68 537.66
Motor Vehicle - 5,793.55 - 5,793.55 - 676.44 - 676.44 5,117.11 -
Total 21,814.79 64,121.07 - 85,935.86 1,568.33 1,661.81 - 3,230.14 82,705.71 20,246.46
Capital Work-in-progress
Capital Work-in-progress - 18,634.41 - 18,634.41 - - - - 18,634.41 -
Total : 21,814.79 82,755.48 - 1,04,570.27 1,568.33 1,661.81 - 3,230.14 1,01,340.13 20,246.46
Previous Year Total 5,138.93 19,383.06 2,707.20 21,814.79 3,015.68 496.87 1,944.22 1,568.33 20,246.46 2,123.26
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
GROSS BLOCK DEPRECIATION / AMORTIZATION NET BLOCK
===== PDF PAGE 112 =====
3 Share Capital (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Authorised Share Capital
1,25,000.00 8,000.00
Issued Capital
1,06,912.03 8,000.00
Total 1,06,912.03 8,000.00
3.1
3.2
3.3
(i)Reconciliation of number of shares (In Thousands)
Equity Shares No. of shares (In Rs) No. of shares (In Rs)
Opening Balance 8,00,000           8,000.00 8,00,000                 8,000.00
Issued during the year 
Initial Public Offer 28,91,200         28,912.00 -                            -
Conversion of Loan into Share Capital 4,00,000           4,000.00 -                            -
Bonus Issue 66,00,003        66,000.03 -                           -
Buy Back of Shares -                    - -                           -
Closing balance 1,06,91,203     1,06,912.03 8,00,000                 8,000                       
(ii)Details of Shares held by shareholders holding more than 5% of the aggregate shares in the company
Equity Shares
Name of Shareholder No. of shares In % No. of shares In %
Mitali Dasharathbharthi Gauswami 48,30,000        45.18% 720000 90.00%
Dasharathbharthi Gopalbharthi Gauswami 24,69,968        23.10% 79995 9.99%
(iii) Shares held by Promoters at the end of the year 31-Mar-2025
Name of Promoter Class of SharesNo. of Shares% of total shares% Change during 
the year
Mitali Dasharathbharthi Gauswami Equity Share 48,30,000              45.18% -44.82%
Dasharathbharthi Gopalbharthi Gauswami Equity Share 24,69,968              23.10% 13.11%
31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
During the Year as on 09-05-2024, the company has issued 66,00,003 Equity Shares under Bonus issue.
The company has not declared any dividend to equity shareholders during the Year ended as on 31-Mar-2025. (P.Y. - Nil)
Equity Shares: The Company has one class of equity shares. Each shareholder is eligible for one vote per share held. The dividend 
proposed by the Board of Directors is subject to the approval of the shareholders in the ensuing Annual General Meeting, except in case 
of interim dividend. In the event of liquidation, the equity shareholders are eligible to receive the remaining assets of the Company 
after distribution of all preferential amounts, in proportion to their shareholding.
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Prizor Viztech Limited
514, Maple Trade Centre, Nr. Surdhara Circle, Thaltej, Ahmedabad, Gujarat,India, 380054
Equity Shares 12500000, of Rs. 10 each
Equity Shares 10691203, of Rs. 10 each
Notes forming part of the Financial Statements
CIN: L26401GJ2017PLC095719
===== PDF PAGE 113 =====
(iv)Shares held by Promoters at the end of the year 31-Mar-2024
Name of Promoter Class of SharesNo. of Shares% of total shares% Change during 
the year
Mitali Dasharathbharthi Gauswami Equity Share 7,20,000                90.00% 0.00%
Dasharathbharthi Gopalbharthi Gauswami Equity Share 79,995                    9.99% 0.00%
4 Reserves and Surplus (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Reserve and Surplus
      Opening Balance 58,682.01 3,475.69
      Add: Transfer from P&L 1,01,509.35 55,206.62
      Less: Bonus Issue (40,000.03) (0.30)
      Closing Balance 1,20,191.33 58,682.01
Security Premium
    Opening Balance - -
 Add: Security Premium From Conversion of Loan to Share Capital 26,000.00 -
    Less: Bonus Issue (26,000.00) -
 Add: Security Premium From IPO Proceeds 2,22,622.40 -
    Less: IPO Expense (21,450.00) -
    Closing Balance 2,01,172.40 -
 Total 3,21,363.73 58,682.01
5 Minority Interest (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Share Capital in Prizor Aitech Limited 490.00 -
Add:- Transfer from Profit and Loss (25.01) -
Total 464.99 -
6  Long-term Borrowings (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
 Secured
From Banks 21,800.00 10,780.14
 Unsecured
Loans From Directors 16,719.99 39,025.89
From Banks 2,216.15 -
From NBFC 6,907.50 -
Total 47,643.64 49,806.03
7 Deferred Tax Liabilities (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Deferred Tax liabilities 522.90 -
Total 522.90 -
===== PDF PAGE 114 =====
8 Long Term Provisions (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Provision for Employee Benefit
Gratuity Provision - 978.18
Total - 978.18
9 Short Term Borrowings (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Loan Repayable on Demand 
From Banks 22,439.02 43,944.25
Current Maturities of Long Term Borrowing
From Bank 1,614.06 2,736.00
From NBFC 3,510.59 -
Total 27,563.67 46,680.25
10Trade Payables (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Due to Micro and Small Enterprises 15,422.51 -
Due to others 11,013.63 58,553.90
Total 26,436.14 58,553.90
10.1Trade Payable ageing schedule as at 31-Mar-2025 (In Thousands)
Particulars
Less than 1 
year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 3 years
MSME 15,422.51 - - - 15,422.51
Others 11,013.63 - - - 11,013.63
Disputed dues- MSME -
Disputed dues- Others -
Sub total 26,436.14
MSME - Undue -
Others - Undue -
MSME - Unbilled dues -
Others - Unbilled dues -
Total   26,436.14
10.2Trade Payable ageing schedule as at 31-Mar-2024 (In Thousands)
Particulars
Less than 1 
year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 3 years
MSME - - - - -
Others 58,553.90 - - - 58,553.90
Disputed dues- MSME - - - - -
Disputed dues- Others - - - - -
Sub total 58,553.90
MSME - Undue -
Others - Undue -
MSME - Unbilled dues -
Others - Unbilled dues -
Total   58,553.90
Total
Total
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
===== PDF PAGE 115 =====
11Other Current Liabilities (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
    - Statutory Dues
ESIC Payable 9.71 -
PF Payable 50.47 34.40
Professional Tax 12.40 124.10
TDS/TCS Payable 556.81 472.27
    - Others
Advance Rec. From Customer 706.87 286.86
Other Payable - 2,500.00
Salary Payable 2,138.08 734.14
Total 3,474.34 4,151.76
12Short Term Provisions (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Income Tax Provision 34,091.60 19,389.50
Total 34,091.60 19,389.50
14 Deferred Tax Assets (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Deferred Tax Assets - 552.97
Total - 552.97
15 Other non-current assets (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
    Security Deposits
Deposit with NSDL 10.00 -
Deposit with CDSL 10.00 -
Deposit with GEM 10.00 10.00
Deposit with Bajaj Finance Limited 1,000.00 -
    Other Deposit
Fixed Deposit with Bank having original maturity of more than 12 Month 10.00 -
Total 1,040.00 10.00
16 Inventories (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Raw materials 64,849.78 85,046.94
Finished goods 2,20,130.23 57,674.60
Total 2,84,980.01 1,42,721.55
Note:- Inventory is certified by Management of the Company. 
===== PDF PAGE 116 =====
17 Trade Receivables
(Unsecured, considered good unless otherwise stated) (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Trade Receivables 1,57,443.47 79,634.19
Total 1,57,443.47 79,634.19
17.1  Trade Receivables ageing schedule as at 31-Mar-2025 (In Thousands)
Less than 6 
months
6 months- 1 
year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 3 years
1,49,613.82 7,829.65 - - - 1,57,443.47
-
-
-
Sub total 1,57,443.47
Undue - considered good -
Undue - considered doubtful -
Provision for doubtful debts -
Total   1,57,443.47
17.2  Trade Receivables ageing schedule as at 31-Mar-2024 (In Thousands)
Less than 6 
months
6 months- 1 
year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 3 years
- 79,033.58 600.60 - - 79,634.19
- - - - - -
- - - - - -
- - - - - -
Sub total 79,634.19
Undue - considered good -
Undue - considered doubtful -
Provision for doubtful debts -
Total   79,634.19
18      Cash and Cash Equivalents (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Cash in Hand 917.03 123.22
Balance at Bank
In Current A/C 1,396.52 35.38
Cash and Cash Equivalents - Total 2,313.55 158.60
Total 2,313.55 158.60
Total
TotalParticulars
Particulars
Undisputed Trade 
Disputed Trade Receivables 
Disputed Trade Receivables 
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
Undisputed Trade 
Undisputed Trade 
Undisputed Trade 
Disputed Trade Receivables 
Disputed Trade Receivables 
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
===== PDF PAGE 117 =====
19      Short term loans and advances
(Unsecured, considered good unless otherwise stated) (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Others
Advance paid to Supplier P&M 11,566.64 -
Advance paid to Supplier Goods 2,284.46 506.88
Loans and Advance to Staff 368.99 429.00
Total 14,220.09 935.88
20 Other Current Assets
(Unsecured, considered good unless otherwise stated) (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
TDS/TCS Receivable 1,812.29 1,371.46
Gst Receivable 2,945.78 267.12
Prepaid Expenses 1,960.04 -
Rent Deposit 417.70 343.40
Total 7,135.81 1,981.98
===== PDF PAGE 118 =====
CIN: L26401GJ2017PLC095719
21 Revenue from operations (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Sale of Products and Services 7,10,936.86 3,56,541.02
Total 7,10,936.86 3,56,541.02
22 Other Income (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Foreign Exchange Gain/(Loss) 120.07 -
Other Income 330.29 421.07
 
Total 450.36 421.07
23 Cost of Material Consumed (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Opening Stock of Raw Material 85,046.94 11,265.80
Add: Purchases 31,400.97 2,46,575.13
Add: Direct Expenses 3,667.38 4,003.77
Less: Closing Stock of Raw Material (64,849.78) (85,046.94)
Total 55,265.51 1,76,797.76
24Purchases of Stock in Trade (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Purchases of Stock in Trade 6,28,290.88 1,17,670.21
Total 6,28,290.88 1,17,670.21
25Change in Inventory (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Finished Goods
Opening stock 57,674.60 16,446.20
Less: Closing stock (2,20,130.23) (57,674.60)
Total (1,62,455.62) (41,228.40)
Total (1,62,455.62) (41,228.40)
26Employee benefit expenses (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Bonus & Incentive - 72.56
Director's  Insurance - 1,000.00
Director's  Remuneration 2,400.00 2,400.00
Contributions to Provident & Other Fund 316.74 152.38
Salary Expense 14,379.84 10,247.03
Staff Welfare Expense 161.34 45.26
Total 17,257.93 13,917.22
Prizor Viztech Limited
514, Maple Trade Centre, Nr. Surdhara Circle, Thaltej, Ahmedabad, Gujarat,India, 380054
Notes forming part of the Financial Statements
===== PDF PAGE 119 =====
27Finance Costs (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Interest on Borrowings 8,545.66 4,421.33
Bank and Loan Processing Charges 3,855.98 1,857.05
Rate Fluctuations - 187.06
Total 12,401.64 6,465.45
28Other expenses (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Advertisement & Publicity 637.85 160.42
Asset Written Off - 67.22
Audit Fees 200.00 200.00
CSR Expense 550.00 -
Exhibition Expenses 2,264.14 347.95
Gst Interest and Late Fees Expense 1,142.20 -
Interest on Income Tax 1,806.42 -
Laboratory Testing Fee - 286.56
Miscellaneous Expense 6,252.90 854.65
Mca Fees Expense 1,234.25 -
Rent Expense 1,960.26 2,111.34
Power and fuel Expense 474.72 266.52
Professional and Legal Fees 3,664.17 1,415.49
Rates and Taxes 428.87 590.63
Repairs and Maintenance Expense 582.62 457.17
Telephone & Internet Expense 120.94 82.20
Travelling and Conveyance Expense 993.92 459.48
Total 22,313.25 7,299.61
Note :- Miscellaneous Expense includes Accommodation Charges, Additional Discount, Auto Expenses, Diwali Expense, Installation Charges, 
Interest On Tcs Late Payment, Interest On Tds Late Payment, Office Expenses, Printing & Stationery, Registration Expense, Software Installation 
Expenses, Software Subscription Expenses, Stock Insurance Premium, Tea & Refreshment, Vat Registration, Vivo V-Shield Warranty and Web 
Site Hostling Charges etc.
===== PDF PAGE 120 =====
514, Maple Trade Centre, Nr. Surdhara Circle, Thaltej, Ahmedabad, Gujarat,India, 380054
29 Earning per share (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Profit attributable to equity shareholders (In Rs) 1,01,484.35 55,206.62
Weighted average number of Equity Shares (Absolute) 97,65,684 74,00,003
Earnings per share basic (Rs) 10.39 7.46
Earnings per share diluted (Rs) 10.39 7.46
Face value per equity share (Rs) 10.00 10.00
Weighted average number of Equity Shares
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Opening Shares 8,00,000 800000
Allotment during the Year 23,65,681           -                        
Bonus Issue 66,00,003            66,00,003           
Right Issue -                        -                       
Total 97,65,684 74,00,003
30 Auditors' Remuneration (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Payments to auditor as
 - Audit Fees 200.00 200.00
 - for Professional Services 3,796.00 -
Total 3,996.00 200.00
31 Related Party Disclosure (As per AS-18)
i) List of Related Parties
a Key management personnel ('KMP')
b Relative of Key management personnel ('KMP')
Gauswami Badrubharathi G Relative of Director
Prizor Viztech Limited
CIN: L26401GJ2017PLC095719
Related Party Date of Appointment / Cessation Relation
Notes forming part of the Financial Statements
Relation
Company Secretary
Related Party
Whole-time DirectorDasharathbharthi Gopalbharthi Gauswami
Mitali Dasharathbharthi Gauswami
Dasharathbharthi Gopalbharthi Gauswami
Hetaxiben Umang Bhatt
10/02/2017
10/02/2017
07/05/2024
16/04/2024
Chairman & Managing Director
Chief Financial Officer
===== PDF PAGE 121 =====
c Related Entities
ii) Summary of transactions during the year/period: (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Dasharathbharthi Gopalbharthi Gauswami 1,200.00 1,200.00
Mitali Dasharathbharthi Gauswami 1,200.00 1,200.00
Gauswami Badrubharathi G - 105.00
Dasharathbharthi Gopalbharthi Gauswami - 695.40
Om Security Solutions - 35,482.60
Prizor Aitech India Limited 510.00 -
Dasharathbharthi Gopalbharthi Gauswami 10,239.99 -
Dasharathbharthi Gopalbharthi Gauswami 25,751.19 -
Mitali Dasharathbharthi Gauswami 2,361.80 -
Mitali Dasharathbharthi Gauswami 9,156.50 -
iii) Summary of outstanding balances at the end of the year/period: (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Dasharathbharthi Gopalbharthi Gauswami 12,064.86 27,576.06
Mitali Dasharathbharthi Gauswami 4,655.13 11,449.83
Mitali Dasharathbharthi Gauswami 50.30 170.20
Dasharathbharthi Gopalbharthi Gauswami 6,152.97 11,051.10
Om Security Solutions - 95.50
Note:-
Director Remuneration
Subsidiary Company  (51% Holding)
Trade Receivable
Relative of Director
Director Remuneration
Trade Payable
Loan Received From Directors
Loan Received From Directors
Loan Repaid to Directors
Loan Repaid to Directors
Salary
Sale of Fixed Asset
Investment
Unsecured Loan
Unsecured Loan
Trade Payable
Sale of Goods
The Company has not given/ provided any guarantee/ collaterals for and on behalf of the aforementioned related parties.
No amount has been written off or written back during the year in respect of debts due from or to related parties.
No Loans or advances are granted to Promoters, Directors, KMPs and the related parties (as defined under the Companies Act, 2013), either 
severally or jointly with any other person that are repayable on demand or without specifying any terms or period of repayment.
Type of Transaction
Related Party Relation
Type of Transaction
Prizor Aitech India Limited
Prizor Snacks Private Limited Group Company
Om Security Solutions
===== PDF PAGE 122 =====
32 Ratio Analysis
Particulars 31-Mar-202531-Mar-2024 Change in %
Note:
Reasons for Variances (If Variance is more than 25%)
12.33
5.21
15.47%
   Net Profit   
3.32
6.00
Profit after Tax
4.19
6.05
1.45
191%
1.55 143%
-71%
-21%
-1%
26%
-42%Average Working Capital
Average Trade Receivable
Total Turnover
Total Purchases
Average Trade Payable
Total Turnover
1.41
Debt Service Coverage Ratio The change in ratio is due to increase in EBITDA and change in debt is lower for current year.
Particulars Reasons
 Current Ratio
Debt-Equity Ratio
The change in ratio is due to increase in Inventory level and Trade Receivable in current asset , 
whereas the change in current liabilities is lower.
The change in ratio is due to significant increase in shareholders fund in current year as compared 
to previous year.
Total Turnover
   Earning before interest and taxes   
Capital Employed
Capital Employed = Tangible Net Worth + Total Debt + Deferred Tax Liability
Debt service = Interest & Lease Payments + Principal Repayments
Earning available for Debt Service = Net Profit before taxes + Non-cash operating expenses + Interest + other exceptional item
(j) Return on Capital employed
(i) Net profit ratio
0.70 -55%
14.27%
0.31
-8%
-88%Shareholder’s Equity
Average Shareholder’s Equity
Total Turnover
Average Inventories
Current Liabilities
   Total Debts   
1.755.09
0.18
(a) Current Ratio
Numerator/Denominator
   Current Assets   
3.77
0.41
(h) Net capital turnover ratio
(g) Trade payables turnover ratio
(f) Trade receivables turnover ratio
(e) Inventory turnover ratio
(d) Return on Equity Ratio
(c) Debt Service Coverage Ratio
(b) Debt-Equity Ratio
15.52
3.02
Earning available for Debt Service (EBITDA)
Debt Service
Return on Equity Ratio The change in ratio is due to significant increase in shareholders fund in current year as compared 
to previous year, whereas change in net profit is slightly lower.
Net capital turnover ratio The change in ratio is due to increase in Revenue from Operation in current year as compared to 
previous year, whereas the change in working capital is slightly lower.
 Return on Capital employed The change in ratio is due to significant increase in shareholders fund in current year as compared 
to previous year.
 Trade payables turnover ratio The change in ratio is due to significant increase in Purchase in current year as compared to 
previous year.
===== PDF PAGE 123 =====
33 Disclosure Related to Micro and Small Enterprise (In Thousands)
Principal Interest Principal Interest
15422.51 -                     -                       -                       
-                                          -                     -                       -                       
-                                          -                     -                       -                       
34Earnings in Foreign Currencies (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-2025 31-Mar-2024
Export of Goods 2,493.60             -                       
Total 2,493.60             -                       
35Value of imported and indigenous Materials, spare parts and components consumed (In Thousands)
Particulars 31-Mar-202531-Mar-2024
Materials
  - Imported 11,117.59           -                       
  - Indigenous -                       -                       
Total 11,117.59          -                       
36Others
i)
ii)
iii)
37 Title deeds of Immovable Property not held in name of the Company
38Revaluation of Property, Plant and Equipment
The Company has not revalued its Property, Plant and Equipment (including Right-of-Use Assets) and Intangible assets.
39Capital-Work-in Progress (CWIP)
For Capital-work-in progress, following ageing schedule shall be given: (In Thousands)
Less than 1 year 1-2 Years 2-3 Years More than 3 
Years
Project in progress 18,634.41 - - - 18,634.41
* Capital-work-in progress(Refer Note no 13)
40Intangible assets under development:
The Company have no Intangible Asset under Development.
Previous year figures have been regrouped and rearranged wherever necessary, to make them comparable with those of current year.
Trade Payables, Advances and Liabilities have been taken as per books, are subject to reconciliation/confirmation and consequential 
adjustments, if any.
In the opinion of Board of Directors, Current Asset, Loans and Advances are Approximately of the same value at which these are stated in 
the Balance Sheet, if realized in ordinary course of business.
31-Mar-2024
Amount Due to Supplier
Principal amount paid beyond appointed date
Interest due and payable for the year
The company does not have any immovable property (other than properties where the company is the lessee and the lease agreements are 
duly executed in favour of the company) for which title deeds are not held in the name of the company. Accordingly, the requirement to 
disclose details relating to title deeds of immovable properties not held in the name of the company is not applicable.
CWIP
Amount in CWIP for a period of
Total*
Particulars 31-Mar-2025
===== PDF PAGE 124 =====
41Details of Benami Property held
42The company has taken Borrowings from Bank on the basis of Security of Current Asset i.e. Inventory. 
The quarterly statements of current asset i.e. Inventory filed by the Company with banks are in agreement with the books of accounts.
43Contingent liabilities.
44Wilful Defaulter
45Registration of Charge
46Arrangements and Amalgamations
47Compliance with number of layers of companies
48 Utilisation of Borrowed funds and share premium
49 Utilisation of Money raised through Initial Public Offer (SME IPO)
50Undisclosed Income
51  Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)
Amount (In thousands)
550
550
-
-
Relief to Poor 
The Company has not received any fund (which are material either individually or in the aggregate) from any party(ies) (Funding Party(ies)) 
with the understanding whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Company shall, whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in 
other persons or entities identified in any manner by or on behalf of the Funding Party (Ultimate Beneficiaries") or provide any guarantee, 
security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
There is no income surrendered or disclosed as income during the current or previous year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax
Act, 1961, that has not been recorded in the books of account.
The company has complied with the number of layers prescribed under clause (87) of section 2 of the Act read with Companies (Restriction 
on number of Layers) Rules, 2017.
There are no Scheme of Arrangements placed before the Competent Authority in terms of sections 230 to 237 of the Companies Act, 2013 
for approval.
Currently, there are no contingent liabilities that should be reported in the financial statements of the company.
The Company has not been declared wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or government or any government authority.
There are no charges or satisfaction yet to be registered with Registrar of companies (ROC)
The Company has raised funds by way of initial public offer dated 22/07/2024 of 28,91,200 equity shares of face value of Rs 10/- each for 
cash at a price of ₹ 87/- per equity share including a share premium of ₹ 77/- per equity share (the "issue price") aggregating to ₹ 2515.34 
Lakhs ("the issue") and fund has been used for the purpose for which it has been raised.
The Company affirms that no proceedings have been initiated or are pending against it under the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 
and the rules made thereunder. The Company does not hold any benami property, nor has it been involved in any transaction that qualifies as 
a benami transaction as defined under the said Act.
The company has one subsidiary namely Prizor Aitech India Limited which was incorporated on 9th October 2024. The Company holds 51% 
Share Capital of Prizor Aitech India Limited.
Where the company covered under section 135 of the companies act, the following shall be disclosed with regard to CSR activities:-
Particulars
   (a)   Amount Required to be Spent
           by the company during the Year
   (b)   Amount of Expenditure Incurred
   (c)   Shortfall at the end of the year,
   (d)   Reason for Shortfall
   (e)   Nature of CSR Activities
===== PDF PAGE 125 =====
52Segment reporting
53Virtual Currency Transaction
54Disclosure Related to Consolidated Financial Statement
(ii) Minority interests” in the balance sheet within equity is presented separately from the equity of the owners of the parent.
As per our report of even date attached herewith 
For, M B JAJODIA & ASSOCIATES
Chartered Accountants
FRN No. 0139647W
Peer Review No. 015630
Dasharathbharthi Gopalbharthi GauswamiMitali Dasharathbharthi Gauswami
Whole Time Director & Chief Financial Officer Chairman & Managing Director
DIN: 07712175 DIN: 07712190
Partner 
M.No. 163923
Place : Ahmedabad
Date: 28-05-2025 Hetaxiben Umang Bhatt
UDIN: 25163923BMKQXG7348 Company Secretary
M.No. A-62718
For and on behalf of the Board,
Rushita Jajodia 
The Company has not traded or invested in crypto currency or virtual currency during the current or previous year.
The group has single reportable business segment. Hence, no separate information for segment-wise disclosure is given in accordance with 
the requirements of AS 17 - Operation Segments.
(i) Profit or loss attributable to “minority interest” and to owners of the parent in the statement of profit and loss is presented as allocation for 
the period.
===== PDF PAGE 126 =====
Details of Shareholders as on 31-03-2025
SR. NO NAME NO. OF SHARES % OF TOTAL SHARES
1 Promoters and Promoters Group Holding 7299989 68.28%
2 General Public Holding 3391214 31.72%
TOTAL 10691203 100.00%
For and on behalf of the Board,
Dasharathbharthi Gopalbharthi Gauswami Mitali Dasharathbharthi Gauswami
Whole Time Director & Chief Financial Officer Chairman & Managing Director
DIN: 07712175 DIN: 07712190
Hetaxiben Umang Bhatt
Company Secretary
M.No. A-62718
Prizor Viztech Limited
514, Maple Trade Centre, Nr. Surdhara Circle, Thaltej, Ahmedabad, Gujarat,India, 380054
CIN: L26401GJ2017PLC095719
===== PDF PAGE 127 =====
Prizor Viztech Limited
514, Maple Trade Centre, Nr. Surdhara Circle, Thaltej, Ahmedabad, Gujarat,India, 380054
CIN: L26401GJ2017PLC095719
Details of Directors as on 31-03-2025
Name 
Dasharathbharthi Gopalbharthi Gauswami
Mitali Dasharathbharthi Gauswami
Preety Priya Ghosh
Dahyalal Bansilal Prajapati
Brahma Ghosh Raval
For and on behalf of the Board,
Dasharathbharthi Gopalbharthi Gauswami Mitali Dasharathbharthi Gauswami
Whole Time Director & Chief Financial Officer Chairman & Managing Director
DIN: 07712175 DIN: 07712190
Hetaxiben Umang Bhatt
Company Secretary
M.No. A-62718
Date of Appointment Designation
10/02/2017 Whole-time Director
26/02/2024 Independent Director
10/02/2017 Managing Director
16/04/2024 Independent Director
26/02/2024 Independent Director
===== PDF PAGE 128 =====
Prizor Viztech Limited
Office No. 514, Maple Trade
Centre, Nr, Surdhara Circle,
Thaltej, Ahmedabad,
Gujarat, India, 380054
Tel No.: +91- 78618 04737
Email: investors@prizor.in
Website: www.prizor.in
CIN: L26401GJ2017PLC095719