
===== PDF PAGE 1 =====
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
“OSEL Devices Limited 
H2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
June 02, 2026 
 
        
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJENDRA RAVI SHANKAR MISHRA – MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – OSEL DEVICES LIMITED 
 MR. MUKESH KUMAR SINHA – WHOLE-TIME 
DIRECTOR – OSEL DEVICES LIMITED 
 MR. DIPANKAR GHOSHAL – CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – OSEL DEVICES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

===== PDF PAGE 2 =====
  OSEL Devices Limited 
  June 02, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the H2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call of 
OSEL Devices Limited. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the 
company which are based on the beliefs, opinions, and expectations of the company as on date 
of this call. These statements do not guarantee the future performan ce of the company, and it 
may involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
 As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. We have with us from the management 
Mr. Rajendra Ravi  Shankar Mishra, Managing Director; Mr. Mukesh Kumar Sinha, Whole -
Time Director; Mr. Dipankar Ghoshal, Chief Executive Officer. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Dipankar Ghoshal. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Dipankar Ghoshal: Thank you. Good afternoon to all and thank you for joining us today. To give a small brief about 
the company, our company operates across three distinct high -growth industries: LED display, 
hearing aids, and mobile devices. With full ownership of the value chain from design and R&D 
through manufacturing and quality certification, all the way to installation, after-sales, and now 
clinic-led retail. 
 Now what makes OSEL structurally different is the combination of three things that are hard to 
replicate. Together, since we hold the US FDA registration, ISO 13485, CDSCO MD5; second, 
recurring revenue, our proprietary CMS platform and SFL clinic network means we are not 
purely dependent on hardware sales cycles; and third, and forward integration, we are not just a 
manufacturer supplying someone else's brand, we are moving into the highest value endpoint in 
each vertical. 
 In financial year '26 was a strong year. Revenue grew 56.9% to INR292.7 crores. EBITDA 
expanded 57.9% to INR53.3 crores at a margin of 18.2%. And profit after tax grew 45.7% to 
INR29.2 crores. Importantly, this growth was not concentrated. All the three ve rticals 
contributed, and our export revenues crossed INR23 crores. 
 We are looking forward to our JNPA SEZ hub with commercialization expected from April 
2027. This will significantly expand our exports and OEM capacity from India's business port, 
with SEZ tax benefit combined with our US FDA registration unlocking the US hearing aid 
market. We believe the next phase of growth will be both large in scale and higher in quality of 
hearing. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question comes from 
the line of Pratiti Khara from Param Capital. Please go ahead. 
Pratiti Khara: Hi. Am I audible? 
Moderator: Yes, you are. 
===== PDF PAGE 3 =====
  OSEL Devices Limited 
  June 02, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
Pratiti Khara: Hi, sir. So, I just wanted to clarify a financial aspect. In our September cash flow statement, I 
could see a line item which said increase or decrease in short -term borrowings, which was 
classified under cash flow from operating activities. This was aroun d INR50 odd crores in the 
year for September 2025. Ideally, short-term borrowings is classified under financing activities. 
So, if that were the case, the operating cash flow would be negative INR40 crores instead of 
positive INR10 crores, if that is right. So, just wanted to know your thoughts on the same. 
Ravi Mishra: So, this came into our understanding as well, and I think in the current financials we have 
rectified this. And the new financials are based on these parameters only. 
Pratiti Khara: Okay, all right. And what was the reason of whatever was raised in the IPO, which was raised 
under working capital terms, is now being drawn down as a CC line of INR30 crores in front of 
that and has been invested  -- that money that was raised in the IPO is invested in the mutual 
funds and shown under investing activities. So, why is that the case? Why weren't we using that 
money directly for working capital? 
Ravi Mishra: So, at that instance when the money was raised basically, we raised it for working capital, and 
working capital requirement is not always exactly the same amount. So, at that particular time, 
we had to park the funds and we parked it into mutual funds. And then we have taken up limits 
against that mutual fund, which gives us the interest arbitrage anyway happening. So, it is not 
costing us anything, and that gives us a leverage of utilizing funds as and when required. And 
when it is idle, it is anyway earning from the mutual funds. 
Pratiti Khara: Okay. So, going ahead, this line item will be in financing activity, right? 
Ravi Mishra: Correct, yeah. 
Pratiti Khara: Okay. Thank you. That's it from my side. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Nishita Shanklesha from Sapphire Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Nishita Shanklesha: So, I just wanted to understand what is the reason our interest costs is like almost double in H2 
FY26, and what is the steady-state interest cost that we can see? Like our debt has also increased 
quite a lot, so... 
Ravi Mishra: I am sorry, you were not very clear. 
Nishita Shanklesha: I just wanted to understand -- am I audible now? 
Ravi Mishra: You are audible, yeah. 
Moderator: Nishita, I would request you to use your phone on the handset mode in case if you are on a 
hands-free mode. 
Nishita Shanklesha: Yeah, yeah, sure. So, am I audible right now? 
Ravi Mishra: Yeah, go ahead. 
===== PDF PAGE 4 =====
  OSEL Devices Limited 
  June 02, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
Nishita Shanklesha: Yeah, I just wanted to understand why is our interest cost almost double in H2 FY26? And on a 
steady-state basis, what sort of interest cost can we see going forward? 
Ravi Mishra: Okay. Interest cost might have doubled which is shown in the books. One, of course, we have 
taken funds against the mutual fund, so interest is anyway incurring, but the mutual fund earnings 
are not shown in the books because it will come when the mutual funds have closed. So, that is 
an additional interest that we are incurring right now.  
And of course, our working capital limits also have been increased, and so the interest cost is 
there, which is added to it. Going forward, we are anyway working on these terms, and we are 
trying to basically improve our working capital utilization. Instea d of just utilizing cash credit 
from there, we are trying to convert it into LC and other terms, which will basically reduce our 
interest terms. So, we will be better utilizing the funds and limits available to us. 
Nishita Shanklesha: Okay, understood. And another question would be on capex. Are we looking for any capex in 
FY27? If so, how much would be the amount and what will the capex for? 
Ravi Mishra: As we have mentioned, we have a project for JNPA wherein we are trying to set up our own 
manufacturing hub. So, this will certainly be requiring capex in all those things. We are working 
on that. We have recently received the LOI for it, and we are workin g on it. Once we have the 
complete clarity on it, we will know the numbers that would be required for the capex in that. 
Nishita Shanklesha: Right. So, like what is the update on this project? Where are we at right now? 
Ravi Mishra: So, we have recently, last month itself, we have got the LOI from the JNPA, which is the 
allotment and all those things. Now we are already working on the project. Project is being 
prepared. So, once everything is done, we will know the actual cost that we need to incur in that 
project and the timelines. And accordingly, we will have clarity on that. 
Nishita Shanklesha: Okay, okay, understood. And my next question is on like we've done around 57% of revenue 
growth in FY26. So, going forward, what sort of growth do we see in FY27 and FY28? And 
even on our margins, like is the 18% margin sustainable for long term? 
Ravi Mishra: Right. So, in terms of business growth and all, we are going in a good way, and all the three 
verticals that we have been working with is doing good and they are increasing. Philips vertical 
has just started last year itself, and it has contributed well, and we are expecting it to grow much 
faster and much further actually. So, yes, we will be maintaining this growth rate and maybe we 
can better it from here. 
And in terms of EBITDA margins, we are expecting it to be similar or even better because we 
are also entering into retail of with SFL acquisition. We are also getting into the retail acquisition 
-- retail business of hearing aids, which is high -margin business. So, we are expecting both 
growth and EBITDA margins to get better from here, at least for next four-five years. 
Nishita Shanklesha: Right. So, on retail front, like are we going to see any revenue contribution starting from FY27? 
===== PDF PAGE 5 =====
  OSEL Devices Limited 
  June 02, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
Ravi Mishra: Yes. The acquisition of SFL is already doing some revenue in terms of like INR26 crores-INR27 
crores, I am sure they are closing last year. And we are going to improve from this. So, that 
revenue is already available to us, which we have not considered in this year's balance sheet, but 
from next year it will be considered to us. So, that contribution is going to come anyways. 
Nishita Shanklesha: Okay, okay, understood. Yeah, thank you. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Achuth, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Achuth: Hello, sir. My first question is, I am new to this company, sir. First, I want to understand like 
regarding mobile side, are we manufacturers or assembler or trading mobile phones, sir? 
Ravi Mishra: Okay. So, technically we are licensed to manufacture mobile phones from Philips. And we are 
doing the end -to-end business of this from manufacture to final retail sales. And in current 
scenario, we have outsourced our manufacturing to another company which is into mobile phone 
manufacturing. 
And once the scale is big enough and stable, and that's when we want to get into our own 
manufacturing and we want to basically invest into our own manufacturing setup. Right now, 
we are outsourcing the manufacturing, which is done by a third-party. 
Achuth: Okay. So, how much is that margin on mobile phone business, sir? Because you are outsourcing, 
what is the margin on mobile phone business, sir? 
Ravi Mishra: We are not outsourcing mobile phones as such , we are outsourcing the job work. So, we are 
anyway keeping giving them just the job work payments for that. But margins that we have in 
terms like I would just say a phone, basic phone that we are selling is costing us around INR650 
to INR667, and then our distributor sales price or our realization is around INR850 on that. So, 
almost the margins are good, around 25%-30%, I guess. This is on the feature phone. 
Achuth: So, are you selling basic mobile, sir? Like the cost is very less, so... 
Ravi Mishra: Yeah. So, we basically started -- correct. So, we started with a safe things basically. We wanted 
to play safe. So, we started with keypad phones rather, which is called feature phones in the 
market. And we started with that. And once we had a stable sale coming up for that, we started 
with our smartphones as well. And from March onwards, our smartphone shipment has already 
started. So, we have entered into smartphone market as well. 
Achuth: Okay. And I mean , in the current financial year, how much percentage of revenue you are 
planning to make from mobile phones, sir? And in the long-term also, what is your goals , sir? 
Like you want to focus more on hearing aid or you want to become a major mobile phone 
manufacturer? What is the thought process for the future? 
Ravi Mishra: Okay. So, that's a difficult question to answer, which one we want to prefer more because all the 
three segments are important to us, and they have different pros and cons, of course. So, when 
it comes to mobile phone, of course, the value addition of mobile phone will grow because it's a 
===== PDF PAGE 6 =====
  OSEL Devices Limited 
  June 02, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
large market. And mobile phone market is very large, meaning smartphone market is INR4 lakh 
crores plus and our feature phone market is around INR10,000 crores plus. 
So, of course, it will have a larger contribution in the top line of the revenue. But when it comes 
to actual bottom line and profitability, hearing aid is where our most favored product is basically 
because the margins are very good in hearing aids. And w e have less competition in terms of 
available competition in the market. 
 So, hearing aid is our favorite in terms of profitability, and mobile phone will become favorite 
in terms of top line. And LED basically will give us the reach that we need in the corporates and 
other places. So, technically all three verticals have important role to play. 
Achuth: And sir, you told that you started smartphone manufacturing since March of this year. So, if it 
is possible, can you mention with which customers you're tied up, sir? Are you tied up with any 
major mobile phone company, sir, or local one? 
Ravi Mishra: No. So, we are doing Philips smartphones. So, we are doing Philips brand smartphones. So, we 
have the brand license from Philips. So, you can consider us to be Philips in India for mobile 
phone category. So, we are not manufacturing for anybody else; we are ma nufacturing on the 
brand of Philips for our own consumption and sales, not for any third party. 
Achuth: Okay. And do you have any target, sir, this year how many number of units you'd be 
manufacturing? 
Ravi Mishra: So, we are creating and we have created our own network of dealers and distributors. And that's 
where the feature phone market has already started and smartphones are also going through that. 
And so far in last year, we have reached around 4.5 lakh plus mo bile feature phones into the 
market, which will continue to grow here. And we are expecting good numbers this year also. 
So, basically when it comes to smartphones and feature phone, the phone segment will have a 
bigger growth in this year. 
Achuth: Okay. And last question, sir, what is the guidance for FY27? 
Ravi Mishra: FY27 guidance. So, as we mentioned basically, we will continue a similar set of growth that we 
have achieved this year. So, and in fact in both the terms, in terms of EBITDA, in terms of top 
line, we will be bettering what we have done this year. 
Achuth: Okay, sir. Thank you. Thank you so much, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the lin e of Deepanshu Bhatia with Finwizz. Please 
go ahead. 
Deepanshu Bhatia: Yeah. Hello, sir. Am I audible? 
Ravi Mishra: Yes, please. 
Deepanshu Bhatia: Yeah. So, congratulations on a like really decent growth of 57%. So, I can see the two major  
segments that your company has. I am tracking the company for the first time. So the two major 
===== PDF PAGE 7 =====
  OSEL Devices Limited 
  June 02, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
segments is one is the hearing aid, second is the LED screens and third one is the smartphone 
manufacturing that you are starting.  
So, coming onto the first two segments, it seems like hearing aid is more certified technologically 
embedded and a higher margin category for the company. So, two questions on that sector: is 
export a big part of our revenue on the hearing aid side? And if I see for the next 3 years on the 
hearing aid, where will the major revenue growth come from? Is it like deeper integration inside 
India or looking at other export markets or like selling higher order hearing aids over time? 
Ravi Mishra: Right. So, hearing aid, of course, as you understood it well that is more profitable and high -
margin product and it has got less competition because it has entry barriers in terms of 
technology and development and research. So, we certainly stand out in th is area basically, 
especially in the country.  
Internationally, we have competition from the big brands; they are well -established brands in 
the international domain. They are called Big Five and other things. So, yes, we are going to 
strengthen our margins and business primarily in India for hearing a ids because India is an 
untapped market.  
We only have less than 3% of penetration meaning the total TAM and the penetration is only 
3%, less than 3%. People who are actually needing to use hearing aids and people who are 
actually using hearing aids, that is less than the 3% of the market. So, as per the data around 88 
million people in India would need hearing aids, which is INR8.8 crores. But total sales of 
hearing aids per year is less than 8 lakh-9 lakh units.  
This is an approximate numbers basically. So, there is a huge market to be tapped in India and 
we are targeting to do that itself basically. So, with that intent only, we have already acquired 
SFL. SFL is basically the audiologist clinics basically which basically dispenses hearing aids to 
the end user, the actual patient or actual consumer of the hearing aid are being dispensed from 
there. So, that is where our retail journey is going to start with. And of course, their margin will 
be much far better than what we are taking today on the hearing aid side of it. 
Deepanshu Bhatia: Okay. So, today there are 8 to 9 lakh hearing aids sold. How much percentage does we have in 
this overall Indian market sale today? 
Ravi Mishra: See, we are currently supplying majorly to wholesale market and government tenders basically, 
which forms a larger part of it, but low priced basically, the ASM what you call average selling 
price of each unit is very low in these segments.  
Deepanshu Bhatia: We are not dominant in the B2C as of today? 
Ravi Mishra: B2C we have not yet started, I would say. In terms of government, we are the largest supplier to 
the Government of India. 
Deepanshu Bhatia: But not private, for that you h ave done an acquisition, right.  So, that you can penetrate deeper 
into that... 
===== PDF PAGE 8 =====
  OSEL Devices Limited 
  June 02, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Ravi Mishra: Correct. 
Deepanshu Bhatia: So, what is the footfall of this subsidiary? How many people visit them every year, unique 
people, so that we can see how we can expand? 
Ravi Mishra: So far what we have seen, they were established in 2014 and they currently have around 100,000 
plus customer base or customer database basically that they have catered to. And that's what we 
have to build on basically, sir. 
Deepanshu Bhatia: Okay, okay. So, it's kind of you have to build on that because 100,000 is like a less small number, 
but it's a good start. Okay. On the second front, on the LED front... 
Ravi Mishra: Basically, it's good for us. I will just give you a basic explanation here. It's good for us because 
see what we sell to government, our selling price is around INR2,500 , INR3,000 per unit. But 
the average selling price in these clinics are INR35,000 to INR40,000 per unit. 
Deepanshu Bhatia: For the same product or upgraded version? 
Ravi Mishra: Upgraded product, not the same product. So, hearing aids basically if we see in the multi-brand 
segment, it goes up to INR4.5 lakh, INR5 lakh per unit. So, that is the potential and possibility 
of hearing aids basically. 
Deepanshu Bhatia: And we have all the abilities to manufacture any version, like the higher version or the higher 
version, right? 
Ravi Mishra: Not exactly, I would not say that. We are currently ready with entry -level segments and we are 
at par with any good brand in terms of entry -level segment. So, that is where we want to start 
targeting. 
Deepanshu Bhatia: The INR20,000 to INR35,000 segment? 
Ravi Mishra: Kind of, yes. Yes. 
Deepanshu Bhatia: Okay. And the LED segment, so on the LED segment, our primary profit driver, is it the sale of 
the LED or the recurring revenue through the platform management of advertisement? The 
profit, the chunk of the profit comes from LED or the service? 
Ravi Mishra: So far it is LED sales only because our platform, the content management system platform that 
we -- that is basically working as a SaaS application  -- has been launched last year itself in the 
current year. So, we have onboarded 300 plus locations in that right now. And we are expecting 
to do it in next two-three years, we will be expecting to reach out a targeted numbers of around 
100,000 units for this. 
Deepanshu Bhatia: Okay, so that has just started. 
Ravi Mishra: That just started, yeah. So, we have already onboarded a good bank, a good national bank 
basically is already our customer base and we are increasing on that. A largest what you call a 
chain of malls is already our customer onboarded on that. So, we have just started with this, and 
===== PDF PAGE 9 =====
  OSEL Devices Limited 
  June 02, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
we are expecting once we reach 100,000 numbers or even 50,000 numbers, it will be contributing 
very well in our revenue segment. Because it is a monthly SaaS model, so there will be monthly 
revenue, recurring revenue coming in from that. 
Deepanshu Bhatia: Okay, why? Because in the presentation you said INR700 to INR800 per month. So, 50,000 
means like INR3 crores to INR4 crores a month might be in that case, right? And right now, till 
today, it's a small sample size, but is it working well? Are they  -- do you think that they will 
keep it for 5 to 10 years this contract, the monthly charge and the management? 
Ravi Mishra: That's why I mentioned one of the top banks in the country has already been onboarded, and 
banks will not let you in with their any application unless it is very well established. 
Deepanshu Bhatia: And you -- do you have a long-term agreement or you just expect that they will continue for 10 
years? 
Ravi Mishra: No, we have long -term agreement with them because we are doing all the upgrade  -- we are 
doing the digitization of all their branches basically. So, they have around 1,800 to 2,000 
branches which we are increasing. 
Deepanshu Bhatia: And just this last question: wherever you provide this advertisement service, it's compulsorily 
you have your own LED or you can provide on any other LED systems also? 
Ravi Mishra: No, our application can work with any application, so you can have your own LED or third -
party LED segment also can work with this. 
Deepanshu Bhatia: Okay, okay. Cool. Thank you, sir. That was my question. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Kailash Shah, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Kailash Shah: Yeah, hi. Am I audible? 
Ravi Mishra: Yeah, please. 
Kailash Shah: Okay. So, my question is around the cash flow statement in the financials which you have 
regrouped compared to... 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt, Kailash, you're not quite audible. Could you also move to a quieter location, 
please? There's a lot of background... 
Kailash Shah: Hello. Yeah. Am I audible now? 
Moderator: Much better. Please go ahead. 
Kailash Shah: Yeah. So, I just wanted to ask the question around the regrouping of the financials which we 
have done. I can see a significant part of the financials for the FY25 have been regrouped, 
especially the cash flow statement.  So, just wanted to understand what exactly has been the 
reason. 
===== PDF PAGE 10 =====
  OSEL Devices Limited 
  June 02, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
 I can see there are certain changes like you have earlier included short -term borrowings in the 
cash flow from operations, that was looking something else, but now picture looks something 
else. And just wanted to understand like who is the CFO of the compa ny taking care of the 
financials? So, just a little bit background of the CFO also, please, if you can help us. 
Ravi Mishra: Sure. So, basically as we have already discussed in the first question, the reclassification has 
happened to correct the erroneous reporting earlier that has happened. So, we have corrected 
that and so the things have moved. I am not a financial guy, but that's how things have been 
moved basically. And so the reclassification has happened. 
Kailash Shah: Okay. And like what about the CFO background if you can share, like whether we have changed 
the management or what exactly it is, so that we can ensure  -- we can be sure of that these 
mistakes or these clerical mistakes, whatever we term it, will not happen going forward? 
Ravi Mishra: Right. So, currently our CFO is MBA Finance from a good institution with proper banking 
background, 10 years plus in banking sector itself. So, that is there. And of course, in terms of 
financial reporting and all those things, we have our CA and other th ings also helping us out 
with this. And while we are also improving our financial accounting systems, things will be 
better and we will try to avoid all these errors in future. 
Kailash Shah: Okay, okay. And do you think like any other change yet to be reviewed from your end to further 
strengthen it? Because I can see the cash flow used to be much better earlier versions, like for 
the FY25 also, but with the -- as we remove the cash flow from the borrowing short term 
borrowings if we would have removed it then it ha s been much negative. Now the FY25 
cashflow seems weird, like is there something to be change? So, like you need to further 
strengthen in the financials or you have done a detailed exercise that okay this is the best policy 
we are now adopting? 
Ravi Mishra: There will be a lot of improvements even in terms of our operations and all those things will also 
improve. Now that we have already been building up our team. Earlier of course we were just a 
small startup kind of a company -- now we are building our team also. New set of experienced 
people are joining in and they have already joined in. We have new CEO onboard also. So, 
things will improve from here. So, we are going to get better only, which is expected from us, 
yeah. 
Kailash Shah: Okay. Thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you for the guidance. Okay. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Nishita Shankalesha from Sapphire Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Nishita Shankalesha: Yes, thank you for taking my follow-up question. Am I audible? 
Moderator: Yes, you are. 
Nishita Shankalesha: Yeah. So, you mentioned that like our hearing aid segment has much better margins. So, is it 
possible for you to give us a segmental margin breakup if possible? 
===== PDF PAGE 11 =====
  OSEL Devices Limited 
  June 02, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Ravi Mishra: I think we can reply this with mail or something like that because I might not have the actual 
numbers right now. But in terms if you ask me holistically, yes, out of all these three products, 
hearing aid has got the best top line  -- bottom line in terms of in terms of profits and all those 
things hearing aid is because it's a medical device. And with the retail coming in,  our margins 
will get much better from there. 
Nishita Shankalesha: Right, okay. And my next question would be, so we you mentioned that currently we just have 
entry-level products for hearing aid. So, are we planning to like move up the segment, like are 
we planning to go towards mid-range of products or something like that? 
Ravi Mishra: Yes. So, we have our in -house R&D team which is continuously working on the product 
development and enhancement of the product and new product launches basically. So, of course, 
we have just started up and we intend to become one of the top companies, one of the top brands 
in hearing aid segment internationally as well.  So, we certainly are going to bring in new 
products and enhanced products into the market. 
 So, when we say we have the entry-level product right now, so entry-level product also what we 
are saying is technologically for basic needs of hearing, we are quite well -versed with the 
product and we are at par with the international brands as well when it comes to the entry-level 
or of course the basic models. But high -end features like more of AI and other things which is 
not the mandatory feature required for a hearing aid, that is where we still have to work on. 
Nishita Sankalesha: Okay, okay, understood. And I just wanted to understand with the acquisition of SFL, so that 
will be our retail leg for hearing aid. So, in that are we going to sell only our brand products or 
are we going to sell other brand products as well? 
Ravi Mishra: Right. So, see all these clinics basically like SFL, they are multi -brand centers. And based on 
the customer needs, requirement because all , single product does not fit everybody. So, 
everybody have a different need and requirement and that can be served from a different product 
segment actually. So, they are mostly multi-brand and we intend to keep it multi-brand itself so 
that we don't lose a ny revenue as such on this. And since we once we have the multi -brand 
product range, the customer footfall will be better. 
 And that will help us sell our product also and pitch our product also to the same consumer 
base.So, we want to be with the multi -brand thing. Mukesh ji, if you have to input something 
into this? 
Mukesh Sinha: So, I think you have correctly mentioned, so we are intend to be multi -brand, but the new 
addition would be our own products that is coming very soon. So, from we would be able to give 
the complete access from like entry -level to the premium level. So, th at is that is the biggest 
advantage. 
Nishita Sankalesha: Okay, understood. And like currently we are at 42% of revenue mix from hearing aids. So, after 
the consolidation of SFL, do we see that increasing? 
Ravi Mishra: Okay. So, here what will happen is of course hearing aid SFL will be contributing more to it, 
but at the same time our LED segment and mobile segment is going to grow much faster and 
===== PDF PAGE 12 =====
  OSEL Devices Limited 
  June 02, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
much bigger. So, the overall contribution will shrink when it comes to hearing aid in terms of 
percentage of overall sales. But yes, in terms of bottom line or the PAT margins which you say 
will be better contributor from hearing aid side of it. 
Nishita Sankalesha: Right. So, revenue mix will remain like similar to what it is right now. 
Ravi Mishra: In fact, I would say revenue mix would basically tilt more towards mobile phones then LEDs 
and then hearing aids. We are expecting higher numbers from mobile phone sales. 
Nishita Sankalesha: Right. So, if that is the case, then like we can see some pressure on our margins because hearing 
aid is our like better margin segment. Is that understanding, correct? 
Ravi Mishra: Correct, that is correct basically. But at the same time with SFL, the if we say if we are making 
30% margin or 35% margin in hearing aid with our government sales, the same product we 
would be selling at double the price or more than that in our retail s ector. So, even little 
contribution in top line from hearing aids will actually contribute more heavily towards bottom 
line in the overall things. So, that bottom line will not shrink. 
Nishita Sankalesha: Okay, okay, understood.  
Ravi Mishra: Can I am able to answer you correctly here? 
Nishita Sankalesha: Yes, yes. Thank you so much for answering all the questions. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Rajesh, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Rajesh: Hello. Am I audible? 
Moderator: Yes, Rajesh. 
Rajesh: Yeah. Thanks for the opportunity. I was a bit late to the call, so some of the questions might be 
a repeat. Please apologize in advance for that. I have three questions basically. First is how is 
JNPA placed for growth and what are the segments that we are targeting here? 
Ravi Mishra: Okay. So, JNPA is basically it's an industrial land that we have got from JNPA authority in Navi 
Mumbai. It's basically a port in Mumbai. And we are trying to set up our manufacturing hub. It 
will be an SEZ. SEZ means we will be away from tax, GST, and import duties from there, custom 
duties will not be acquiring there. So, that we are targeting for international customers. We want 
to improve our export business and we want to target international customers in North America, 
Middle East, and Africa. 
 And we are trying to create a setup here, it will basically manufacturing, logistics hub, and 
warehousing. This will basically cater to these different international markets, and we expect to 
have better margins, more revenue from coming up from these plac es. So, it will be additional 
revenue that will come in, and it might be better than what we are currently doing in the domestic 
market. 
===== PDF PAGE 13 =====
  OSEL Devices Limited 
  June 02, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Rajesh: Got it. Sir, what all segments are you targeting from this place? 
Ravi Mishra: From JNPA? 
Rajesh: Yeah. 
Ravi Mishra: See, majorly it will be LED business because everyone is looking for China plus one. And this 
gives us this location gives us strategic advantage wherein we are not incurring any import 
duties, taxes, and all. And so , what we can do is we can cater to the China plus one customer 
who are looking for outside China manufacturing, they can always come to us. And we are also 
in talks with multiple Chinese manufacturers who can basically whom we can tie up and we can 
produce in that location for their customers as well. 
Rajesh: So, this facility wherein we have a lot of advantage in terms of tax saving, etcetera, duties, 
etcetera, what would be the price difference or what would be the cost advantage there we would 
have versus a Chinese peer? 
Ravi Mishra: See, in terms of cost advantage, it will be at par with what China would be doing because our 
raw material would still come in from China or other sources which is currently the same. But 
in terms it will not be incurring any cost in terms of domestic logi stics and local taxation and 
other things. So, it will certainly have better cost advantage compared to domestic 
manufacturing. 
Because logistics cost is much cheaper, we are at the port. Being at the port saves lots on lots on 
logistics as well. And also, it will be speed of transformation basically. So, being at the port our 
export will be much faster and import will be faster as  well for raw materials. So, overall, it is 
giving us lot of advantages in terms of local -- domestic manufacturing also. 
And also with the new budget, we can actually export to India as well at lower tax rates. So, 
anybody currently importing from China will have a disadvantage compared to us , because we 
will be able to give the same product for their imports, but at a better duty, import custom duties. 
So, even the domestic sales will also be basically -- domestic importers who are importing from 
China currently can import from us as well at a lower import duty rate. 
Rajesh: Got it. This is very clear, sir. Sir, my second question is , how is the mobile phone segment 
progressed, and can you explain our penetration strategy in different markets that we are 
targeting? 
Ravi Mishra: Mobile phone is doing well. We just started six -seven months back onto that. And we already 
have around 200 plus distributors in that. And we have reached around 13,000 plus touchpoints 
in terms of retail outlets and shops and all those things that are on boarded with us. So, that is 
doing good. We started with feature phone which is basically more into rural areas and Tier 2, 
Tier 3 cities. We are doing good there. 
And with the Philips brand, the acceptance is very good. And also, in terms of product feedback, 
we have got very positive feedback about the product that we have launched in. And now with 
===== PDF PAGE 14 =====
  OSEL Devices Limited 
  June 02, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
the smartphone, we are also trying to get more visibility in the market basically. And we will be 
targeting online sales as well. 
So, that would soon happen. Once we have first one-two lots within the distributor network and 
consumed in that, then we will be going into online sales as well, which will give us more 
visibility in terms of actual users. So, currently we are targeting our network, we are improving 
on and increasing our network base, which will help us with that. 
Rajesh: Got it. And how significant would be the export opportunity here in mobile phone? 
Ravi Mishra: Currently with the agreement that we have with Philips, export is not there in that. We are 
targeting Indian market itself. 
Rajesh: Okay, got it, sir. And sir, my third and last question is can you explain a bit granularly regarding 
how SFL would help us increase the margins? 
Ravi Mishra: See, SFL is a retail business. And hearing aid as we mentioned in current scenario what we are 
doing with hearing aids is we are supplying to government segments and all those things where 
the margins are lower for us compared to other products. But the moment we get into retail, our 
sale prices will increase further. 
So, just an example, if what I am selling currently for INR2,500, I will be able to sell it for 
around INR4,500-INR5,000. Numbers will not be as big as the numbers that we are selling into 
government segment right now, but whatever number comes in, the margins will be much better 
or maybe doubled or tripled actually from the current system. 
Rajesh: Okay. So, those were my questions, sir. Congratulations on the result and I'll get back in the 
queue if I have any follow-up. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from Rohit with RMS Growth Fund. Please go ahead. 
Rohit: Hi. I hope I'm audible. 
Ravi Mishra: Yes, please. 
Rohit: Yes. So, firstly congrats on a good set of numbers and achieving almost 60% year -on-year 
growth. I have three questions. I'll just start with a clarification. Since you mentioned , you can 
do better than your growth last year or at least as good, can we assume that you can do north of 
INR500 crores top line in FY27 given you closed at around INR300 crores this last year? 
Ravi Mishra: If the math suggests so, we will be able to do that. 
Rohit: Okay, great. So, just a couple of questions. I think you had made a  -- you had published a few 
hires that you had made I think sometime in February. And one of them was a Mr. Captain 
Vivek, I think, who was going to look more after the government and defense segment. Can you 
tell us a little bit more about that? What prompts you guys to go after this segment? What is your 
strategy here and have you -- do you have any updates on this? 
===== PDF PAGE 15 =====
  OSEL Devices Limited 
  June 02, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Ravi Mishra: So, up till last year, we did not actually have a sales team, which I have mentioned multiple 
times in my previous calls and meetings. So, we have started building our team actually, and 
which is more business focused. So, we have had very good hirings in  December, January, and 
which we gave so we have now a strong team. Especially with Captain comes from a defense 
background, he was serving in army itself basically. 
And after that he was into private sector , at more important positions , with the government 
liaisoning and other things. So, we are expecting good defense business coming in from him. He 
is already meeting up with the clients in defense basically, different defense sectors. So, he will 
be spearheading our defense business, especially with LEDs are being used in command centers 
basically, in even the outward post, they're using those command centers for monitoring 
everything at the borders. So, the defense has got good requirement for our LED products. So, 
he will be responsible for it. 
Rohit: Understand. And do you have any business already from this segment? Or do you have any order 
wins or is there any pipeline that you have in this segment? 
Ravi Mishra: So far if you see, we already have a client base which is very well well-versed with this basically. 
We have IMA in Military Academy as our customer, we have Naval Academy as our customer, 
we have Air Force as our customer, we have certain outpost in defe nse, that we have already 
done our implementation. In terms of DRDO is my customer  -- DRDO is already utilizing our 
things, he's a customer. ISRO is a customer. 
So, we are anyway very well already into that, but they are segmented numbers. So, now with 
Captain Vivek coming in, we will be more focusing on defense businesses. And we are expecting 
because we already have a pre-qualification and customer base and experience with that, without 
doing much sales into it actually. So, now with the outreach program, which is led by Captain 
Vivek, we are expecting good business from the defense. 
Rohit: Understand, understand. And I think your -- I don't know if this was covered earlier -- but your 
H2 to H1 revenue was  at an overall level was flattish. So, was there any impact, did you guys 
have any impact because of the war or was there any revenue deferment that caused you guys to 
close somewhat flattish H2 versus H1? 
Ravi Mishra: There were certain logistic delays, of course, because there to o -- because of war the logistics 
are anyway getting delayed. And of course, because we are into electronic industries, electronic 
supply chain has also been disturbed actually. So, yes, we did g ot delayed with certain revenue 
which could have been in March itself, but we had to book it in an April actually. So, there were 
delays in tunes of INR25 crores-INR30 crores which we could not basically achieve in our past 
year. 
Rohit: Understand, understand. Okay, thanks. That's all I have. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from Ankur Aggarwal with Motozak LLP. Please go ahead. 
===== PDF PAGE 16 =====
  OSEL Devices Limited 
  June 02, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Ankur Aggarwal: Hi. My first question is, out of INR29 crores of PAT we did last year, how much money have 
we received that was outstanding? And which customers  have, what kind of credit period that 
we give to them? 
Ravi Mishra: Okay. So, I would not be able to answer exactly to these numbers. But yes, we majorly have 
government, corporate customers, and our partners which is basically system integrators when 
it comes to LED and all. And as I mentioned earlier in my last call also, so we are trying to move 
from being a direct to customer sales to partner driven sales.  So, we have major sales through 
partners, which is happening. And that, that's where our major sales are happening now. So, we 
are only targeting to have large customer... 
Ankur Aggarwal: Yes, sorry, sir. I just wanted to have a rough idea of, how much of our money is outstanding for 
more than maybe 60 days, 90 days or something like that. How much time it takes for us to 
receive our money on average? 
Ravi Mishra: See, in general our terms in general our terms even with most of the corporate will be within 90 
days basically. But what happens at times our LED business specifically is project -based 
business, which means we have to wait for site readiness and basically  site approvals, all those 
things are required before we actually can do certain , even the supplies are happened, but the 
site is not ready. So, implementation will take place. 
 And once those things are done, then we will be able to invoice the customer. So, even while it 
is a 90 days term with the customer, it might still get 120 days extension because the installation 
we were waiting for installation and things up even after su pply. So, then the numbers would 
look different basically. 
Ankur Aggarwal: So, sir, any bad debt as of now in the books? 
Ravi Mishra: We have not booked any bad debt as of now in the books, but we have certain in tunes of some 
INR10 lakh, INR12 lakh so far which is due for a longer period, more than a year's time. But 
otherwise everything is beyond within six months of time for us. But INR10 lakhs, INR12 lakhs 
is what we are struggling with. So, we may try to we are trying to recover that. 
Ankur Aggarwal: Got it, sir. Sir, and my second question is, like, you mentioned we sold around 4.5 lakh units in 
H2 mobile units. So, can you tell me, do you also track what is the sell-through data from those 
distributors or dealers? I mean, how many mobiles were actually activated? 
Ravi Mishra: I can get that data and come back to you on that? 
Ankur Aggarwal: All right, sir. Thank you, sir. 
Ravi Mishra: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, in the interest of time, we take the last question from Jaideep 
Ray, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Jaideep Ray: Hello. 
===== PDF PAGE 17 =====
  OSEL Devices Limited 
  June 02, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Ravi Mishra: Yes, hello. Go ahead, Jaideep. 
Jaideep Ray: Good afternoon, sir. My question is what is the current monthly mobile sales, can you tell, sir? 
Ravi Mishra: We have already reached now 60,000 plus, 60,000 or 70,000 plus units stable sales every month 
in the in terms of feature phones. Smartphone we have just added recently, so we will have some 
numbers for that in coming month to come. But for feature phone, 60,000 plus is very 
comfortable for us now. Of course, every month is not the same number, like Diwali will come 
so numbers will certainly triple or four times will happen. But average out if we say, 60,000 plus 
numbers are there. 
Jaideep Ray: And you're in your presentation you are telling that your H2 mobile sales is around 4 lakh 
something, 4 lakh. It is H2 sales or total financial year sales? 
Ravi Mishra: So, majorly see we started in September, August -September only for the sales. So, major sales 
in H2 only. But it is total financial year sales, yeah. 
Jaideep Ray: Because in September till September only you are I think you sold around 20 crores to 25 crores 
of amount. 
Ravi Mishra: Correct, that's right, yeah. Correct. 
Jaideep Ray: Means same in second half also you sold same amount of mobile, you know? 
Ravi Mishra: Yeah, I think in second half in total mobile sales, the number  that I remember is around INR55 
crores. 
Jaideep Ray: INR55 crore s, okay. And my second question is in last con -call you mentioned about some 
foreign LED partnership, you have done INR20 crore s around sales to foreign customer, and 
told that two pipelines are underway. What is the, what is the current status and what is the future 
of this there, can you tell? 
Ravi Mishra: So, basically in LED we have already added some OEM. OEM means we are talking about big 
brands for whom we are manufacturing our LED basically. So, we are supplying to big brands 
with their brand name. So, we are already doing that. Last year we have done OEM sales in tunes 
of around INR30 crores in total. And for LED, we have an export of around INR10  crores, 
INR12 crores in Vietnam and Singapore. So, we have done that. Plus we have had some export 
of hearing aids as well in Middle East and Mi ddle East market. So, that kind of export so in 
tunes of INR23 crores we have done in exports last year. 
Jaideep Ray: Okay. And what will be the amount can tell this year, what will be your target there? 
Ravi Mishra: So, of course with the customer base increasing, we are expecting good growth in export sales 
also. So, we should be doing I should be easily achieving INR50 crores in export sales this year. 
Jaideep Ray: Okay. Thank you. Thank you very much. 
Ravi Mishra: Thank you. 
===== PDF PAGE 18 =====
  OSEL Devices Limited 
  June 02, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to Mr. Rajendra Ravi Shankar Mishra for the closing remarks. 
Ravi Mishra: Hi. Thank you everyone for joining in and being a part of OSEL team. And with your support, 
we have been actually able to achieve all these growth because without funds, without investor 
money, these growths while it is available but it is not possible. So, thank you all for everything 
for helping us with this growth. And for future also, we are very much positive about our growth 
and we will continue to have similar growth that we have been achieving in last few years for at 
least next few years. 
And there will be continued growth in terms of development of new product, in terms of addition 
of JNPA manufacturing hub, which will add good numbers to our actual balance sheet. So, we 
will be working hard towards that. And we will be sharing progress wi th you in possibly in 
quarter we are targeting to give you quarterly reports if possible, maybe from the third quarter 
of this year. And to give more transparency and visibility to our shareholders. Thank you 
everyone. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of OSEL Devices Limited, that concludes this 
conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 