
===== PDF PAGE 1 =====
 
 
 
 
Date: 29th November, 2024 
To, 
The Manager 
Department of Corporate Compliance, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051. 
 
NSE Symbol: SAHASRA 
Subject: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Transcripts of Post Earnings Conference Call held on              
27th  November, 2024.   
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
With reference to our letter dated 24 th November, 2024 regarding a schedule for Conference Call of 
Investors and Analysts scheduled on Wednesday, 27th November, 2024, and pursuant to Regulation 30 
and Part A of Schedule III of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 
2015, we hereby provide transcripts of the Company’s H1FY25 Post Earnings Conference Call held 
with the Investors/Analysts on 27-11-2024.  
In compliance with Regulation 46 (2) (oa) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, transcript will also be available on the 
website of the Company. 
Link to access Transcript:  https://www.seslimited.in/investors/SahasraElectronicSolutionsLtd-
Earnings-Nov27-2024.pdf    
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
Neha Tahir 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No. A46571 
 
===== PDF PAGE 2 =====
 
Page 1 of 22 
 
 
“Sahasra Electronic Solutions Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 27, 2024 
       
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. AMRIT MANWANI – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR -- SAHASRA ELECTRONIC SOLUTIONS 
LIMITED 
 MR. VARUN MANWANI – NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR -
- SAHASRA ELECTRONIC SOLUTIONS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: MR. RAMADHIN RANE – HEM SECURITIES 
 
 

===== PDF PAGE 3 =====
  Sahasra Electronic Solutions Limited 
  November 27, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 22 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Sahasra Electronics Solutions Limited Q2 
and H1 F Y ' 25 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Hem  Securities. As a reminder, all 
participant line will be in listen -only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pre ssing star, then zero on your touchtone phone.  Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ramadhin Rane from Hem Securities. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Ramadhin Rane: Thanks, Sejal. Ladies and gentlemen, very good afternoon. I welcome you all to the H1 F Y '25 
Post-Earnings Conference Call of Sahasra Electronics Solutions Limited. Today on the call from 
the management team, we have with us Mr. Amrit Manwani, Managing Director, and Mr. Varun 
Manwani, Director of the Company. 
 As a disclaimer, I would like to inform you all that this call may contain forward -looking 
statements, which may involve risk and uncertainties. Also, a reminder that this call is being 
recorded. 
 I would now request the management to brief us about the business and performance highlights 
for the half-year that went by, the growth plan, and visions for the coming year, post which we 
will open the floor for Q&A. Over to you, Amrit, sir. 
Amrit Manwani: Good afternoon and a very warm welcome to all the shareholders who are on the call. Just by 
way of introduction, I would like to inform you that Sahasra Electronics Solutions Limited 
operates across key verticals that include PCB assembly, which is known a s EMS industry, 
memory products and solutions, consumer and enterprise IT hardware, and semiconductor 
packaging, and smart LED lighting. 
 Together with our group companies, our global footprint includes offices in the US, Canada, 
Europe, Africa, the UK, and Asia, to which we sell these markets. Last few years, we saw healthy 
growth in our company. However, header towards excess inventory mad e our customers hold 
back orders. The shortage in the semiconductor industry leads to stock up inventory in the last 
few years. 
 But with the new trends, now that we see a little bit of stability in the market, the new trends are 
orders are likely to accelerate in H2 of this current financial year. Geopolitical volatility across 
the world has had an impact on export orders from the US in the first half of this year. Your 
company sees stability going forward, and the new administration in the US may impact 
positively to our growth. 
 However, to de-risk from over-dependence on US exports, we are in the process of diversifying 
our customer profile to other geographies. Two sizable contracts, one in Taiwan and the other 
in Dubai, have been signed. Other geographies like the European Union, UK, Middle East, and 
Southeast Asia are being explored to ensure a stronger pipeline of orders. Your company is also 
focusing on R&D to ensure that we go on to become an ODM supplier. This shift will ensure 
better margins that will benefit all the shareholders and investors. 
===== PDF PAGE 4 =====
  Sahasra Electronic Solutions Limited 
  November 27, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 22 
 
 In the IT hardware vertical, since our partnership with Thomson METAVISIO did not yield the 
desired results, we are now also looking to sign a contract agreement with other potential 
partners, both domestically and overseas.  Work is underway on these accounts, and 
announcements will be made as and when things are crystallized. 
 Further to what has been discussed, semiconductor demand worldwide will double in the next 
six years, and it is expected to move from the current demand of about $500 billion to over $1 
trillion. The semiconductor landscape in India is expected to grow six-fold in the same period. 
 With Sahasra being one of the early movers in the semiconductor industry in India, with an 
operational ATMP facility, we are sure to reap the benefits of the demand growth. To ensure we 
strike when the iron is hot, we have made a Senior Expat hire for our semiconductor units. Mr. 
Jerry Enriquez from the Philippines have joined us recently and come with a rich experience of 
18 years from organizations like Texas Instruments and On Semi. 
 We are looking at more expats hiring from Semicon mature geographies. Your company has 
further increased its stake in Sahasra Semiconductor from 54% to 72% to ensure our 
shareholders reap the benefits at the right time. We are looking to further increase the stake in 
the second half of this financial year. 
 The softness of our results is also attributable to our increased expenditure on R&D as an effort 
to work towards both capability and make an India initiative. Though not short -term, this step 
will start to show benefits in the medium time frame, thereby e nsuring that we are future ready 
as well. While we have spoken about our roadmap ahead, how it looks like, I would also like to 
advise our respected investors and shareholders that our present is both stable and secure. 
 From the IPO proceeds, about INR40 crores has been utilized for increasing our stake in our 
Semicon subsidiary, and some proceeds have been also used to bring down our working capital 
requirements as well as for some equipment purchase. The rest of the amount, which includes a 
fixed deposit of INR100 crores, is being held for use as per the roadmap shared in the IPO 
prospectus. It is also of importance to note that our profit margins have stabilized at about 20%, 
and we are aiming to maintain this in the times to come. 
 We are looking to end this year with a 20% growth or more. Proceeds of the IPO being deployed 
in this year will get us benefits in the next year that will result in over two-fold growth next year 
in their own words. 
 With this, I would like to hand over to our Director, Mr. Varun Manwani, to add something from 
his side on the market and how he sees the company going forward. Over to you, Varun. 
Varun Manwani: Thank you, Chairman and Mr. Manwani. Welcome to all the investors and shareholders. I 
wanted to speak on three points.  Point number one is, as already mentioned by the Chairman 
and Managing Director, that there is a certain volatility in the market with respect to what is 
happening in the US, and a lot is expected to change definitely in the favour of the growing 
economies like India. 
===== PDF PAGE 5 =====
  Sahasra Electronic Solutions Limited 
  November 27, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 22 
 
 And so, we are definitely also waiting to see the outcome of those announcements early next 
calendar year. The second point is that, yes, unfortunately, Thomson did not yield the right 
results for us. However, we have contracts under works with two to three other parties, which 
are at very final stages. Those announcements will be made as and when we sign up those deals, 
which I am actively working on, along with our team. 
 These should compensate for the lack of business growth with Thomson, which unfortunately is 
due to certain market conditions that they are facing.  Not that we are not going to grow our 
business with Thomson, but we definitely want to diversify our portfolio so that there is enough 
of risk mitigation. 
 Addition to the laptop side, even on the other hardware projects, we are looking to grow our 
memory portfolio by engaging with customers and signing contracts in Europe, in the Middle 
East, and Africa. Again, those announcements shall be made quickly as and when we initiate 
these transactions. 
 On the EMS side, we see a few sectors that are strong for us, which will yield results in the time 
to come. That is the medical sector, marine, and also, we are targeting the automotive space. 
These are three areas where there are slightly longer durations in terms of the order winning and 
the growth thereafter. 
 But these are three key areas that we are focusing on. These three key areas are longer driving 
bets and with reasonable margins. However, we are also targeting a couple of other fast-moving 
sectors, such as the metering industry. As and when we are able to sign up those deals, we will 
be making the announcements accordingly. 
 That's all from my side for now. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question -and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Sunil Sharma from Research Analysts. Please go ahead. 
Sunil Sharma: Yes, first of all, congratulations for your good listing and after you have done your first con-call, 
sir. Sir I just want to ask you three questions. So, please. Okay. So, my question is related to this 
network business because in 2025, government is coming with import restrictions . So, how do 
you see this business? You can just take this opportunity. 
Varun Manwani: Mr. Sunil, you want to ask all your questions together and then we answer or you would like us 
to answer one by one? 
Sunil Sharma: Yes, sir. One by one.  
Varun Manwani: Yes. So, Mr. Sunil, very correctly pointed out, the government is coming out with import 
restrictions on certain IT hardware products. And as a result of that, there is heightened activity 
within the industry in terms of relationship or deal finalization b etween entities. And as I just 
mentioned during my monologue that we are actively pursuing some of these deals.  
===== PDF PAGE 6 =====
  Sahasra Electronic Solutions Limited 
  November 27, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 22 
 
And this is a very positive step from the government because it pushes the brands and the IT 
hardware community to hasten their deal signing. So, we are in very active discussions. And we 
should be able to sign up some of these and it will benefit your company. So, we will definitely 
make these announcements shortly. 
Amrit Manwani: Okay. Thank you, sir. And this is my second question related to our semiconductor business. 
Because of this semiconductor packaging is basically an initial point and definitely we need 
huge money and huge effort from the technical team. So, first of all, c an you share with you a 
basic small idea like what is your product portfolio for the next one year or two years? You are 
talking about the SD driver.  
So, how much time are we expecting this project? Also, we have the demand of NAND flash 
memory. This is like a unique product and demand is going to be very big. So, how is your 
timeline for these projects or products you are going to launch? These products need mass 
production. And before mass production, product failure rate is the highest. For mass production, 
before that, you need huge hard work and product success is a must. So, sir, what is your product 
timeline? Can you explain? 
Varun Manwani: Right. Sunilji, thank you for your understanding the semiconductor industry because it is a very, 
very different industry from the EMS. And very few people have understanding about this. So, 
I am very glad that you have this very clear understanding that there are a lot of challenges. But 
having said that, Sahasra Semiconductors as a subsidiary of Sahasra Electronic Solutions is very 
well poised.  
We had made announcements last year that in September of 2023, we had started our operations 
from a sampling standpoint. And over the last year, we have been doing lots and lots of trials on 
different materials to be able to look at the best performance, best price performance ratio. And 
over this entire one-year period, we have submitted samples to all the large players in the LED 
lighting market.  
And so far, we have received a positive response from every single company that we have been 
engaged with. Additionally, over this last year, we have brought in all the pending equipment 
that was to be brought into the plant for us to move to scale manufac turing. And sometime in 
December is when we will start the final push towards the large-scale manufacturing.  
So, we shall see green shoots from there in the first quarter of calendar year FY25. And because 
now we have all the equipment, all the setup, everything in place, the volumes will start to grow. 
The LED driver I see is part of legacy packaging, which means basic-level packaging. And this 
is going to be a volume -related business because the value of the product is very low, but the 
numbers that are there is very, very large.  
Having said that, as I said that we have submitted samples to everybody in the industry. And 
December onwards, we are going to start to finalize contracts with everybody for their individual 
volumes, which are definitely in millions. Clearly, the competiti on is only China, because 
everybody is importing from China 
===== PDF PAGE 7 =====
  Sahasra Electronic Solutions Limited 
  November 27, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 22 
 
Sunil Sharma: This product is unique, sir. No one in India is like, I think, building this packaging. So, LED 
driver importing 100 percent. 
Varun Manwani: Absolutely. And so, this LED driver, I see, we will be the only one doing it in this period. 
Therefore, that is one of the product categories which is being targeted. The second product 
category is a DFN package. DFN is a particular kind of package, Dual Flat No -lead. And this 
package, we are again, working on a specific project, whereby it is for a specialized customer. 
 This is in the security segment. And I cannot reveal more details, because it is still not signed 
up. But again, we are in the active stage of finalizing the deal. And December onwards, we start 
sampling with them. This is going to be much less volume tha n the LED driver, I see, which is 
very, very large volume of, you know, 100 million pieces and beyond. But this is a very niche 
application, whereby it is for X customer only. And so, there is a clear-cut engagement, whereby 
it will be them only who will be buying this from us for their captive needs. So, that is on that. 
 Coming to the third package, which is the memory devices. Over the last couple of years, the 
demand for IT hardware had swelled up worldwide, because of the semiconductor shortages. 
And then, it started to taper down for some period. And therefore, curren tly, the memory 
business worldwide is down, which is good for us, because it has given us a lot of time to 
stabilize our manufacturing process.  
And there are expectations that post first quarter of calendar year 2025, demand will pick up 
very rapidly. Again, there we are already supplying to the market, so our business is already 
there. But the larger volumes have not started. It is post this firs t quarter, where we'll start to 
really look at the volumes going up.  
Sunil Sharma:  Okay, sir. So, have you successfully tested your NAND flash memory? 
Varun Manwani: Absolutely. The NAND flash memory is successfully tested, and it is already available in the 
market. 
Sunil Sharma: Okay, sir. Very good, sir. Because some small companies are doing this much of effort, and this 
is great, sir. My final question related to, sir, this is like one indirect question. So, sir, in UP, we 
have this EMC cluster, like the government is focusing towards this electronic manufacturing. 
And in UP, sir, we sent this EMC also only from UP, sir, only single com pany, and that is the 
Tegna, sir, Tegna Electronics Limited. 
 So, where we have Foxling is also indirect, Foxling and Sahasra  is also part, because of I have 
seen our CMC also have like some from this Tegna Electronics. So, in future, sir, this Foxling 
is also coming for this product for Apple . So, anything, sir, in future, because Apple also now, 
they want more and more local products. They want to just procure from India. 
 So, in future, I'm not talking about, sir, this one year or two years. In future, sir, because of huge 
length you have there for this manufacturing cluster. So, in future, any plan related to this tie -
up, how this helps for our company in future, sir? 
===== PDF PAGE 8 =====
  Sahasra Electronic Solutions Limited 
  November 27, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 22 
 
Amrit Manwani: The manufacturing cluster that you're talking about is the Tegna cluster. The name of the 
company, Tegna Electronics Private Limited, is just an SPV for the purpose of getting the EMC 
grant from the Ministry of Electronics and IT. There are five investors, including Foxling, Oppo, 
Winbond, and also one of our group companies, Infopower, where we have joint venture with 
MiTac. 
 We will see how it goes; what kind of developments take place at the cluster. We will definitely 
be looking at if we can provide anything to Foxling or Oppo or Winbond. We will definitely 
keep on exploring. Fortunately, we have a large piece of land in that cluster. So, we will see how 
best we can utilize it. Okay. 
Sunil Sharma: Okay, sir. Thank you, sir. You just answered my all three questions. And congratulations, sir, 
from Intel company to SME company, we are getting this semiconductor packaging, which is 
very good news, sir. For telecom also, we have seen, like, Sahasra is doing some semiconductor 
work. So, this is great. Thank you, sir, for this con call. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Akshay from CD Integrated Services Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
Akshay: So, I have a couple of questions. So, first question is that I have gone through one news article, 
in that sir has said that we have done, we have signed a deal with Thomson and we are expecting 
to manufacture around INR200 crores goods in this financial year. So, as you have said in the 
commentary that we will not do more business with this Thomson. So, what is our guidance for 
this financial year for revenue guidance? 
Amrit Manwani: So, when we made those statements at that time, Thomson were looking at much larger ticket 
size in terms of the orders that they were expecting from both Europe as well as domestically in 
India. They had some challenges. Therefore, we have had to soften those numbers, but not to 
say that if they can get their act together and grow the business, we would be happy to support 
them. But, you know, as Mr. Varun Manwani  mentioned, to derisk ourselves only to one 
company, we are looking at other com panies with whom we are trying to set up contracts and 
agreements so that we can grow in the IT hardware business. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shaju from Bekaert Industries. Please go ahead. 
Shaju: So, the thing is, the revenue point of view, when I checked, the recent announcement was a little 
bit lower than the expectations. We were expecting about INR50 crores in the revenue point of 
view in the September results, but it was not there. So that can  be recovered in the upcoming 
March 2025. Do you think it will be recovered or do you think it will take some time to recover? 
Can you shed some light on this?  
Amrit Manwani: So, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, I said that the growth did not occur. In fact, it was 
flat. And there was also another reason that because of technical reasons, being in the SEZ, some 
of the products that we had manufactured, we were not able to show it as a sale on the last day. 
So, barring the technical issue, we would have had about 1% or 2% growth over the previous 
year for the same period. However, going forward, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, we 
are looking at definitely 20% growth over the '23-'24 figures. 
===== PDF PAGE 9 =====
  Sahasra Electronic Solutions Limited 
  November 27, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 22 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deepak Mehta from MetLife. Please go ahead. 
Deepak Mehta: So, my question is around before IPO, there was -- in the media, there is one article where 
management is saying that we can achieve INR10,000 crores of revenue per annum. So, I am 
not sure that if you remember or not, but I think it was around February… 
Moderator: Mr. Deepak. Yes, sir. Please continue. 
Deepak Mehta: Yes, sir. My question is around before IPO, there was one article on media where Sahasra 
management was saying that we can clock revenue of around INR10,000 crores in next three to 
five years, I guess. So, do you believe it is possible given the tailwinds in the industry and 
capability of our company? 
Amrit Manwani: Well, that was perhaps quoted, or I would say not correctly quoted by the media. That was a 
remark made at the Thompson launch of their laptops in India at the French Embassy, where 
they had given indication of numbers that they would be doing more than 1 million units of 
laptops a year. And that converted to the price was INR10,000 crores. 
But that was specific to the IT hardware that Thompson had projected. We would be happy to 
support Thompson if they can meet the numbers. From a manufacturing standpoint, within next 
five to seven years, we would have the manufacturing capacity. Now, it is  upon Thompson 
whether they meet those numbers. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ash eesh Soni from Family Office. Please go 
ahead. 
Asheesh Soni: Sir, regarding outlook for next two to three years, what's your conservative growth guidance 
considering tailwinds as well as margin profile? And you mentioned in the initial remarks about 
the US policy. So, in what way will that give a tailwind to our company? 
Amrit Manwani: Okay, I don't want to make it too long. I'll give you a short answer. The proceeds of IPO are now 
scheduled to be deployed. And the benefits of that would be starting -- we would be starting to 
accrue the benefits next year. So, as we go ahead, the outlook looks very positive. As I said in 
my opening remarks, we are looking at doubling our growth next year. 
And definitely in the future years also, as we grow capacity, we would be in a sweet spot. 
Because clearly, if you look at the macroeconomics and the macro outlook of the country of 
India, the electronic output or the electronic demand of the country is bound to go up four times 
from a current level of about $120 billion to more than $400 billion. So, there is enough room 
for growth for all your electronic companies, including your company Sahasra Electronics. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Akash Jain from Vijit Global Securities Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Akash Jain: I have certain questions. My first question is what is the reason for OPM going down in H1? I 
understand it is because of increasing cost of material consumption. So, what has led to such an 
increase? 
===== PDF PAGE 10 =====
  Sahasra Electronic Solutions Limited 
  November 27, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 22 
 
Amrit Manwani: I didn't hear the last part of the sentence. Can you repeat the last sentence? 
Akash Jain: What has led to the increase in the cost of material consumption, both in terms of percentage as 
well as in absolute numbers? 
Amrit Manwani: Okay. So, as you know, Mr. Varun Manwani mentioned that in the previous years, because of 
semiconductor shortage, the U.S. customers were willing to pay a higher price. However, we 
benefited because we had aligned with our supply chain to get the semiconductors in time and 
at the right price. So, if you see in the last two years, our margins were very healthy. However, 
this year, two things happened.  
In order to increase that momentum, we also landed up with a higher inventory and our 
customers kind of held back on receiving orders. So, our inventory cost went up, number one. 
And secondly, as I mentioned, we have started to invest in R&D that has increased our cost 
structure. And therefore, the margins are lower than the previous year. However, I must mention 
here that even at this current level of 18% to 20%, we are much better than the industry average 
of profit margins. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Paras Chheda from Purpleone Vertex Ventures, 
LLP. Please go ahead. 
Paras Chheda: Yes, sir, my question is with regards to our expansion, now that we'll be spending some INR65 
crores on this electronics capex and another half with respect to semiconductor, and then there's 
some working capital, etcetera. Now, having put all this, as I unde rstand, the benefits will start 
occurring from next financial year. 
What would be now also that this current electronics sector, that capacity utilization standard 
around 55 percentage, having put all this capex, etcetera, into effect over the next couple of 
years, what would be the peak revenue potential capacity from the se investments to the 
company? 
Amrit Manwani: Well, as I mentioned in my remarks, we are looking at doubling our growth next year. And then, 
beyond that, it's kind of just getting into the crystal ball. But we do combined with 
semiconductors, we definitely see that we will be able to grow quite rapidly. The semiconductor 
growth in the country is expected to be 35% CAGR. So, we definitely would benefit from that. 
And similarly, the EMS growth is expected with the overall electronic demand growth going up 
to 4x. So, from both these vertica ls, we should be able to benefit and be a point for a healthy 
growth. That's all I can say. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil from JM Financial Family Office. Please 
go ahead. 
Nikhil: I had basically two questions. One is, if you could split the revenue target, say, twice the growth 
in the fiscal year. How will this growth really or how will the numbers be split between the PCB 
business and the semiconductor business? The second questio n, frankly, which is still not 
answered and somebody also asked earlier is what can be the peak revenue potential from the 
semiconductor business overall, so that at least we get a sense that from the current capex, what 
===== PDF PAGE 11 =====
  Sahasra Electronic Solutions Limited 
  November 27, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 22 
 
is the peak revenue number, which can happen whenever over the next two, three years and 
before you kind of move to the next leg of capex? 
Amrit Manwani: I will respond in a slightly different way. I would say that next year, our ratio of the legacy 
business of EMS and IT hardware, because IT hardware is also in a way EMS, you're doing PCB 
assembly. So, our legacy business of EMS versus semiconductor would be about 2:1. In terms 
of specific numbers, I would say that, as I said, it will be, you know, compared to this year, '24-
'25. Next year, we are looking at, at least doubling or more in the next year. Varun, would you 
like to comment on specific numbers, i f you would like to? Otherwise, we can respond to the 
other part of his question. 
Varun Manwani: No, yes, that's correct. The split between the EMS and Semicon would be two thirds, one third, 
as you've already mentioned it. Having said that, Semicon has slightly more gestation period 
because of the fact that it has got a lot more approval cycles that one has  to go through. We've 
also experienced that in our LED driver ICO over the last several months. But that would be the 
split that would eventually be there.  
Also, the peak revenue potential that we are envisaging at the Semicon unit, let's say, within the 
next fiscal would be about INR100 crores, but that again is subject to change depending upon 
the newer solutions that can come in or new contracts that can be signed with customers and 
again the gestation period around it. Chairman, if you want to add any comments, please. 
Amrit Manwani: Yes, to answer to Mr. Nikhil's specific question then the IPO proceed capital has been fully 
deployed. We see continued growth in both the EMS sector as well as definitely in the 
semiconductor side of the business. And I would say that from a current level of what we are 
looking at this year, looking at the maximum potential for growth is definitely doubling it every 
year for the next 2 years to 3 years. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Darshit Shah from Nirvana Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Darshit Shah: Yes, sir. Thank you so much for the opportunity, Amrit sir and Varun sir. Sir, I have a couple of 
questions. So, in terms of this laptop opportunity that we are eying at and also the government 
trying to put restrictions year -on-year going forward. So, ar e we looking to the tie -ups that we 
are eyeing at? So, are we looking to tie -ups of the OEMs that are predominantly supplying 
currently in the Indian market? 
If you can throw some more color on the clientele, which we are looking at in this segment. And 
on the second question, I understand we were one of the first companies to make external SSD 
devices like SSD cards, pen drives in the domestic market. And now we intend to make the 
internal memory, SSD components and RAM modules. So, can you highlight what kind of 
market opportunity do we see in this segment and would we be the first company to kind of 
indigenously make memory products in India? 
Amrit Manwani: Varun, would you like to answer on both the questions? 
===== PDF PAGE 12 =====
  Sahasra Electronic Solutions Limited 
  November 27, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 22 
 
Varun Manwani: Yes, I will answer on the second one. Maybe you can give also your inputs, but on the first one 
where the question is on the IT hardware space, frankly Mr. Darshit, I can't give the names yet, 
but I can tell you these are - we are in discussions with local and global OEMs and brands. And 
they are looking at the Indian market. Some of them are existing players, some of them are 
players who have business worldwide, but are also looking to enter into India or let's say restart 
things in India as well.  
So, it's a mix of these companies. And as and when we sign up these engagements, we will 
definitely share it. On the other question with respect to the memory products, I'd like to clarify 
this in two parts. One is from the EMS standpoint and the second is  from the semiconductor 
standpoint. From the EMS standpoint, as of today, we manufacture SSDs, solid state drives 
which replace hard disk drives. 
We also manufacture memory modules, the USB drives and micro SD cards. Now, this market 
has been hit by the worldwide pricing going down because demand for IT hardware has tapered 
down from its peak during the pandemic which was induced due to the pandemic . So, we are 
already doing those products from an EMS standpoint. And we're looking to grow our market 
share because we are engaging with a lot more customers across different categories.  
And Make-in-India brings in a very good potential for us, because we are one of the very few 
companies making this in India. The second is from semiconductor standpoint, while we are 
already doing the micro-SD cards with a longer-term duration, we are starting to look at EMMCs 
and BGA packages. And over the next financial year, in phase 2 of our investment, we will be 
looking at BGAs, NAND flash BGA and EMMCs.  
And the market for those products are SSDs by itself for the NAND flash BGA and EMMCs get 
utilized in the mobile phone industry. So, I hope that answers that, that's the market potential. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amandeep Sharma, who is an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Amandeep Sharma: Hi, sir. So, there was an observation from the SEBI regarding the cash flow statement which has 
not been filed. So, I just want to understand anything compliance issue on that side. 
Amrit Manwani: Well, our statutory auditor was of the belief that cash flow statement is not required. There was 
some discussion between NSE officials and our Statutory Auditor. And I'm happy to inform you 
that as we speak, our Statutory Auditor has issued the certificate as per the requirement of NSE. 
So, that is really not an issue anymore. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deepak Poddar from Sapphire Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Deepak Poddar: Okay. Thank you very much for this opportunity. So, I mean, when you're saying you're looking 
to double FY26, you're talking about doubling your revenue or doubling the growth from 20% 
to 40%? 
===== PDF PAGE 13 =====
  Sahasra Electronic Solutions Limited 
  November 27, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 22 
 
Amrit Manwani: Well, definitely doubling the revenue with a similar profit margin. I mean, the margin we are 
very confident that we will be able to maintain our margins, which are hovering around 20%. 
And as I mentioned earlier, that margin is better than the industry average as of today. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Zaware who is an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. Sorry, due to no response from the current participant, we'll move on to the 
next participant. The next question is from the line of Tanvi, wh o is an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Tanvi: Hello, sir. I wanted to ask this question that in our revenue approximately 78% top line is 
contributed by US. Given the current political instability in US and the Made in America concept 
that has been quoted by Trump, how do we see our revenue being aff ected by this, maybe with 
some change in policies by Trump that would be announced in the next early days in the next 
calendar year? 
Amrit Manwani: Well, two things. One is that 78% from the US is likely incorrect. What we are saying is that 
80% of our turnover is from exports and within exports bulk of it about 75% is from the US. But 
having said that to your question, to your anxiety about the new administration taking over in 
the US, I think that will have a positive impact on us because the US is determined to have direct 
barriers on Chinese imports, particularly in electronics. So that should definitely help the Indian 
industry in general and definitely our company or your company in particular. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chetan, who is an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Chetan: Hi. Good afternoon. So, my question is regarding at what point we want to know that the 
Thompson deal is not in place? Was it before IPO or after IPO? 
Amrit Manwani: Well, it's actually one can't say before IPO or after IPO. They had committed some business to 
us. They gave us some orders, but the offtake was slow and it continues to be slow. So, it's not 
as if it is before IPO or after IPO. We are still in discussion with them and we are trying to find 
out what is the reason for their slow offtake. It could be market conditions in Europe. 
It could be because of the tensions in Europe with the war where Europe is involved, whether it 
is Russia, Ukraine or whether it is Israel versus Lebanon. Are those factors impacting it or are 
there economic factors impacting it? We are still kind of discu ssing with them. So, it's not, I 
can't answer you whether it's pre-IPO or post-IPO. 
Varun Manwani: Thank you. I'd just like to add; I'd just like to add that the agreement with them was indeed 
signed pre-IPO and hopefully the policy that the government is bringing in terms of restriction 
on laptops will support them as well. If that happens, then their numbers will also go back to the 
growth that they had planned with us. So, we have to look at how the policy changes affect the 
entire ecosystem. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hitesh Bhutani, who is an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
===== PDF PAGE 14 =====
  Sahasra Electronic Solutions Limited 
  November 27, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 22 
 
Hitesh Bhutani: Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. So, I have like one question regarding your presence in 
semiconductor space. So, can you just share detail, like brief detail about where were you 3 years 
ago, where are you now and where do you look 5 years down the line yourself in the 
semiconductors in terms of capability and in terms of market presence? 
Amrit Manwani: Well, firstly, 3 years ago, we were only in the memory product business. Like we used to make 
pen drives for Sony worldwide or at least domestically 100% and also in some of the export 
markets for them, not necessarily worldwide, but as far as the semicon ductor packaging is 
concerned 3 years ago, we had applied to the Government of India for incentives under the 
component scheme. So, 3 years ago, we began to set up the unit. We are now operational.  
And as Mr. Varun Manwani just mentioned that we should start the large-scale commercial 
production beginning next month. We started production in September last year. And we've had 
many trials, prototypes, and products that have been particularly the LED driver and the micro 
SD card that we have given to our customers. 
Going forward, we see a healthy growth. Just to give you an example, there is a demand of about 
INR60 crores to INR100 crores units of LED drivers, which is currently 100% imported. So, 
there is a strong potential there. But I would just like to say that there are three verticals that we 
are looking at in the semiconductor domain. 
 One is the memory chips. The other one is this commodity chips like LED drivers. And the third 
that we are looking at is industrial applications of RFID and DFN packages that Varun Manwani 
spoke about. So, we see three to five years from now. And again, as I mentioned, the 
semiconductor market is poised to go to almost 6x. 
So, we definitely would participate in that growth and hopefully with benefits for all the 
shareholders and investors in the company. 
Thank you. I will just add, sorry again, I will add that we entered into this business of 
semiconductor by looking at legacy packages. Over the next 12 months, we will stabilize the 
legacy package business for us and continue to grow in that. And in parallel, we will start to dive 
deeper into the more advanced packages of EMMC and NAND flash BGA. 
And so that is a roadmap that we will continue to invest in the higher end packages which will 
have higher returns and more niche segments with larger volume. So that is an ongoing exercise 
that will happen. It will take anywhere between 9 to 15 months. And that means we will be able 
to keep our future-selves ready for the growth. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saumil Shah from Paris Investments.  
Saumil Shah: Hi, sir. I need to ask two questions. So, I don't know why operator allowed the first participant 
to ask so many questions, whereas others just one. So please allow me. So, as you mentioned to 
previous participants that we can double our revenue in next one year. So, could you let us know 
how much will be from semiconductor and how much will be from electronics and at what 
EBITDA margins? 
===== PDF PAGE 15 =====
  Sahasra Electronic Solutions Limited 
  November 27, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 22 
 
Amrit Manwani: Okay, that is an easy one. As we said earlier, that the ratio between the two would be the EMS 
and legacy business would be about two-third and one-third would come from semiconductors. 
What was the second part of the question, please? 
Saumil Shah: EBITDA margins for semiconductor and for electronics. 
Amrit Manwani: Again, the EBITDA margins would be, the net margin would be about 205 and the EBITDA 
margins would be anywhere between 28% to 32%. 
Saumil Shah: Sorry, I didn't get you. So, for semiconductor is 28%? 
Amrit Manwani: No, semiconductor initially will be less. I'm talking of the overall. So, both entities put together 
would be around 30% will be the EBITDA margin and the net margin would be about 20%. To 
begin with, as we ramp up in semiconductors, the EBITDA margin in semiconductors would be 
about 22% to 24 % and the net margin would be maybe somewhere around 16% to 18 %. 
Saumil Shah: Okay, okay. So net margins, you mean to say net profit margins? 
Amrit Manwani: Correct. 
Saumil Shah: Okay, okay. 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt, sir. I would request you to re-join the queue for your follow-up question. 
Saumil Shah: Just one question. I was asking a follow-up. And so currently we hold 54.7% in semiconductor. 
So how much we need to get the balance, 45 % in semiconductor? 
Amrit Manwani: No, let me again correct you here. We have already invested after IPO. We have increased our 
shareholding in semiconductor to 72.7%. And within this financial year, we hope to increase it 
significantly so that we have such a semiconductor in complete control of your company. 
Saumil Shah: So, in next one year, it will be completed? 
Amrit Manwani: Yes. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of [Bhaktesh 0:53:12] from Vyom Wealth.  
Bhaktesh: Sir, I wanted to understand about capacity utilization. It's currently around 55%. So, this is one 
of the reasons that due to growing competition in the market. And who do we face competition 
from? If you can name those competitors? 
Amrit Manwani: Okay. As I mentioned, the bulk of our business comes from exports. So, there is really no 
domestic competition. In the domestic side, we are trying to expand a little bit because the 
exports had softened in the last few months. There we do see some competition, but our focus 
would be to be continued in the export domain. And  as I mentioned earlier, with the new 
geopolitical realignment, we see a positive impact on our order book and we continue to have 
good margins, better than the industry average. 
===== PDF PAGE 16 =====
  Sahasra Electronic Solutions Limited 
  November 27, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 22 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Suraj Jain, who is an Individual Investor. 
Suraj Jain: Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. I just want to ask regarding the stock in transit, because in 
the financial statement, you are given as a 310. But in the explanation, you are shown at 582. I 
just want an explanation on that one. And then just want to know the status of the expansion 
plan in the Rajasthan, where we are standing right now, how much the percentage has been 
completed? 
Amrit Manwani: I did not really get the first part of the question. Can you please repeat it? 
Suraj Jain: The sales in transit, in the financial, the real, they have been shown as 310 lakhs. But in the 
explanation, you are told that it is 582, the sales in transit. So, I just want to know what is the 
figure for the sales in transit? 
Amrit Manwani: Okay. Let me just take a minute to explain that. Towards the end of the month, we did raise an 
invoice for about INR7 crores to a few customers. But because of the regulations in SEZ, the 
customers had to approve the invoice. And that being the last day of  the month, there was too 
much load on the customers. And therefore, they cleared it only a couple of days later. 
 So, we could not take it in our books as a sale. So according to our statutory auditor, we had to 
show it as sales in transit and we could only take 85% of that value. So that is how the value is 
shown as 5.87 in the finished goods inventory. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deepak from Aryan Shares and Stock Brokers. 
Deepak: Good evening, sir. Sir are you looking at any main board listing for us to have liquidity in our 
shares? 
Amrit Manwani: Well, as they say, inshallah. We definitely are looking to, main board listing, but I would imagine 
that would be a couple of years down the road. 
Deepak: Okay. The second one is, sir, this operating, when you're saying that it's very nice to hear that 
the revenues will double next year, that is ‘26. Can we look at the expansion of operating profit 
margins also along with this? 
Amrit Manwani: Well, as I said, you know, when you increase the revenue, it's very important to retain the margin 
because from our perspective, we would like for our shareholders to continue to get the benefits 
of it. So, we are looking at least maintaining that around 20% back and about 30% EBITDA. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Varun from Omkara Capital. Please go ahead. 
Varun: So just want to understand currently, considering our Thomson business is likely to be subdued 
for the next year. I mean, how will we be able to achieve double the growth or double the revenue 
in FY26 if you have a roadmap on that? And EBITDA margins are a round 28% to 32% with 
already the inventory on board, which will pile up in the next year. Do you still remain confident 
that we'll be able to do this? 
===== PDF PAGE 17 =====
  Sahasra Electronic Solutions Limited 
  November 27, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 22 
 
Amrit Manwani: Well, going forward in the next year, despite Thomson, as Varun Manwani mentioned, that we 
are looking at partners beyond Thomson. So, we are confident that, and please understand that 
bulk of that will come from our legacy business of EMH, which is export plus some domestic 
and also IT hardware. 
The second, how will we manage our margins going forward is, as I mentioned, we are investing 
in R&D, and we would, next year we would be able to roll out an IT hardware product, which 
would help us increase the margin in the IT hardware. And therefore, we will be able to maintain 
the EBITDA going forward. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Gaurav Shetty, who is an Individual Investor. 
Gaurav Shetty: I think most of the questions are answered. Just one question I have, since the margins have 
contracted in H1 compared to the last financial year, and assuming that these are the sustainable 
margins for the next half, can we assume that the PAT for this ye ar would be the same as last 
year, or it may be different as well? 
Amrit Manwani: Well, on a standalone basis, the EMS business and the IT hardware business, we expect the PAT 
to be around 20%, give or take a couple of percentage points. But on the semiconductor side, 
this is the first year where we are getting into commercial production, so there will be some loss 
there. But in the next year, semiconductor business will also show profit. So, this year, 
particularly on the EMS side, we are expecting 18% to 20% PAT. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Satish Bhatt, who is an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Satish Bhatt: Yes, okay. Firstly, I'm well done in terms of, as a homegrown company, getting into the 
semiconductor area and pursuing that. Congratulations on that. And my question, I think quite a 
few other questions were answered, but the one question I have is, with regard to your recent 
MoU, which you had with inner care up to electronics, you signed it in October. 
 So now, what is the plan ahead for this one in terms of, will you be using your existing facilities 
for that? And whether you are looking at any production in the current financial year? And what 
kind of revenue you would anticipate over the next 2 or 3 ye ars? So that's the question that I 
have. 
Varun Manwani: Yes, I will take that question. Mr. Satish, so yes, this contract has been signed. And this is a flat 
panel detection device, which primarily gets used in the x-ray industry, which primarily, again, 
x-rays are used in the medical industry. So, as a result of that, we have to go in for certain 
certifications, which will take a time of 4 to 5 months. 
 And therefore, commercial realization of revenues from this business will only happen in the 
next financial year. However, in this particular financial year, in the remaining months, we will 
be doing all these certifications, sampling, training, and all th ose activities. So, we will only, I 
mean, the benefits out of this particular engagement will accrue only in the financial year FY 
'26. And also, having said that, the revenue potential over a period of time is anywhere between 
$3 million to $4 million. 
===== PDF PAGE 18 =====
  Sahasra Electronic Solutions Limited 
  November 27, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 22 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ruchi from Caprize Investment Managers . 
Please go ahead. 
Ruchi: Yes, my question is around what is the total capex that we've incurred in the semiconductor 
facility? And what is the turnover that we're expecting? 
Amrit Manwani: Well, as of today, we have incurred an expenditure of about INR110 crores. The project size that 
we had submitted to Ministry of Electronics and IT, it was INR140 crores. So, as we go along, 
we will be investing another INR30-odd crores in the next financial year. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jasmine from VT Capital. Please go ahead. 
Jasmine: Hi, team. My question is largely on the capacity that you have. The latest capacity comes at 
around 55%. And I wanted to understand when we're building up additional lines, is that on a 
different sector altogether? Or how is that positioned? Because our c apacities are not fully 
utilised at different levels. 
Varun Manwani: I will take that question, Mr. Manwani. So, ma'am, the capacity that we have currently at 55% 
is primarily at the existing unit at the SEZ in Noida. The new capacity that we're building up at 
our new facility in Biharwadi is primarily to cater to large-volume business and also the domestic 
sector as well. 
 The capacities at the SEZ unit, as Chairman had mentioned, that there has been slight softness 
in the business in terms of exports. But we don't see that as a long-term scenario for us. So those 
capacities will start to get utilised. And the capacity that 's being created at the domestic unit in 
Biharwadi is going to cater to large pieces of business, which is going to be volume-driven. And 
therefore, those lines are built up for volume manufacturing. 
 Having said that, these lines are by and large – 80% of them are common to be able to build 
different assemblies. But the existing lines at the SEZ unit were more legacy in terms of high -
mix and low-to-medium volume. And the capacity being built up at the  Biharwadi unit is more 
low-mix, high-volume. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Venkat Patil from I-mates Internet LLP. Please 
go ahead. 
Venkat Patil: Yes, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Congratulations on your bumper listing, sir, first of all. 
And as I see, all questions are answered. My question is, do we add any new customers or OEMs 
after listing? 
Amrit Manwani: Yes, Varun, go ahead. 
Varun Manwani: Yes, we have added new customers. One of them definitely is InnoCare, with whom we signed 
this contract as well. And that's a larger contract. That's why it was announced in the public 
domain as well. But other than that, we have signed up with many new customers, which could 
be smaller, big contracts. And these have been announced – these have been signed up within 
the EMS space in different sectors. 
===== PDF PAGE 19 =====
  Sahasra Electronic Solutions Limited 
  November 27, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 22 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harshad Shah from Harshad Shah Designs. 
Please go ahead. 
Harshad Shah: So, congratulations on the bumper listing. Many of my questions have been answered. Just 
looking for bumper quarter and H2 for the thing. And I wish all the very best for the company. 
That's it. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Souvik from SS Enterprise. Please go ahead. 
Souvik: Good afternoon, sir. Congratulations for a very good listing and for this compound, of course. 
My question is, you have mentioned that 80% of your revenue comes from the exports and 50% 
to 70% from the domestic market. How do you feel in the coming years,  considering the fact 
that the domestic market is growing and the demand is growing? 
 And just to eliminate that any kind of geopolitical risk or export-oriented risk and the policy risk 
and all, how do you feel this ratio is going to be changed in the coming years? If you can show 
some light. 
Amrit Manwani: Varun, can you answer that please? 
Varun Manwani: Yes, I can definitely take that. So, we are keeping some of these factors in mind. The fact that 
we initiated our new facility in Biharwadi, which is in the domestic zone, it was to de -risk 
ourselves from some geopolitical negative impacts that may happen in the future. And also 
considering India's electronics industry itself is growing very rapidly, we set up this facility so 
that we can cater to the Indian growth story also. 
 Other than that, we continuously look at risk diversification by focusing on not one single 
geography or single product line or single country. So, if you see, we have customers across the 
globe. If you see in terms of product lines, we are in IT hardware,  we are in memory products 
and EMS. That is the way we are looking to de-risk ourselves from macroeconomic factors that 
may impact us negatively. 
Souvik: Thank you. 
Moderator: The next follow-up question is from the line of Paras Chheda from Purple One Vertex Ventures, 
LLP. Please go ahead. 
Paras Chheda: As I understand, the EBITDA margin for semiconductors could be in the range of 28% to 30% 
once it gets stabilized. And my next question is that, sir, over the next 3 to 5 years, semiconductor 
revenue with the current capex, can we expect about INR300 crores to INR500 crores as a 
revenue for the next 3 to 5 years? So, there are these two questions. 
Amrit Manwani: Okay. So, on the second question, I will say that once the first project that gets submitted to 
Ministry of Electronics and IT is closed, we would apply under the new scheme, which is to be 
announced, the ISM scheme. The ISM scheme 1.0 is over, but Ministry of Electronics and IT is 
coming out with ISM 2.0, where they will provide similar benefits as ISM 1.0. 
===== PDF PAGE 20 =====
  Sahasra Electronic Solutions Limited 
  November 27, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 22 
 
 So, under that scheme, we are envisaging to invest INR200 crores, whereby 50% of that 
investment will come as a capex subsidy from the government. So, we are definitely going to 
invest more to achieve not only INR300 crores to INR500 crores, but even beyond. Secondly, 
on the profit margin that you said that 20% to 25%, even you go for legacy packaging, then the 
margins are slightly lower. But when you go for advanced packaging, the margins are higher. 
 So, therefore, in the next 9 to 15 months, as Varun said, we will be looking at standard packaging 
and a little bit towards advanced packaging like BGA and those kinds of packages. But as we 
go along, we will look at advanced packages, multi-layer packaging, where the margins will be 
higher. 
Paras Chheda: So, on an average, about 20%, 22% EBITDA for the semiconductor space for the next couple of 
months? 
Amrit Manwani: Sorry, you said what? I didn't hear you. 
Paras Chheda: So, see on the electronic side, I can see about 22%, 23% EBITDA margin. So, on the 
semiconductor space, for the next couple of quarters, we will be in the range of about 20%, 25% 
or it will be lower? 
Amrit Manwani: No, as I said earlier, that at least by March 25, that is this financial year, there will be a loss, but 
because the volumes are very low… 
Paras Chheda: I'm talking about FY '26 now. 
Amrit Manwani: FY '26, we are looking at EBITDA would be about at 22% or so and the PAT would be about 
15% perhaps. 
Paras Chheda: Okay. And on a consolidated basis, about 18%, 20% PAT? 
Amrit Manwani: I think so, yes. 
Varun Manwani: Yes. Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. 
Varun Manwani: Ms. Sejal, sorry, I have to exit the call as I have to catch a flight. So, just wanted to thank all the 
investors and shareholders and want to take permission from Mr. Manwani that I will be exiting 
the call. 
Amrit Manwani: Okay. Yes, Varun, you may exit and have a safe flight back home. I know you are somewhere 
in Europe, but have a safe flight. And we can continue with question and answer. 
Moderator: Sure, sir. The next follow up question is from Asheesh Soni from Family Office. Please go 
ahead. 
===== PDF PAGE 21 =====
  Sahasra Electronic Solutions Limited 
  November 27, 2024 
 
Page 20 of 22 
 
Asheesh Soni: Regarding R&D expenses, how much percentage do you plan to spend in the next two, three 
years? And any particular product category you target when you do R&D, like is it niche space 
or volume? 
Amrit Manwani: So, as I said, firstly, this is just the beginning. And we look at initially, of course, the R&D 
expenditure would be high because there's a lot of capex that we incur in terms of getting the 
proper tools and instruments for conducting research and develop ment. Yes, to answer your 
second question, yes, we have very specific product in mind. 
Right now, we are in the process of designing a motherboard around the Intel chipset. And if 
and if and when we succeed, of course, we are targeting somewhere in the second or third quarter 
of next calendar year, we should be able to bring that product to the market. And we will be the 
first company in the country to have designed that product. 
Currently, all those motherboards are coming from our neighbouring country. Once we do that, 
we will be able to offer it under the Make in India scheme to both government and retail market 
for desktop motherboards. 
Asheesh Soni: I think my question was more related to niche in terms of high margin or volume. What's your 
product category when you do R&D? So, what's your guiding principle or thought process when 
you think? Because your growth is so much in the next five years, right ? So, that's what I'm 
trying to understand your views. 
Amrit Manwani: So, right now, our focus would be initially on the IT hardware. We would also diversify in terms 
of R&D into chip design. As a matter of fact, the LEP driver chip design, we had done it in India, 
but not internally. We had given it to an external design co mpany within the country. So, that 
we will fold in as we go along. 
Asheesh Soni: And percentage of R&D into different categories, like is it like 5% sort of, what's typical range 
when you plan for this category, which I asked? 
Amrit Manwani: I'm not clear with your question. What do you have in mind? Can you address it? 
Asheesh Soni: Yes. So, I think, take an example is motherboard category, right? You choose the motherboard 
category. So, how much R&D percentage of your revenue try to allocate that or is it varies from 
product category to category? That's the question, actually. 
Amrit Manwani: Well, as we go along, we intend to spend somewhere around 1% to 1.5% at least of the revenue 
in our R&D. 
Asheesh Soni: Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Varun from Nirvana Capital. Please go ahead. 
Varun: Thank you for the opportunity. So, I have two questions and one clarification. So, one question 
was on the capex. What I heard is that next year, you'll be putting some INR30 odd crores in the 
semiconductor. So, I just wanted a roadmap as to what would be  the capex plan next year in 
EMS and semiconductor and the year after that. And under what scheme we would be eligible 
===== PDF PAGE 22 =====
  Sahasra Electronic Solutions Limited 
  November 27, 2024 
 
Page 21 of 22 
 
for credit because I understand 50% subsidy is there in semiconductor and some PLI in electronic 
components. 
So, what amount we will get back from the government? That is question one. Question two is 
we recently appointed Mr. Jerry who brings a lot of experience on the semiconductor side. So, 
if you could throw some color on what he will bring on the table for a  company like us. That is 
question number two. And just a small confirmation on the revenue numbers. If I do the maths 
for FY'27, I understand we'll be doing a INR500 crore sales with 20% PAT margins. Is my 
understanding correct? Thank you. 
Amrit Manwani: Yes, I'll answer in the reverse fashion. Your understanding is absolutely correct with the 20% 
PAT on INR500 crores. So, we are definitely looking at PAT of INR100 crores around that time. 
That is FY '27 or thereabouts. To the second question about Jerry Rodriguez, he comes with a 
valuable experience of over 18 years having worked in Texas Instruments as well as on SEMI, 
specifically in semiconductor packaging. So, what we expect him to do for us is to stabilize our 
manufacturing process on a commercial scale. 
Right now, what we have done is actually at a prototype stage or a testing stage or a pre -
production stage. But when we go into production, the critical area that we have to focus or 
address is the ease. And with his rich experience of almost two decades, he will be bringing that 
value and that contribution to the business - the manufacturing part of it. 
On your first question, as I said, three years ago when we had applied for the grant to the Ministry 
of Electronics and IT, we had applied under the SPEC scheme, which grants 25% capex. So, the 
total project size is INR140 crores, out of which INR125 crore s was utility and our plant and 
equipment. So, on that, we will get 25%. 
Right now, on plant and utility, we have invested about INR90 odd crores. So, we will invest 
about INR30 odd crores more. So, in total, if we have invested about INR120 crores, we would 
get INR30 crores as capex subsidy from the government. 
Going forward, when we apply for advanced packaging scheme, their ISM scheme will permit 
us to get 50% capex subsidies. So, if you go with a project of INR200 crores, on a pari passu 
basis, they will give us INR100 crores. While in the SPEC scheme, they give only after the fact. 
That means we have invested all the money and we have demonstrated commercial production, 
then they get 25%. So, that is on the PLI for semiconductors. As far as the EMS is concerned, 
currently there is no PLI scheme for EMS as such. 
However, for IT hardware, there is a PLI scheme for which we are also a successful recipient. 
And the PLI scheme allows 4% to 8% depending on the domestic value add. And we expect that 
because we have PCB manufacturing, we have SSD, we have DDR, which are the peripherals 
of the IT hardware. So, we expect that going forward, we will be able to get about 6% PLI in 
our EMS activity. 
===== PDF PAGE 23 =====
  Sahasra Electronic Solutions Limited 
  November 27, 2024 
 
Page 22 of 22 
 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Manan Madlani from KamayaKya Wealth Management. 
Please go ahead. 
Manan Madlani: Yes, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. I just had one clarification. So, when you mentioned that 
you will do 20% net profit margin, does that include the benefit that we will get…? 
Amrit Manwani: No, that benefit, as far as the PLI benefit that will definitely be included. But the capex benefit 
is not allowed to be included because that is considered as a capex grant. Therefore, our capex 
value is reduced to that extent. 
For example, if we buy equipment worth INR120 crores and we get a INR30 crore capex 
subsidy, then the value of the assets will reduce to 90 crores. The PLI benefit is part of that PAT 
margin. 
Moderator: The next follow-up question is from the line of Bhaktesh from Vyom Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Bhaktesh: What is revenue guidance for the current year FY '24-FY '25? 
Amrit Manwani: So, we said that we hope to do at least 20% more over last year. 
Bhaktesh: Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: The next follow-up question is from the line of Saumil Shah from Paras Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Saumil Shah: Thanks for allowing me a follow-up. To the previous participants, if I heard you correctly, you 
said 20% growth in revenue for this year, right? 
Management: Yes. 
Saumil Shah: So, which means that for the remaining half, we have to do almost double the revenue with what 
we did in the first six months. 
Amrit Manwani: Okay. Considering the fact that INR7 crores was sales in transit, so we would have reached about 
INR50 crores. So, another INR70 crores, not double. So, INR70 crores in six months' time is 
what we are envisaging at least. 
Saumil Shah: Okay. That's it from my side. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Ramadhin Rane from HEM Securities for closing comments. 
Ramadhin Rane: I wish to thank all the participants for joining the call and also thank the management team for 
giving us their time and answering to all the questions in detail manner. Thank you. Over to you, 
Sejal. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of H em Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 