
===== PDF PAGE 1 =====
 
    
 
 
 
To,                                                                                                                     Date: 02
nd  June’2026  
The Manager,  
Listing Compliance Department,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,  
Exchange Plaza, C-1 Block-G, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra(East), Mumbai-400051  
 
 
NSE Symbol:  SAHASRA  
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call conducted on 29 
th  May’2026  
Dear Sir/Madam,  
With reference to our letter dated 22 nd  May’2026 and 26 th  May, 2026 regarding a schedule for 
Conference Call of Investors and Analysts scheduled  on Friday, 29th May, 2026 and pursuant to 
Regulation 30 and Part A of Schedule III of SEBI (L isting Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations 2015, we hereby provide transcripts of the Company’s H2 FY26 Post Earnings Conference 
Call held with the Investors/Analysts on 29-05-2026.   
In compliance with Regulation 46 (2) (oa) of the Se curities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulation s, 2015, transcript will also be available on the 
website of the Company. 
You are requested to take the above information on record.  
 
Thanking you,   
Yours faithfully,  
For Sahasra Electronic Solutions Limited  
 
 
Amrit Lal Manwani  
Chairman & Managing Director  
DIN:00920206  
AMRIT 
LAL 
MANWANI
Digitally signed 
by AMRIT LAL 
MANWANI 
Date: 2026.06.02 
09:21:46 +05'30'
===== PDF PAGE 2 =====
Page 1 of 25 
 
 
“Sahasra Electronic Solutions Limited 
H2FY2026 & FY2026 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 29, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. AMRIT MANWANI - CHAIRMAN & 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. VARUN MANWANI – NON 
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
MR. MANEESH TIWARI - CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. RUTUL SHAH - COMPANY’S 
INVESTOR RELATIONS ADVISOR – ATLAS 
CAPITAL 

===== PDF PAGE 3 =====
  Sahasra Electronic Solutions Limited 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 25 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Sahasra Electronic Solutions Limited H2 
FY2026 and FY2026 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Atlas Capital. We have with us 
management today, represented by Mr. Amrit Manwani - Chairman and Managing Director, 
Mr. Varun Manwani - Non-Executive Director, Mr. Maneesh Tiwari - Chief Financial 
Officer, and Mr. Rutul Shah from Atlas Capital, Company’s Investor Relations Advisor. As 
a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation continues. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I will now hand over the floor to Mr. Amrit Manwani for his 
opening remarks, post which we will open the floor for Q&A. Thank you and over to you 
Sir! 
Amrit Manwani: Thank you. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I wish to thank you, first of all, for joining 
the Sahasra Electronic Solutions our H2 results for FY2026 as well as the full year 2026  
conference call . The last year has been a very important year for us  as we continue to 
strengthen our position  in the verticals that we are present in, which is electronic 
manufacturing, semiconductor packaging, and a couple of technology solutions  including 
memories. During the year, we had a significant growth. Our standalone revenue went up to 
Rs.123 Crores, which was a jump of about 42 %. Our operating profit went up to Rs.18 .8 
Crores, which was about 93 % over the last year and our EBITDA margin also went up by 
about 15% and profit after tax was Rs.19.7 Crores. So this has been a healthy growth  and 
during the year, we expanded our customer base, strengthened our domestic market presence. 
So, overall, we have had progress in all the verticals that we operate in. One of the key 
developments during the year was continued strengthening of our domestic business 
franchise, which helped diversify our revenue mix because previously we were more focused 
on exports, but in the last year we expanded our customer base to domestic, and therefore the 
revenue mix was both domestic and exports was almost equal, and therefore we were able to 
make an increase in the revenue. Also, during this year, we received a capital subsidy for our 
subsidiary Company of semiconductors to the extent of Rs.22 Crores that came in the last 
quarter of this financial year. While certain strategic initiatives progress at a slower pace than 
originally anticipated, that is mainly due to customer qualification, they take time, particularly 
the domestic customers, also the commerci alization cycles, because some of the customers, 
after qualification, they took some time in ramping up commercial production. However, the 
overall direction of the business remains encouraging, and we continue to see significant 
opportunities emerging across India ’s electronic and semiconductor landscape. With those 
remarks, I would like to also, as Swap nil has earlier said, I  am being joined by Varun 
Manwani, who is the Director of the Company, also Mr. Manish Tiwari - Chief Financial 
Officer, and last but not the least, Mr. Rutul Shah, who is our Investor Relations Advisor from 
Atlas Capital. With that, I would like to hand over to Varun to give a detailed business update 
to all of you. Thank you. 
===== PDF PAGE 4 =====
  Sahasra Electronic Solutions Limited 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 25 
Varun Manwani: Thank you Mr. Chairman. So, good afternoon to everyone joining us on this call. The 
FY2026, as our Chairman summarized was a good year for us. So, if I were to summarize it 
from a business standpoint, FY2026 can be summarized in three key areas. One is the scaling 
of our EMS business, the second is strengthening our domestic market presence, and the third 
is advancing our initiatives within the semiconductor domain. So, if I start with the EMS, the 
business continued to witness healthy moment um during the entire year. We expanded 
customer relationships across several product categories, such as IoT electronics, industrial 
electronics, metering solutions, EV -related products, and other high growth segments. The 
demand remained encouraging from both existing as well as new customers who we added 
into a customer portfolio  and this is primarily supported by the broader trend of electronics 
manufacturing localization in India and also adoption of more and more electronic products 
across the world. 
 Alongside business development efforts, we continued to invest in our manufacturing 
infrastructure and our operational capabilities. Our focus remained on improving capacity 
utilization, enhancing quality systems, optimizing our supply chains. Although the second 
half of the year saw a lot of tough supply chain challenges, but still we were able to mitigate 
these challenges and we were somehow able to deliver products and solutions in a much faster 
turnaround time for our customers. So, these initiatives s upported stronger execution and 
improved customer engagement throughout the year. A significant strategic achievement 
during FY2026 was the continued diversification of our revenue base. Again, as our 
Chairman mentioned, we had good growth in almost all areas of our operations. So 
historically, the Company had a relatively high dependence on export revenues  but as I had 
shared in previous calls during the previous quarters, we are also pivoting a lot towards the 
domestic market and so over the last year, we  have been able to successfully strengthen our 
domestic customer portfolio, resulting in a more balanced revenue mix and improved 
business visibility. This is at a time  when the export macro market was heavily challenged 
due to various factors. The prime factor being the tariffs that were imposed on India as a 
country and the entire electronics space. However, again, as I said, due to mitigation from the 
domestic market, our order pipeline, ev en for this fiscal, continues to remain healthy, both 
from a domestic and export standpoint, which shows that we have mitigated risk with respect 
to dependence on only the export market, which was our largest driver until FY2025. So, as 
of March 31, 2026, we have an executable order book that stands at approximately Rs.68.5 
Crores, which provides visibility for us in the coming quarters. We continue to see a strong 
inquiry activity as well as improved conversion rates across multiple industry verticals  and 
we see a lot of growth actually in our semiconductor business. The demand for memory, 
primarily due to the shortages in the AI segment, drove a lot of customers to look at alternate 
sources and considering that India has a very strong neutral position in the world order as of 
today, and we being one of the very few companies that could offer memory solutions and 
packaged memory solutions, we benefited from this AI boom and therefore, FY2026 
represented a very important year for us in our journey of build ing long term capabilities in 
===== PDF PAGE 5 =====
  Sahasra Electronic Solutions Limited 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 25 
the memory packaging segment. While the semiconductor business remains in an investment 
phase because we still have to develop capacity as our volumes are growing, we achieved 
meaningful progress across operational execution, customer qualification programs, which 
were in place right since the end of 2025 and therefore, we have reaped the benefits of those 
seeds that we had sown, and also the technology development initiatives that we put in place. 
So, as you will see through the numbers, very importantly, our EBITDA losses in this segment 
reduced significantly during the year, which reflects the improved operational efficiencies 
and increasing scale of operations. 
 We are also continuing our progress in our memory -related initiatives for increasing our 
customer base within the export market because we are seeing a lot of traction from the US 
and European customers in the European countries as well as across the US , so , the 
commercial timelines for several projects which have been longer than initially expected. 
Some of them have fructified, but a lot of others, which we had expected to qualify, are now 
in the qualification stages  and hopefully, our customers will be able to adopt products 
supplied from us in the near few weeks and quarters. So, we have successfully achieved 
several important operational milestones during the year and we remain very optimistic about 
the long -term opportunity within the memory space, especially in the consumer memory 
space, where we have a large play because a lot of big companies focusing on the enterprise 
and industrial space has left a void within the consumer space, which we are definitely taking 
advantage of but it also gives us roo m to be able to participate within the industry segment 
graduating from the consumer space in the next several quarters, which will bolster our 
margins in the time to come. So, based on the current visibility and operating trajectory, we 
continue to target EBITDA breakeven in the semiconductor business by FY2027 end. 
 Within our memory solutions business, as I stated, we witnessed improving demand 
conditions as well as a diversified portfolio so that we derisk ourselves from some of the key 
customers and therefore, across Europe, we are seeing a lot of demand  and therefore, our 
export basket is extremely healthy as of today  and we are able to penetrate various markets 
and various countries within Europe. So we believe this increasing focus on our indigenous 
technology solutions and data infrastructure presents attractive  long-term opportunities for 
this segment and we will be able to take benefit of this. As a rough metric, we were able to 
exceed export business turnover from our semiconductor operation in the excess of 60 % to 
62% and that led to higher profitability, also better cash conversion cycles. So while this 
period was a difficult period in being able to get access to raw materials like the wafer, but at 
the same time, we were also hit with the price increase at the back e nd but we were lucky 
enough to be able to pass on the same price increases to our customers in this extremely 
shortage driven market and therefore be able to grow our business. 
 Looking ahead, we remain focused on expanding our manufacturing footprint in line with the 
demand from our customers. Our long -term objective is to scale our SMT infrastructure, 
===== PDF PAGE 6 =====
  Sahasra Electronic Solutions Limited 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 25 
although slightly delayed, but we were able to install the two new SM T lines that we had 
spoken about earlier. So while they were supposed to come in by March 2026, but late last 
month, towards April of 2026, we got the two new SMT lines and earlier this month, the team 
was able to install and operationalize these two new SM T lines. So the objective will be to 
scale our SMT infrastructure towards the 10 lines capability that we have over the next several 
months and quarters, enabling us to support larger customer programs, not only for our EMS 
business, but across our IT hardware business as well. Overall, we believe Sahasra as a 
Company is well positioned to benefit from the structural growth opportunities emerging 
across India’s electronics manufacturing and semiconductor ecosystem  and our focus will 
remain on profitable growth, customer diversification, operational excellence, and long-term 
value creation. So these are remarks from my side  and I would now, therefore, like to hand 
over the call to my colleague and our CFO, Mr. Manish Tiwari, who will provide more insight 
into our financial performance. Thank you. 
Manish Tiwari: Thank you Varun Sir. Good afternoon everyone. I will now take you through the financial 
performance of the Company for FY2026 and H2 FY2026. For FY2026, the Company 
reported consolidated revenue of approximately Rs.138 Crores compared to Rs.95 Crores in 
FY2025. It is representing a year-on-year growth of approximately 45 %. The growth was 
primarily driven by stronger execution within the EMS business, increasing domestic 
customer contribution, improving demand in memory solutions, and continued expansion of 
our manufacturing facilities. For H2 FY2026, consolidated revenue stood at around Rs.78.1 
Crores compared to Rs.49.5 Crores during H2 FY2025 . It is reflecting a significant 
improvement in business momentum during the second half of the year. From a segment 
perspective, EMS remained the largest contributor to overall revenue during FY2026, 
accounting for approximately 66% of the total revenue. Memory solutions contributed around 
18.9% while IT and hardware solutions contributed around 3 .8%. The semiconductor 
business contributed approximately 11 .3% and continued progressive towards operational 
scale up. One of the notable developments during FY2 026 was the diversification of our 
revenue mix. The Company significantly increased its domestic business contribution 
through focused customer acquisition, efforts, and participation across IoT electronics, 
industrial electronics, EV accessories, instrumentation, GPS tracking devices, and metering 
applications. This helped reduce concentration risk and strengthen revenue visibility. 
 On the profitability front, EBITDA for FY2026 stood at approximately Rs.18.2 Crores 
compared to Rs.7.5 Crores in FY2025. EBITDA margins improved to approximately 13.1% 
compared to 7 .9% in the previous year. The margin improvement was supported by better 
operating leverages, higher capacity utilization, improved product mix, stronger domestic 
contribution, and ongoing cost optimization. For H2 FY2026, EBITDA is still at 
approximately Rs.7.6 Crores compared to negative Rs.0.6 Crores in H2 FY2025, while 
EBITDA margins improved from around -1.1% to 9.7%, which is reflecting the benefit of 
scale and stronger execution. Profit after tax for FY2026 stood around Rs.12.1 Crores 
===== PDF PAGE 7 =====
  Sahasra Electronic Solutions Limited 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 25 
compared to -Rs.2.3 Crores in FY2025. PAT margin also improved during the year, supported 
by stronger operating performance and improved business efficiencies. 
 From a balance sheet perspective, the Company remains competitively positioned to support 
future growth. A s of March 31, 2026, consolidated assets stood at Rs.377.1 Crores. The 
Company continues to maintain a prudent financial profile while investing in manufacturing 
expenses, technology development, and capability enhancement. The semiconductor 
incentive of Rs.21.8 Crores supports received during the year further strengthen our financial 
positions and provide additional flexibility for long -term growth in vestments. O verall 
FY2026 was a year of stronger execution, improving profitability, domestic diversification, 
and continued capability expenses. We believe the foundations being with today position the 
Company well for sustainable growth over the coming years. With that, I would like to hand 
the call back to our Chairman, Mr. Amrit Manwani. 
Amrit Manwani: Thank you Manish. Before we move on to the Q&A session, I would like to just share a brief 
outlook of the Company. Despite the geopolitical uncertainties that prevail, we think that we 
will fine tune our business forecasts, which are more realistic. We all know that the last year 
was really a troublesome year in terms of whatever happened globally  but recognizing all 
these global challenges that are there, we would like to share the forecasting approach and 
remain committed to providing realistic and responsible guidance to our stakeholders. As we 
look ahead, our priorities are very clear, considering the fact that there is a strong government 
support for the electronics sector, particularly through the various incentive schemes and also 
the government push towards Make in India approach. We see a significant growth 
opportunity for the Company. Also, the government is shortly going to announce India 
Semiconductor Mission ISM 2 .0 scheme. We will certainly participate in that in our 
semiconductor business. We also are committed to very closely monitor, as Varun also said 
our supply chain management particularly for raw materials like wafers and semiconductors, 
and also for our EMS business. We will fine tune our supply chain management with a very 
clear focus. We will improve profitability through higher capacity utilization. We will 
continue to look at business partnerships or to increase our revenue both domestically as well 
as in the global markets. With that, I would say that it appears that, and after the merger, we 
plan for a merger together with our nonlisted Company, which, so together with that, we seem 
set for our goal to achieve a revenue of about Rs.275 Crores to Rs.300 Crores for the merged 
entity and with a reasonably strong profit margin of about 15 %. We will take a disciplined 
approach towards our balance sheet. We will wait and watch when do we incur capital 
expenditure towards enhancing capacity so that we are going  hand in hand with production 
growth, the demand growth, as well as maintaining our cash flow. With that, I would once 
again like to say that the outlook is very positive. Your Company has, whatever happened in 
the previous year, that is 2024-2025, it was able to quickly recover in 2025-2026, unless we 
enter into 2026 and 2027. We would want to serve all the stakeholders with positive returns. 
I would like to take this opportunity to thank all our shareholders, customers, all our 
===== PDF PAGE 8 =====
  Sahasra Electronic Solutions Limited 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 25 
employees, partners, and all the stakeholders like the banks, etc., and of course, the 
government for their trust and support in Sahasra. Thank you very much. I would now like to 
open the floor for any questions that the audience had. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you so much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-answer 
session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may click on the raise hand icon from the 
participants tab on your screen. We request participants to restrict to two questions  and then 
return to the queue for more questions . To rejoin the queue you may click on the raise hand 
icon again. We will wait for a few minutes until the question queue assembles. We will take 
our first question from Deepak Poddar of Sapphire Capital. Deepak, please go ahead. 
Deepak Poddar: Thank you very much for the lovely presentation, Sir. When you are talking about profit 
margin you are talking about EBITDA margins or PAT margins? 
Amrit Manwani: No, we are talking about PBT margins of 15%. 
Deepak Poddar: When we say this year we look to have Rs.275 Crores to Rs.300 Crores kind of a revenue, 
right? So, would it be possible to give you the breakup, how much will be coming from 
semiconductor, how much from your base business, and how much from this unlisted merger 
that we are into it? 
Amrit Manwani: Varun would you like to answer. 
Varun Manwani: Yes, I would like to answer that. So, if we look at the listed entity, your Company, the entire 
listed entity, so we will be looking to target around about Rs.160 Crores from SESL, which 
is the listed entity. We are targeting approximately Rs.50 Crores from the semiconductor 
entity. So, that takes us to about Rs.215 Crores and then from the unlisted entity we are 
looking to target the rest. So let us say about Rs.85 Crores to Rs.90 Crores, which takes us in 
the range of Rs.300 Crores, as has been mentioned by our Chairman. 
Deepak Poddar: We look for break even in semiconductor business, right, this year? 
Varun Manwani: Yes, that is correct. 
Deepak Poddar: I am not sure about the merger. Has it been completed or we are planning to complete and 
what is the status of merger? 
Amrit Manwani: Well, the merger application has been filed with NSE, and it is very difficult to forecast how 
much time it would take because the process is first NSE has to give the clearance, then it 
goes to SEBI, and then it goes to NCLT. So, this whole exercise takes time. However, we are 
hoping that the merger would be in place by the end of the financial year or earlier. 
===== PDF PAGE 9 =====
  Sahasra Electronic Solutions Limited 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 25 
Deepak Poddar: By FY2027 end? 
Varun Manwani: Yes. 
Amrit Manwani: Yes. 
Deepak Poddar: So then you  will be able to consolidate that number, it will come in FY2027 because you 
have factored it? 
Amrit Manwani: It will be as per the proposal that we have submitted to the government, it will be effective 
April 1, 2026. So if the merger is approved, the FY2027 results would be consolidated of all 
the merged entities. 
Deepak Poddar: Just one last small thing what is the margins in the unlisted entity? 
Amrit Manwani: Similar as they are in the listed Company because both are in similar business. 
Deepak Poddar: I understand. That would be it from my side. Wish you all the best. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you so much. We will take our next question from Paras Ch heda of Purple Vortex 
Ventures LLP. Paras, you can go ahead now. 
Paras Chheda: Thank you, Sir, so much for this opportunity and congratulations for the commencement of 
the operations also at the semiconductor facility. Sir, on a steady state basis, what kind of 
profit margin should we expect, a PAT margin, on the semiconductor business, Sir or 
EBITDA margin? 
Amrit Manwani: Varun would you like to answer that or do you want me to? 
Varun Manwani: Yes, if you could answer that, I can chime in after you mention a few things. 
Amrit Manwani: As my other colleague mentioned , that this year we are targeting a revenue of about Rs.50 
Crores, and if we have this revenue of Rs.50 Crores, we are hoping that we would be able to 
avoid any loss. So we will reach a break even at Rs.50 Crores. Now, maybe a certain portion 
of it, particularly the depreciation portion not be able to cover; however, there will be no cash 
loss for sure if we reach the projected turnover of Rs.50 Crores. So just to let you know that 
both for April and May, if we look at those figures, we are on course to achieve that revenue 
of Rs.50 Crores. 
Paras Chheda: Understood, Sir. So there may be a possibility of book loss maybe on semiconductor, but cash 
breakeven should be there is what the point is. 
===== PDF PAGE 10 =====
  Sahasra Electronic Solutions Limited 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 25 
Amrit Manwani: Yes. 
Paras Chheda: Understood, Sir. Next year onwards, when we are well above the break even, figure for the 
semiconductor business, what kind of EBITDA or profit margin should we assume as a stable 
state business? 
Amrit Manwani: From a consolidated viewpoint, our PAT should be at about 15%. Now, once semiconductors 
go positive and it starts to generate profits, I think we would maintain about 16 % to 17% as 
PAT margin. 
Paras Chheda: This is on the semiconductor business or the entire consolidated entity, including? 
Amrit Manwani: The entire consolidated. The semiconductor business would, as I said, at Rs.50 Crores, it will 
kind of have break even in the future year that is 2027-2028, we are looking at a revenue only 
for semiconductors at about Rs.150 Crores and if that happens, then we will have a 10% PAT 
on semiconductors, but overall we will have a 16% to 17% PAT for the group. 
Paras Chheda: This 15% includes the unlisted private entity also, when we say that, the overall merged entity 
that also, is included in the 15% PAT margin assumption there? 
Amrit Manwani: Yes. 
Paras Chheda: I understood, Sir last second question  of mine what would be the peak like on the 
semiconductor, I guess the peak revenue would be about Rs.250 odd Crores, is what my 
understanding is and correct me if I am wrong, and what would be the peak revenue on the 
EMS business, the current capacity? 
Amrit Manwani: Let me comment on your assumption. As I said, we would definitely be participating in the 
ISM 2.0 scheme, which the government is due to announce in the next couple of months, 
definitely before the SEMICON, which happens in September. We would participate in that  
and thanks to the Rajasthan Government also who has come out with a very good 
semiconductor policy, encouraging semiconductor investment in the state. So, with that, we 
would be doing more investment  and with that, the peak is not only Rs.250 Crores it would 
be definitely much higher. So, we are looking at the next four to five years, reaching a figure 
of anywhere between Rs.600 Crores to Rs.650 Crores. 
Paras Chheda: With the current capacity, only on the semiconductor unit or on the consolidated entity, you 
mean to say? 
===== PDF PAGE 11 =====
  Sahasra Electronic Solutions Limited 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 25 
Varun Manwani: So, with the current capacity at the semiconductor unit, maybe add on of a few delta 
equipment to scale certain areas, we can do Rs.250 Crores based on, as I said, with the current 
capacity. 
Paras Chheda: Right and along with the EMS as well as the private entity put together about Rs.650 Crores 
to Rs.700 Crores in the next three to five years? 
Amrit Manwani: Yes, definitely. 
Paras Chheda: Understood Sir. I will come back. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. We request participants that they can click on the raise and icon from the 
participants tab on the screen. We will wait until the question queue assembles. We will take 
our next question from Shivam Kapoor. Mr. Kapoor, please unmute your microph one. Yes, 
please go ahead. 
Shivam Kapoor: So, my question is with the Chairman, Sir. I would like to know the future prospects of the 
whole entity and the risk concerning to it, please? 
Amrit Manwani: So that is a very good question. As we, looking in the crystal ball, overall, the government of 
India is looking at $400 billion to $500 billion demand for the country in electronics. That is 
significantly, at least 4x from what it is today. So if we were to look at it from that point of 
view, we could also look at definitely more than 4x. We are in, I would say, a sweet spot in 
terms of technology. We have the verticals of PCB, PCB assembly, EMS, semiconductors, 
and memory solutions. So, we could look at over the next three to four years  as one of the 
previous investors also made a remark, definitely Rs.750 Crores or upwards of that. 
Varun Manwani: Yes, and can I address the question on the risks? So, as our Chairman said, that nobody has a 
crystal ball, but look, the global market is currently, as we speak, still going through a lot of 
risks. Unfortunately, the war in the Middle East has its repercussions. At the same time, we 
have to also decide internally whether one chases only growth or one chases profitability and 
in general, in our DNA, we tend to chase profitability. Therefore, that sometimes becomes an 
impediment but these are the only risks that we see.  The global turmoil due to the Middle 
East challenges, or China being a spoilsport in the supply of certain key materials, sometimes 
becomes a challenge but then these challenges are not specific to us only, they are across the 
industry. So, other than this, I think the outlook in general is positive. Your Company will 
strive to work around these challenges to maintain the current position. 
Shivam Kapoor: Thank you, Sir. Sir, my next question is if I am not wrong, if I understand the Company good, 
so what verticals we cover and what market share we cover in those verticals, like 
semiconductor, SD, memory cards, and all of this? If you can just let me know. 
===== PDF PAGE 12 =====
  Sahasra Electronic Solutions Limited 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 25 
Varun Manwani: So, with the consolidated entity, there are four verticals that we are kind of addressing. One 
is the EMS industry on the whole. The second is the memory product solutions that we have. 
The third is our semiconductor packaging, which is primarily feeding t he memory portfolio, 
which is the SD cards and the USB drives and the fourth is IT hardware. The EMS continues 
to drive the majority of the business and the memory products, which as such may fall within 
the EMS, but because we provide compl ete products and solutions to customers, that  is a 
different vertical for us. The third is the semiconductor, and fourth, the IT hardware. Now, in 
the EMS business, we serve a very diverse group of industries. We primarily work in the 
industrial electronics space. We work in IoT electronics. We work in c onsumer electronics, 
healthcare, IT and telecommunication, defense, and also a little bit in automotive. There are 
varying percentages to all these product categories, but overall the EMS business, along with 
the memory products, contributes to about, let us say, about 90% of the revenue, 85% to 90% 
of the revenue. The IT hardware business last year was a bit low for us because after the 
engagement that we had with one of the European brands, which did not take off, 
unfortunately, we have last year been looking at increasing our share in that particu lar 
industry and so this year we are positive in terms of tying up with other brands and being able 
to increase that business to anywhere between 5 % to 7 % and lastly, the semiconductor 
memory business currently contributes to about, let us say, about 10% to 11% and as we grow 
business and as we have already spoken about increasing it to Rs.50 Crores, in a total of 
Rs.215 Crores that we are looking at with our listed entity and the semiconductor entity put 
together, that will represent approximately 22 % to 25%. So I hope that answers your 
questions. 
Shivam Kapoor: Yes, Sir. Just one more question, Sir. The deal with the Europe Company is canceled or it is 
delayed only? 
Varun Manwani: So, the deal with the European Company is canceled because they were not able to sustain 
themselves in the market and so, largely, they have exited the market, and this is something 
which we had already shared with the Stock Exchange as well. However, as I said, we have 
been pursuing other opportunities and we have signed up with another Company and brand. 
Announcements around that will be made shortly once the business begins  and so we are 
exploring many other such engagements within the IT hardware space as well. 
Shivam Kapoor: Thank you, Sir that is it from my side. Good luck. 
Moderator: Thank you. We are taking our next question from Ankur Gulati of Genuity Capital. Ankur, 
you can go ahead with your question now. 
Ankur Gulati: Thanks. Can you just walk us a bit more granular on business development initiatives across 
three to four verticals especially on the client ramp ups and so on? 
===== PDF PAGE 13 =====
  Sahasra Electronic Solutions Limited 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 25 
Moderator: Sorry, management team, were we able to hear the question clearly? 
Amrit Manwani: The second part of the question I was not able to hear. 
Moderator: Ankur, would you like to rephrase that question, please, one more time? 
Ankur Gulati: You can give us more granular details, not the client names, but how is the ramp up of clients 
across three verticals or three companies going to happen and what kind of capacities do we 
have today to cater whatever works for the next few years? 
Varun Manwani: I will answer the second part of the question first. So As I mentioned during my initial 
remarks, at the end of April, with the two new lines getting installed, we have a total of eight 
SMT lines as of today. Four SMT lines are at the Bhiwadi facility, and four SMT lines are at 
the facility in Noida. Now, as of today with these lines, we have enough capacity in place to 
be able to reach the numbers that we have given projection and guidance on. The Noida 
facility is approximately operating at about 80% utilization. However, the Bhiwadi facility is 
in the range of 20% and this is with the four lines that we have, so the infrastructure is already 
built and ready and therefore, if we see the business scaling up, it is primarily plug and play. 
Therefore, we have to bring in additional SMT lines and we will be able to immediately cater 
to the growth in business. Coming to the former part of the question in terms of business 
development initiatives, so, if you look at our semiconductor packaging in the memory space, 
we have dedicated sales and marketing teams in place which are focusing on this segment. 
We are currently catering, as I said, to the consumer space within the micro SD and USB 
product categories. We have signed up distribution agreements and distributors across several 
countries. So we have today distributors in Nepal and in Germany. We are just about signing 
someone in the US and we definitely have our own salespeople across India. When we talk 
about our EMS operations, which includes our  IT hardware and memory products, which 
includes the DDR memory modules and SSD drives, again, we have dedicated business 
development and presales teams, both targeting the exports as well as the domestic market  
and because we serve a wide variety of markets, as I mentioned to the previous gentleman 
who asked the questions, we cater to a lot of wide markets of customers  and therefore, we 
have dedicated people who have experience within that particular space. So, whether it be the 
EV market, be the automotive space, be it IoT electronics, medical, defense, we have business 
development people who are working in these areas and as far as our exports go, we have our 
offices in the US, two on the East Coast and one which we have developed on the West Coast. 
We also have offices in Europe. So the business development teams at these locations are 
scouting for business. Other than that, we are participating in trade shows through LinkedIn, 
etc. So these are the various business development initiatives that we take upon to be able to 
bring in business to the entity. 
===== PDF PAGE 14 =====
  Sahasra Electronic Solutions Limited 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 25 
Ankur Gulati: Varun, sorry, apologies. What I meant by ramp up is today, let  us say you have eight SMT 
lines, and let  us work at each SMT line and easily do 20 to 30 Crores , which means your 
current eight machines can give you 160 , so out of 160, today, what kind of production 
schedules you have from whatever clients you have signed up? 
Varun Manwani: Sorry, can you just repeat the last part? 
Ankur Gulati: So, your total revenue capacity of the SM T line is Rs.160 Crores and you have signed up 
certain customers. So, what kind of production schedules do you already have for the SM T 
lines from the customers? 
Varun Manwani: Okay, so today we are working  or operating on a one and a half shift as we call. So, from a 
customer production schedule ramp up standpoint, we can ramp up to a second shift and a 
third shift as well. The eight SMT lines that are in place are four lines catering to the export 
business and four lines to the domestic. In terms of the production mix, we have a high mix 
medium volume business model. So we are able to cater to diverse business requirements. 
Some of these are long-term projects which have been signed up for the entire year. Some of 
these are quarterly demands and some of them are back-to-back businesses due to the nature 
of the business or nature of the product. So, in terms of the projects that we have as of today, 
that we are doing, the current lines that we have are more than adequate to serve these and if 
there is a ramp up and additional business that we are targeting, we should be able to easily 
manage the demand or growth within the capacity that we have built up. 
Maneesh Tiwari: And, Mr. Ankur, I would like to add one more thing from the finance point of view that we 
have sufficient funds for adding more machines to enhancement for our production 
capabilities and we have Rs.40 odd Crores we kept from IPO  fund in FDR and whenever it 
will be required, we will deploy that fund for procurement of new machines. As and when it 
will be required, we will try to buy the high end technology machines that we are buying in 
tranches. 
Ankur Gulati: Manish ji, the incentive which we got from government is Rs.22 odd Crores how is that 
accounted for in FY2026? 
Maneesh Tiwari: So you are asking from accounting point of view or you would like.? 
Ankur Gulati: Yes Sir. 
Maneesh Tiwari: So far incentive, we received we are taking it as deferred income which is as per accounting 
policy so what we are doing from the portion from the date of procurement of the machinery 
goods till the date of receipt of incentive, we are taking as income fo r this year.  So we are 
considering and calculating on the basis of useful life of the machine which is now basically 
===== PDF PAGE 15 =====
  Sahasra Electronic Solutions Limited 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 25 
for 15 years so over the next 15 years we will show that in the part as other income for the 
subsidiary company so if you say we had some percent this year Rs.2 .0  some Crores and 
Rs.1.6 Crores for the next years. 
Ankur Gulati: So this Rs.7 Crores of other income will continue right that what this quarter was visible? 
Maneesh Tiwari: So in other incomes we have the interest income also because we have kept our money in 
IPO whatever the new line fund from IPO fund, we are keeping in the bank in the form of 
FDR and we are getting the interest from that money so we are showing that interest as other 
income and that portion we are also including it in other income on consolidated basis. 
Ankur Gulati: And Amrit after the merger is approved can you give us how many more shares will be 
issued? 
Amrit Manwani: Yes and based on the valuation that is being determined we will be issuing fresh shares from 
the listed company to the shareholders of the unlisted company. 
Ankur Gulati: So can you help me with the number of shares that we will issue ballpark? 
Maneesh Tiwari: So I can tell you the share exchange ratio, so after the merger SESL issue Rs.226 shares of 
face value Rs.10 for the equity shareholders of the SEPL.  SESL issue 55 equity shares for 
the face value of 10 plus shareholders of Sahasra Sambhav Skill Development Private 
Limited and then we will issue 5 equity shares of ITPL. 
Ankur Gulati: Maneesh ji may be Rutul bhai can help me there was a total share count issuance that is 
roughly let us say… 
Maneesh Tiwari: That complete scheme of arrangement amalgamation we have uploaded on NSE exchange 
and that is available. You can view from there and if you need further explanation you can 
contact through our IR we will explain you in detail but it will take time and man y other 
investors are also on that link. 
Moderator: We will take our next question from Rohit Balakrishnan from of Ithought. Rohit please go 
ahead. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: Good afternoon. Sorry I am a bit new to your business so pardon me if these questions are 
naive. Sir just wanted to understand your EMS business which you said you have two units 
one in Noida and one in Bhiwadi so is the right understanding that Noida is primarily catering 
to the export market and Bhiwadi is to domestic market? 
Varun Manwani: Yes that is correct. 
===== PDF PAGE 16 =====
  Sahasra Electronic Solutions Limited 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 25 
Rohit Balakrishnan: Okay, so in terms of I guess you mentioned that it is about 80% utilization in Noida and about 
22% so do we do similar kind of products in both these units and what is the plan to ramp up 
the utilization in Bhiwadi. 
Varun Manwani: So the first part of your question. When we say similar kind of product units yes in terms of 
the verticals that we serve whether export or domestic we serve all these verticals across the 
geographies, so at both the plants yes we are able to wide variety  of demand that I spoke 
about earlier and therefore we also maintain a healthy mix that in case we were to ever have 
to transfer the business to either of the plants that can also be managed. The second is that 
until the year 2024 -2025 we wer e primarily an export player and so consciously we had 
developed this domestic facility catering towards the domestic demand and therefore being a 
relatively new player with the domestic market we are today at this 20% to 22% utilization 
however we are act ively engaging with a lot of domestic customers and not only domestic 
customers even with multinational companies who have set up their subsidiaries for meeting 
domestic demand of their products, so even though they may be multinational companies 
who have had an export requirement but they also want to cater to the Indian market as the 
market grows and so we are catering to their domestic requirements, so the facility in Bhiwadi 
is a much larger facility and therefore at that facility we will be catering to a lot more volume 
requirements as well, so in the time to come we definitely are looking to scale up and be able 
to increase the utilization so that will give us better returns on the capital employed. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: So how many customers do we have right now in the domestic line so in Bhiwadi line across 
this 22% utilization would be across how many customers roughly? 
Varun Manwani: Well as of today we approximately have 110 plus customers in total. I do not have an exact 
count as we speak on the domestic customers but it would be in the range of 20 plus customers 
at least. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: So got it, is it that we are going to gain wallet share with these 20 customers or it will be like? 
I am only specifically talking about FY2027 of course? You will also have to get new 
customers as we move along but this is what the utilization going up for FY2027 do you have 
any kind of visibility that your existing customer will sort of buy more or get involved in 
newer products with you and what kind of utilization are you projecting for this unit? 
Varun Manwani: So yes there are both, one is the increasing wallet share with the existing customers, which 
means growing with existing customers through both areas? One is growth of existing 
solutions that they are offering to us as a manufacturing service from our side as well as new 
products that they are developing so that is one scenario and the second is obviously adding 
on new customers so that we can increase or rather widen our base to avoid dependence on 
any single customer, so that is there. As f ar as utilization goes, we are targeting that from 
22% so that we can at least go upwards of 40% utilization. 
===== PDF PAGE 17 =====
  Sahasra Electronic Solutions Limited 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 25 
Rohit Balakrishnan: Understood. 
Amrit Manwani: I will just try to add to this that most of our customers particularly the USA because they have 
to get approvals from their end customers in whichever sector they are serving so it takes time 
for certification, for ramping up production from their side s o it takes that much longer to 
ramp up, so as Varun said from 22% to about 40% that is the realistic number that we are 
looking at but we can increase both wallet share as well as add new customers. We will 
constantly be looking at it.  Currently the pipeline for RFQs appears to be quite healthy. 
Varun Manwani: Sorry just to add to this point the facility in Bhiwadi while there are four lines but because 
the vintage of these lines is very, very recent and they had been planned in a way that they 
can address scalable production therefore these lines have a much higher capacity and their 
peak is at 2x of what we can do at the Noida facility, so even if we take it to about 40% there 
will be a very high incremental growth. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: So both these I think can do about Rs.300 Crores combined right in Noida and..? 
Varun Manwani: Approximately yes. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: Got it and before that just one question on the EMS? Sir just understanding this business do 
you have like a long visibility? These are contractedly long duration businesses or they have 
like it can change quarter to quarter whose is your big customer? In this quarter it can change 
like who is the big customer in the next quarter? I am just trying to understand the texture of 
this business more? Is it a short run kind of businesses or is it like you have a contract for let 
us say just random hypothetically saying? Let us say you are building monitors for a TV 
manufacture so you have like contractually that business will continue to keep going on for 
whatever time period or is it that in this quarter you have like that business? Then next quarter 
you will have to figure out something else? How does it work? Sorry for this basic question? 
Varun Manwani: No problem, in fact any questions challenges us as well, so any question is a good question. 
So typically there are different types of customers let me put it this way. The top five, seven 
customers at the hands, we have long term engagements with these cu stomers with much 
longer term visibility beyond specific financial year as well. However, from a visibility 
standpoint, visibility is there from a contractual signing standpoint, usually the customers at 
least that we work with do not sign b eyond one year, because there are obviously market 
forces that everyone wants to take advantage of. So let us say top five, seven customers their 
business is reasonably healthy for us and it is reasonably regular. Yes, there are businesses 
that we manage w hich what we call back -to-back businesses, but again that is the nature of 
the business, where they may not have predictability enough to be able to give long term 
contract, but having said that our customer retention is to the tune of 90% and our business  
repeatability is to the tune of 92%, so we have let us say pretty much visibility into the 
===== PDF PAGE 18 =====
  Sahasra Electronic Solutions Limited 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 25 
business scenario for customers and we have been working with a lot of them for reasonably 
long period of years, so based on historical data and based on quarterly interactions that we 
have done. We are able to have enough for predictability into their ordering forecast that they 
are going to do with us. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: Understood, very clear and on this semiconductor business, I think you had about Rs.15 odd 
Crores and you said that will move to 50 this year, so what is that predicated on and how 
many customers do you have there in the semiconductor business? 
Varun Manwani: Answering your first question, let us say a mix of two, three reasons. One, the consumer 
business that we primarily focus on at the right now has a decent enough void because large 
brands have shifted their focus towards enterprise business, which is highly profitable, highly 
demanding etc, so there is huge demand in the consumer space, which we are catering to. 
Number two, due to the geopolitical scenario, a lot of the customers are looking at India as a 
country, because India has got health y relationship and very neutral to most of the country 
across the world we being perhaps the only player doing memory packaging, we have seeing 
a lot of demand. The third is that so far within this quarter that is starting from next month, 
we might be as close to clocking whatever we did in the last 12 months, so based on this we 
are reasonably confident of being able to achieve guidance that we have given. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: Got it and just to understand one more thing so you mentioned that X of the subsidiary that 
is getting merged you can do about Rs.210 to 215 Crores, so let us say two years out, keeping 
the subsidiary out for a minute, because the timelines can be a bit here and there, which is not 
in your control, but this business which is there in the listed entity today, whatever Rs.200, 
215 Crores, do you see that sort of reaching to Rs.300 Crores on its own let us say FY2028? 
Varun Manwani: If you keep out the entities that are going to merge, of we keep them out, by FY2027, our 
guidance is anywhere between let us say Rs.210 Crores to 220 Crores, so by FY2028, we will 
definitely be looking at the range of Rs.300 Crores. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: Okay and that subsidiary which is there, what is that 85 Crores, 90 Crores that you are 
expected to do, what is the kind of utilization that is working or else? 
Varun Manwani: It is not a subsidiary, it is a separate company. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: Sorry. 
Varun Manwani: Yes, it is a separate company, so there the utilization percentages are to the tune of 85% to 
90% that is primarily for the reason actually that happens to be much older entity, so therefore 
the equipment that we have there is older vintage and therefore t he productivity percentage 
of that entity is higher, however, in the time to come may be in this year we are planning to 
===== PDF PAGE 19 =====
  Sahasra Electronic Solutions Limited 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 25 
have some enhancement over there, so that we can increase the throughput and probably be 
able to serve the same amount of revenue, but on a 60% to 65% capacity utilization, so that 
is we will have more capacity available there as well, to be able to cater to export demand. 
Maneesh Tiwari: Also that entity basically usually we are looking at much higher mix low volume compared 
to the listed entity where we do medium mix medium volume. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: okay, I think this is very helpful probably I will reach out for more detail call as I do more 
work, but this is very essential. Thank you very much. 
Maneesh Tiwari: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Het Ghorecha of Fintura Investments. Het, 
please go ahead. 
Het Ghorecha: Good afternoon. Thank you for the opportunity. First of all congratulations to the 
management on great set of numbers and I went through the PPT presentation of the company 
before attending the concall. So, yes, it was very well prepared and it covered all the major 
operational and financial highlights. So, credit to the management for that. I just had a small 
question like, could you please share the company's capex outlook over the next few years?  
And how do you see the pre-cash flow trajectory evolving going forward? 
Varun Manwani: Mr. Chairman would you like to answer that? 
Amrit Manwani: Yes, so as our CFO Maneesh mentioned, that you know, some of our IPO proceeds we have 
put it in the FD, and that is available for any capital expenditure that maybe a message, in 
terms of there  is the significant demand.  So we are adequately going for that.  But I would 
like to make another point here that by and large  over the years , our company has really 
looked at cash flow as a very important principle behind which we work. So we have always 
maintained that we should have a strong cash flow positive situation.  And we will continue 
to do that. Even as of today, except for the semiconductor company, we do not have any long-
term borrowings. And even the working capital borrowings are significantly lower than what 
we have got approvals for.  So we would continue to look at our strong cash flow principles 
that we should have a very strong, positive cash flow. 
Het Ghorecha: Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you so much. We are taking our next question from Paras Chheda of Purple Vertex. It 
should be a follow-up question. Paras, please go ahead. 
===== PDF PAGE 20 =====
  Sahasra Electronic Solutions Limited 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 25 
Paras Chheda: Sir, on this cash flow from operations bit, I was  not clear on that. So, for the last two years, 
on a console basis, our cash flow from operations they have been negative. So, when can we 
expect this cash flow from operations to turn positive? Whether it would be FY2027, 2028? 
Maneesh Tiwari: Mr. Paras, I would like to answer your question.  So, because of the need of business and 
revenue has been grown, so some of our customers are paying delayed.  Even we have 
accumulated inventories, also, like it is the need for business to accumulate the inventory of 
at least two to three months. So, business is scaling up and we are hoping that it will improve 
in coming years. So, by the end of next year, we are hoping that it will be positive. 
Paras Chheda: So why FY2028? We are saying we could turn positive. 
Amrit Manwani: Yes, we are expecting this. Yes, definitely. So I would also like to mention here, as Maneesh 
said, two points. One is to gain newer customers, particularly for the domestic sector, we have 
invested in a higher inventory so that we can cater to their long -term requirements because 
of uncertainties due to geopolitical tensions, sometimes getting the right components may be 
a challenge. So, therefore, we have had a long term contract with our vendors.  So, that has 
resulted in a lot of cash being put into inventory. So, that is one part. And secondly, sometimes 
we may have particularly in the semiconductor business , looking at the market conditions, 
we have had more inventories so that we can cater to, if there is a shortage in the market. We 
would be able to cater to some of our European customers very quickly and effectively and 
be able to take the benefit of price rise as we have seen in the last three, four months. So that 
has actually resulted what it is right now. 
Paras Chheda: So if the inventory is disruption led, the rise in the inventory, probably that could be 
temporary. But if you are planning a structural business model itself whereby the inventory 
is structurally high to take advantage of opportunities, that means a working capital tie up 
will always be there broadly. So I am just trying to understand because we would like to grow 
some 3 or 4x in terms of revenue from here as well. And then the funding will have to come 
either externally from debt or equity. So, that was the only perspective. 
Amrit Manwani: Yes, we will definitely remain open to all the various options that are available, whether it is 
from debt or whether it is from any other source.  If we have to look at if the demand is very 
healthy and positive and we need to get finances from other sources, other than the 
conventional sources, we would be open to that. 
Paras Chheda: But for FY2028 or onwards. 
Amrit Manwani: We cannot hear you. 
===== PDF PAGE 21 =====
  Sahasra Electronic Solutions Limited 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 25 
Paras Chheda: Yes, I was saying that for FY2028 or onwards, can we sort of expect for cash flow to be, CFO 
to turn positive? But at some point it has to sustainably turn positive. 
Amrit Manwani: Sorry, Mr. Chheda. Can you repeat the last sentence ? 
Paras Chheda: What I was saying is that, for FY 2028 and onwards, can we expect the cash flow from 
operations to turn positive maybe because at some point, in terms of the sustainability of the 
business model, we need to turn or work upon that? 
Maneesh Tiwari: Yes, Mr. Chheda, as our respected chairman mentioned, because after the poor performance 
of FY2025, we try to retain new customers.  That is why we have given some longer credit 
period. Now the customers are sustainable. We are improving on our credit terms, as well as 
one good point is like we received the SPECS incentive in our semiconductor company. So, 
that fund will also help to improve our working capital needs, working capital cash flow. So, 
that is why, considering all the factors, we  believe that we will be positive by the end of 
FY2028. 
Paras Chheda: Understood. One of the other queries is how many active semiconductor customers do we 
have currently on-boarded or qualified? 
Varun Manwani: So, we have a total of approximately 24 to 25 active customers, big and small put together at 
the semiconductor operation. 
Paras Chheda: I understand. And, sir, I mean, in general, whilst, of course, our aspirations will be quite high, 
my understanding is that the memory prices are on a roll for quite some time now.  Are we 
benefiting from that significantly? And, when do we expect sort of this Rs.600 Crores, 700 
Crores kind of peak, revenue to be achieved?  Whether possibly in the next three years or 
would it take beyond that? 
Varun Manwani: So the memory demand is currently, yes, on a roll. The memory industry is extremely volatile. 
So prices, keep on going north, south, depending upon how the demand is and what the 
market can accept.  As we speak, actually at this point of time, the pricing in the consumer 
segment has actually gone down to a large extent.  But we continue to maintain healthy 
demand. Therefore, we are able to do healthy business. With respect to growing the business, 
it is a mix of three things. One, we are continuing to invest in systems and processes so that 
we can have benefits from our operations.  So, that is one. The second is that while we  are 
seeing the demand being consistent and healthy, we  are also trying to increase our customer 
base. But the third is that while the prices have increased, whenever the prices increase, the 
price increases on both ends. If it is at the front end with customers, they also increase at the 
back end with suppliers.  So, the supply chain management, the management of inventory, 
which was already spoken about by our CFO and our chairman, that maintenance of inventory 
===== PDF PAGE 22 =====
  Sahasra Electronic Solutions Limited 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 25 
and stock is very crucial in the memory business  and how do you manage and liquidate that 
stock. The last but not the least is that we will continue to invest in engineering and R &D 
services so that we can have better control over our supply chain through our own solutions 
rather than depending upon partner solutions. That will help the long-term sustainability and 
profitability. 
Paras Chheda: So, in terms of just as a thought process, in terms of the vision now, in terms of peak revenue, 
do we expect that to hit like within three years or so, or would it take beyond that maybe with 
the current foreseeable business trends that we see? 
Amrit Manwani: Let me answer that. When you say peak revenue, are you looking at both… 
Paras Chheda: The EMS as well as the semiconductor units?  to sort of reach the 600 Crores that you were 
talking about as a capacity, optimal capacity utilization? 
Amrit Manwani: Well, definitely we are looking at FY2029, we would have reached that figure. I would also 
put it a little differently. As we go forward, even beyond 2029, what we would like to see is 
that about 65% to 70% of our revenue comes from our EMS business. And about 30% to 35% 
of our business comes from semiconductors.  So that we are not completely dependent only 
on EMS. Semiconductor is a growing segment. As a matter of fact, earlier today when I met 
the Minister of Electronics and IT, he was saying that the demand for semiconductors in the 
country would go up to about $150 billion from a current level of $30 billion. So there is a 
5x demand growth.  Now, so we would want to be  you would like to get a share.  Now, as 
Varun rightly mentioned, how do we protect ourselves from the vagaries of high price of raw 
materials or imports is to do  focus on engineering.  So that is how I said that.  We would 
definitely be applying for ISM 2.0 and get into advanced packaging so that our value -add 
from the business increases.  And therefore, our risk towards supply chain is that much 
reduced. 
Paras Chheda: Understood, sir. And so just, last query in my end now, a little bit basic in nature, whilst 
because I was also  small time investor with A imtron and S yrma SGS. From your Industry 
perspective, how does our business model compare generally in terms of products line to both 
of these, Aimtron and Syrma SGS? 
Varun Manwani: Okay, so, I  will answer that.  If you look at A imtron and S yrma SGS, they are growing 
primarily their EMS business.  What we have chosen to do is, we consider ourselves as a 
technology company, and therefore , you know  we have invested significantly in the 
semiconductor business. Now, it is known worldwide that the semiconductor business is a 
highly capital intensive business.  And therefore, you do  not get returns immediately as you 
get in an EMS business.  However, the long term benefits of the semiconductor industry far 
outweigh the conventional EMS business.  And therefore, you see that even our historical 
===== PDF PAGE 23 =====
  Sahasra Electronic Solutions Limited 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 22 of 25 
background, we have, being a technology company, we have always looked at high margin 
businesses. And semiconductor definitely over time would be a high margin business. 
Paras Chheda: I understand. Just to follow up on this one, sir, in terms of your vision with respect to now 
that you said semiconductor business itself, what parts of the value chain do you want to sort 
of focus on within the semiconductor space? That it is a huge sector. whether OSAT, ATMP, 
chip fabrication is a different league, etc. So, what is your vision with respect to this business 
then? 
Varun Manwani: So, our core focus will be on the ATMP side because when you talk about an OSAT business 
model, the customers that you engage with, let  us be clear that every OSAT customer that 
one engages with is already doing business with some packet company or with some OSAT. 
So there are standards and benchmarks that have already been put in place. And therefore, to 
be able to achieve those benchmarks and standards, one has to be able to prove your track 
record. So that becomes very difficult because ob viously, packaging was not done in India 
prior to this.  With the ATMP model that we are pursuing, and primarily in the memory 
segment, it is not that we will not look at the OSAT at all, but we will once we tend to stabilize, 
mature our existing systems, processes, engineering capabilities, and be able to widen our 
product processing portfolio. Then the approach towards OSATs becomes a much stronger 
bet because then they have seen that we would have a good enough track record, we will have 
enough of experience. And the ecosystem develops in terms of the supply chain and supply 
chain materials. So the approach towards them becomes a slightly different approach with a 
lot of experience in place. 
Paras Chheda: Right, so just  the last query that, Chairman sir mentioned that with respect to our business 
model, we would like to focus move towards little bit the semiconductor business compared 
to the EMS in general. When we spoke about Aimtron and Syrma SGS, my question was the 
attraction towards this semiconductor business in terms of ATMP, where we want to focus 
on. The reason for that is it the market opportunity potential relative to the EMS?  Is it the 
healthy margins, volume business?  What is the c rux that is driving us towards focusing on 
this ATMP business? 
Varun Manwani: So I will just correct that. 
Paras Chheda: But this is a long gestation business, also, in my understanding as far as I understand. 
Varun Manwani: So at least I will like to clarify on that statement. It is not that Mr. Chairman is saying that we 
do not want to focus on EMS. For us, EMS is a lot more legacy. We have been in this space 
for the last 25 years. And we have systems in place, we have senior management in place. In 
fact, we have just onboarded another Business Unit Head to manage the overall B hiwadi 
operation. So we have a lot more management depth to that particular business, which can be 
===== PDF PAGE 24 =====
  Sahasra Electronic Solutions Limited 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 23 of 25 
driven by the overall management team. On the semiconductor side, there will be a lot more 
core management focus given its impact on the overall business that we have and also given 
the impact that it can have for India as a country. So, at the top management level, there will 
be a little bit more focus towards the semiconductor business, given the long gestational 
period that we have to sow the right seeds today.  As I just spoke about putting in the 
engineering team in place, being able to develop solution s within the country, those are the 
areas that we will focus on. 
Paras Chheda: So, just basically cutting my query into a single liner, why not? And just therefore to seek the 
question and answer that I am seeking, is why not just allocate all the capital resources which 
are also deployed in the semiconductor business towards the EMS business itself, which has 
been a legacy business, our strength, etc. Why diversification towards semiconductor? Where 
we know that this is a long  gestation business, capital, working capital requirement will 
always be there, etc., it will take time to grow this business compared to the legacy business 
strength that we already have? 
Amrit Manwani: Yes, but we are not saying that we are not focusing on  EMS business. As I said earlier, almost 
65% to 70% of our revenue, even in 29%, would be from EMS. But semiconductor provides 
new opportunity. There is a huge demand growth. There is also, from a security perspective, 
the country should have its own semiconductor ecosystem, and we want to be a part of that.  
Being a technology company, we would want to have a better value add through engineering 
efforts. So, how does one grow?  You should also have to mitigate your risk in the legacy 
businesses as you go along.  And that is the reason why we  are all interested in 
semiconductors. 
Varun Manwani: Lastly, Mr. Ch heda, I think we all bear the responsibility of also trying to ensure that the 
future of all the Indians depends upon India. For itself to be sustainable and to be, in the words 
of our Prime Minister Atmanirbar, if we continue to depend on external support in the 
hardware and manufacturing space, while we see today the world is bipolar, we do  not want 
to just keep on being stuck in between. So we will have to create, and when I say we, it is all 
the entrepreneurs in the country should create capabilities to be able to have all products being 
manufactured within the country itself. Now, I know everything is not always possible. There 
will be different parts of the supply chain that will get developed in other parts of the world.  
But if we can develop some of the key areas of operation here, we should be able to do that.  
So I think we bear that responsibility as well. 
Paras Chheda: Thank you so much. Best of luck for that.  Hope we grow. This is an upcoming opportunity. 
If we can tab it well, this one is quite a steep opportunity potentially with only that little bit 
with a gestation period that we'll have to sort of take in the stride. 
Varun Manwani: Thank you very much. 
===== PDF PAGE 25 =====
  Sahasra Electronic Solutions Limited 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 24 of 25 
Moderator: Thank you so much.  We are taking the next question from an individual investor, Manan 
Jariwala. Mr. Manan, please go ahead with your question now. Yes, please go ahead. 
Manan Jariwala: I had a question regarding the unlisted companies that we are merging.  So, in the previous 
con call, we had mentioned that regarding the Sahasra Electronics, which is the EMS entity, 
that we are expecting to do around Rs.100 Crores of revenue in this year.  And the PCB 
company was expected to do around Rs.20 crores. So, in total, Rs.120 Crores of revenue in 
FY2026. So, like, how much actual revenue have we done in this year?  And the second part 
is, why have we downgraded the guidance? Like, you mentioned that we are expected to do 
around Rs.90 Crores from new entities in FY2027? 
Amrit Manwani: So, we did about I think, (inaudible) 1:30:07 Crores last year and we will do about the same 
next year. As Varun mentioned, we are there, we do a high mix, low volume business in th e 
non-listed entity. We will continue to do the same, Rs.90 Crores to Rs.95 Crores, depending 
on the exigencies, etc. As far as the other unlisted company Infopower is concerned, for the 
PCBs, we are expecting to do about Rs.24 Crores this year in FY2027. We did about 16 crore 
last year. But as we merge, some of the related party transactions will disappear.  So that is 
why I want to mention that it will come down to Rs.90 Crores. So let me give you an example. 
From our semiconductor entity, we were su pplying to that unlisted companies  because the 
unlisted company was certified by Amazon for semiconductor products.  So, what we were 
doing last year was that we were supplying from semiconductors to the unlisted company and 
they were supplying to Amazon. Now, once the merger takes place that would disappear. So, 
the related party transaction would eliminate that delta that was coming. 
Manan Jariwala: Yes, that makes sense. Thank you. I will join back the queue. 
Moderator: Thank you so much.  Due to the paucity of time, ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as 
the last question for today. I will now hand it over back to the management for their closing 
remarks. Over to you, management team. 
Varun Manwani: Thank you very much, Rutul bhai and your team for supporting us on this investor call today. 
I would also like to thank all the stakeholders involved with us our shareholders, our 
employees, our customers, suppliers as well as the government for supporting our initiatives. 
FY2025 was a turbulent year for us. However, we have put in, when I say we, the entire team 
of Sahasra has put in a lot of effort to get back on track.  And FY2026 is a better year for us. 
We will continue to put in the same effort to su stain and grow as we go along.  There are 
challenges as we see globally.  However, we are well poised to be able to mitigate those 
challenges. And therefore, the guidance that we have given, we will stick to that in the time 
to come. And yes, the semiconductor operation will definitely take some extra focus of the 
management, but that is to help the long gestation period actually come out with the right 
outcome. We have invested heavily at the EMS operation as well.  So, from an investment 
===== PDF PAGE 26 =====
  Sahasra Electronic Solutions Limited 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 25 of 25 
standpoint, barring few technology related investments, I do  not think we will be investing 
heavily in the equipment space, probably within the space of engineering and testing 
capability enhancement. Other than there are a few large contracts that we are working on, if 
those fructify, then yes, we may have to scale up and therefore invest further.  And as of the 
start of the first quarter, we seem to be on track.  So, once again, thank you to everyone who 
has been on this call. And thank you to my colleagues and thank you to our chairman as well. 
Moderator: Thank you so much. On behalf of Sa hasra Electronic Solutions Limited, this concludes 
today's conference call. Thank you all for joining us. And you can now click on the leave icon 
to exit the meeting. Thank you all for your participation. 