[page 1]

[page 2]
AVIENCE BIOMEDICALS LIMITED
       (Formerly Known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited)

              CIN: L74999DL2019PLC359158

                            7th Annual Report 2025 - 2026
[page 3]
BOARD OF DIRECTORS

S.No.    Name          DIN                                   Designation
1        02804625         Mr. Dharam Deo Choudhary           Chairman cum Managing Director
2        02804667         Mr. Ram Nagina Choudhary           Whole-Time Director
3        08647037         Mr. Janardan Pal                         Director
                                                           (Non Executive)
4        09267149          Mrs. Deepa Choudhary                   Director
                                                                        (Executive)
5        07077130         Mr. Pankaj Sharma                       Director
6        10841456         Mr. Om Prakash Pal                      Director

KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL

S. No.     Name                           Designation
1          Mr. Dharam Deo Choudhary     Managing Director
2          Mr. Ram Nagina Choudhary     Whole-Time Director
3          Mr. Saurabh Verma              Chief Financial Officer (CFO)
4          Mr. Manoj Kumar              Compliance Officer/Company
                                               Secretary


REGISTERED OFFICE
Avience Biomedicals Limited
(Cin: L74999DL2019PLC359158)
C-11, Block -C, Community Centre,
Janakpuri A-3, West Delhi, New Delhi-110058, India
[page 4]
Contact No.:011-46074944
E-Mail: Info@Avienbio.Com
Website: www.avienbio.com



ADDITIONAL UNIT AVIENCE BIOMEDICALS LIMITED
G-1, Sector-11, Noida, Gautam Budhha Nagar, Uttar Pradesh-201301



STATUTORY AUDITIORS
M/S HARIBHAKTI & CO. LLP
CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS (FRN 103523W/W100048)
52-B, 3RD FLOOR, , OKHLA INDUSTRIAL AREA
PHASE III, NEW DELHI-110020


REGISTRAR & SHARE TRANSFER AGENT
SKYLINE FINANCIAL SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED
(CIN: U74899DL1995PTC071324)
D-153A, First Floor Okhla Industrial Area, Phase-I, New Delhi- 110020
Telephone No.:011-40450195
Email id: info@skylinerta.com
Website: www.skylinerta.com


BANKERS AVIENCE BIOMEDICALS LIMITED
BANK OF INDIA
[page 5]
 CANARA BANK
 ICICI BANK LIMITED
 SIDBI
YES BANK


COMPOSITION OF COMMITTEES

Audit Committee:

      Name of the Director                Designation in Committee             Nature of Directorship



         Mr. Om Prakash Pal                         Chairperson                      Independent Director

          Mr. Pankaj Sharma                     Member                        Independent Director

      Mr. Dharam Deo Choudhary                  Member                      Managing Director
[page 6]
Nomination and Remuneration Committee:

   Name of the Director            Designation in Committee               Nature of Directorship


     Mr. Om Prakash Pal                    Chairperson                         Independent Director


     Mr. Pankaj Sharma                  Member                           Independent Director

      Mr. Janardan Pal                   Member                         Non-Executive Director


Stakeholders Relationship Committee:

      Name of the Director                Designation in Committee            Nature of Directorship


          Mr. Janardan Pal                          Chairperson                   Non-Executive Director

         Mr. Om Prakash Pal                     Member                       Independent Director


     Mr. Dharam Deo Choudhary                  Member                     Managing Director
[page 7]
                     NOTICE OF 7TH ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
                                (Pursuant to Section 101 of the Companies Act, 2013)

Notice  is hereby given that the Seventh Annual General Meeting of the Members of AVIENCE BIOMEDICALS
LIMITED (formerly known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited) (CIN: L74999DL2019PLC359158) will be held on
Wednesday, the 30th  September, 2026 at 11.30 A.M. through Video Conferencing (VC) /Other Audio-Visual Means
(OAVM) to transact the following business::

ORDINARY BUSINESS


1.     To receive, consider and adopt the Audited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company
         for the financial year ended 31st March, 2026, together with the Reports of the Board of Directors and the
        Auditors thereon and pass as an Ordinary Resolution.

2.     To re-appoint Mr. Dharam Deo Choudhary, Managing Director (holding DIN 02804625), who retires by rotation
          at this meeting and being eligible, offers himself for re-appointment and pass as an Ordinary Resolution.


3.     To re-appoint Mr. Ram Nagina Choudhary, Whole-Time Director (holding DIN 02804667), who retires by
         rotation at this meeting and being eligible, offers himself for re-appointment and pass as an Ordinary Resolution.

4.     Appointment of Statutory Auditors
      To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
     “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 139, 142 and other applicable provisions of the
       Companies  Act, 2013  read with  the Companies (Audit and  Auditors)  Rules, 2014, M/s M.A.M AND
      ASSOCIATES, Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration No. 015680N), be and are hereby appointed as
         Statutory Auditors of the Company, in place of the retiring auditors M/s HARIBHAKTI & CO. LLP, Chartered
[page 8]
        Accountants (Firm Registration No. 103523W/W100048), to hold office from the conclusion of this Annual
        General Meeting until the conclusion of the 12th Annual General Meeting of the Company, at such remuneration
         as may be determined by the Board of Directors in consultation with the Statutory Auditors.”




SPECIAL BUSINESS

5.     To Approve the Borrowing Powers and Creation of Mortgage/Charge on the Assets of the Company under
        Section 180(1)(c) and Section 180(1)(a) of the Companies Act, 2013.
       To consider and if thought fit, to pass, with or without modification(s), the following resolution   as a Special
         Resolution:

     “RESOLVED THAT consent of Company be and is hereby accorded in terms of sec. 180(1)(c) and other
         applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) or any modifications or re-enactment thereof, to
       borrow money when such money to be borrowed by the Company along with the money already borrowed,
        exceeds the aggregate of its paid-up share capital, free reserves and securities premium upto Rs. 100,00,00,000
        (Rupees One Hundred Crores)

     RESOLVED FURTHER THAT consent of the Company be and is hereby accorded in terms of Section
         180(1)(a) and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Act or any modifications or re-enactment thereof  , to
        mortgage and charge by the Board of Directors of the Company, by way of mortgage /Deed of Hypothecation ,as
      may be applicable ,immovable /movable properties of the Company, both present and future, in favor of the Bank,
         constituting Undertaking or Substantially the whole of the Undertaking within the meaning of sec. 180(1)(a) of
         the Act, to secure the repayment of Facilities granted by the Bank to the Borrower including any bank guarantee
       and the interest at agreed rate , cost ,charges ,expenses and all other money payable by the Borrower as per the
         various facility and security documents executed/to be executed by the Borrower/Company in respect of Facilities
              .
[page 9]
     RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Board of directors be and is hereby authorized and shall always be deemed to
        have been authorized to finalize with the Bank the documents for creating the aforesaid mortgage/hypothecation
       and to do all acts, deeds and things as may be necessary for giving effect to the aforesaid resolution.”

6.     To appoint M/S. GR Gupta & Associates, Practicing Company Secretary, as Secretarial Auditors of
        the Company:
      To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, the following Resolution as a Special Resolution:

     “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to provisions of Sections 204 and 179(3) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with
         the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 framed thereunder,
        Regulation 24A of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (including any
         statutory modification(s), re-enactment thereof for time being in force) and circulars issued thereunder from time
         to time, and based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors, M/S. GR Gupta &
         Associates, Practicing Company Secretary, Certificate of Practice Number – 8554, be and is hereby appointed as
         the Secretarial Auditors for the Company, to hold office for a term of five consecutive years i.e. from financial
        year 2026-27 to financial year 2030-31, on such remuneration as may be mutually agreed between the Board of
         Directors and the Secretarial Auditors.

     RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board or any duly constituted Committee of the Board, be and is hereby
        authorised to do all acts, deeds, matters and things as may be deemed necessary and/or expedient in connection
        therewith or incidental thereto, to give effect to the foregoing resolution.”


7.     To appoint M/S. V C A N & CO LLP, Practicing Chartered Accountant, as Internal Auditors of the
      Company:
      To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, the following Resolution as a Special Resolution:
[page 10]
     “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 138 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the
       Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) read with the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 and other applicable rules,
         regulations and provisions of the Act, including any statutory modification(s), amendment(s) or re-enactment(s)
         thereof for the time being in force, M/s V C A N & CO LLP, Chartered Accountants, (Firm Registration No.
       125172W/W101232), be and are hereby appointed as the Internal Auditor of the Company for the Financial Year
       2026-27 to 2030-31, to conduct the internal audit of the Company on such terms and conditions and at such
        remuneration as may be determined by the Board of Directors of the Company in consultation with the Internal
        Auditor.

     RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company be and is hereby authorized to do all
        such acts, deeds, matters and things as may be necessary, desirable or expedient to give effect to this resolution.”


For AVIENCE BIOMEDICALS LIMITED
(Formerly known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited)


Sd/-                                                      Sd/-
DHARAM DEO CHOUDHARY             RAM NAGINA CHOUDHARY
Managing Director                               Whole Time Director
DIN: 02804625                                  DIN: 02804667
Flat-48, Suryodaya Apartment,                              Flat No B-411, The Patel CGHS Ltd Plot No -4 , Sector
Pocket-8, Sec-17, Dwarka                                   4, Dwarka South West Delhi, New Delhi-110075,India
Delhi- 110078, India


Place: New Delhi
Date: 07.09.2026
[page 11]
NOTES FOR MEMBER’S ATTENTION

1.  An Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”), in respect of
   business to be transacted at the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”), as set out under Item Nos. 5 to 7 above and
   the relevant details of the Director as mentioned under Item No. 2 and 3 above as required by Regulation 36(3) of
   the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 “the Listing Regulations” and as
   required under Secretarial Standard on General Meetings issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India,
    is annexed hereto.

2.  In accordance with the provisions of the Act, read with the Rules made thereunder and General Circular Nos.
   14/2020 dated April 8, 2020, 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020, and subsequent circulars issued in this regard latest
   being 03/2025 dated September 22, 2025, other Circulars issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”)
   from time to time, companies are allowed to hold AGM through video conference (“VC”) till further orders,
   without the physical presence of members at a common venue.

3.  Accordingly, in compliance with the provisions of the Act read with the Circulars, the AGM of the
  Company is being held through VC /OAVM only. Further, in accordance with the Secretarial Standard-2 on
   General  Meetings  issued  by  the  Institute  of Company  Secretaries  of  India  (“ICSI”)  read  with
   Guidance/Clarification dated 15th April, 2020 issued by ICSI, the proceedings of the AGM shall be deemed
    to be conducted at the Registered Office of the Company which shall be the deemed Venue of the AGM.

4.  Since this AGM  is being held pursuant to the Circulars through VC/OAVM, physical attendance of
   Members has been dispensed with. Accordingly, the facility for appointment of proxies by the Members
    will not be available for  the AGM and hence the Proxy Form, Attendance Slip and Route Map are not
   annexed to this Notice.

5.  In compliance with the Circulars, Notice of the AGM along with Annual Report for FY 2025-26 is being
   sent only through electronic mode to those Members whose email addresses are registered with the
[page 12]
  Company / Depository Participants (“DPs”) and whose names appear in the Register of Members/ list of
   beneficiaries received from National Securities Depository Limited (“NSDL”) and Central Depository
   Services (India) Limited (“CDSL”) (collectively referred as “Depositories”).

  A letter providing the web-link, including the exact path, where complete details of the Annual Report of
   the Company is available, is being physically sent to those shareholder(s) who have not registered their
   email addresses with the Depository Participant(s), the Company or the RTA of the Company. Members
  who wish  to  obtain  physical  copies  of Annual Report  for FY 2025-26, may send an  e-mail  to
   info@avienbio.com from their registered e-mail address, mentioning their demat ID/ folio no.

6.  The SEBI has mandated the submission of the Permanent Account Number (“PAN”) by every participant
    in the securities market. Members holding shares in electronic form are, therefore requested to submit their
  PAN to their Depository Participant(s). Members holding shares in physical form are requested to submit
    their PAN details to the Company’s share transfer agent, M/s. Skyline Financial Services Private Limited.

7.  Those Members who have already registered their e-mail addresses are requested to keep their e-mail
   addresses validated with their DP to enable servicing of notices/ documents/ Reports and other
   communications electronically to their e-mail address in future.

8.  Members attending the AGM through VC/OAVM will be counted for the purpose of reckoning the
  quorum under Section 103 of the Act.

9.  In compliance with the provisions of Sections 108 and other applicable provisions of the Act, read with
   Rule 20 of Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 and Regulation 44 of the Listing
   Regulations, the Company is offering only e-voting facility to all the Members of the Company and the
   business will be transacted only through the electronic voting system. The Company has engaged the services
   of M/s. Skyline Financial Services Private Limited for facilitating e-voting to enable the Members to cast their
   votes electronically as well as for e-voting during the AGM. Resolution(s) passed by Members through e-
   voting are deemed to have been passed as if they have been passed at the AGM.
[page 13]
 10.  In terms of the Listing Regulations, securities of listed companies can only be transferred in dematerialized
   form with effect from 01st April 2019 except in case of transmission or transposition of securities. In view
    of the above, members holding shares in physical form are advised to dematerialize the shares with their
    Depository Participant. Members are provided with the facility for voting through Voting system during the
  VC/OAVM proceedings at the AGM and Members participating at the AGM, who have not already casted
    their vote by remote e-voting, are eligible to exercise their right to vote at the AGM.

11.  Members who have already casted their vote by remote e-voting prior to the AGM will be eligible to participate
     at the AGM but shall not be entitled to cast their vote again on such resolution(s) for which the Member has
    already casted the vote through remote e-voting.
12. The Register of Members and Share Transfer Books of the Company will remain closed from Thursday,24th
   of September 2026 to Wednesday, 30th September 2026 (both days inclusive) in terms of the provisions of
   Section 91 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the applicable clauses of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and
   Disclosures Requirements Regulations) 2015.

13. The Members of the Company holding shares either in physical form or in dematerialized form, as on the
    cut-off date on Wednesday, 23rd Day of September 2026 may cast their vote by remote e-voting. The remote
   e-voting period commences on Saturday,26th September 2026 at 09:00 A.M. (IST) and ends on Tuesday,
    29th September 2026 at 05:00 P.M. (IST). Once the vote on a resolution is casted by the Member, the
  Member shall not be allowed to change it subsequently.

14. The Explanatory Statement as required under Section 102(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) relating to
   the Special Business(es) to be transacted at the Annual General Meeting (AGM) is annexed hereto and forms
    part of this notice.

15.  Facility of joining the AGM through VC/OAVM shall open 15 minutes before and after the scheduled time of
   the commencement of the Meeting by following the procedure mentioned in the Notice. The facility of
    participation at the AGM through VC/OAVM will be made available on first come first served basis. This
[page 14]
    will  not  include  large  Shareholders  (Shareholders  holding 2%  or more  shareholding),  Promoters,
    Institutional Investors, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, the Chairpersons of the Audit Committee,
   Nomination and Remuneration Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committee, Auditors etc. who are
   allowed to attend the AGM without restriction on account of first come first served basis.

16. Members of the Company under the category of Institutional Investors are encouraged to attend and vote at
   the AGM  through VC/OAVM.  Corporate members  intending  to  authorize  their  representatives  to
    participate and vote  at the meeting, are requested to send a certified copy of the Board Resolution/
   authorization letter to the Company or upload on the VC/OAVM portal/e- voting portal.

17. The Register of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel and their shareholding, maintained under Section 170
   of the Act, and the Register of Contracts or Arrangements in which the Directors are interested, maintained
   under Section 189 of the Act, will be available electronically for inspection by the members during the
  AGM.



18.  All documents referred to in the Notice and Explanatory Statement will also be available for electronic
   inspection, during business hours, without any fee by the members from the date of circulation of  this
   Notice up  to  the  date of AGM. Members seeking to inspect such documents can send an email to
   info@avienbio.com. Members seeking any information with regard to the accounts or any matter to be considered
    at the AGM, are requested to write to the Company by sending e-mail on info@avienbio.com. The same will be
   replied by the Company suitably.

19. Members holding shares in demat form are hereby informed to ensure that updated bank particulars be
   registered with their respective Depository Participants, with whom they maintain their demat accounts.
   The Company or its Registrar and Transfer Agent (RTA) cannot act on any request received directly from
   the Members holding shares in demat form for any change of bank particulars. Such changes are to be
   intimated only to the Depository Participant(s) of the Members. Members holding shares in demat form are
[page 15]
   requested to intimate any change in their address and/or bank mandate immediately to their Depository
    Participants.

20. Members holding shares in physical form are requested to intimate any change of address and/or bank mandate
    to M/s. Skyline Financial Services Private Limited, Registrar and Transfer Agent of the Company immediately.

21. The Company has appointed M/s. G R Gupta and Associates, Practicing Company Secretary, to act as the
    Scrutinizer, for conducting the scrutiny of the votes cast and he has communicated his willingness to be
   appointed.

   The Scrutinizer, after scrutinising the votes cast during the AGM and through remote e-voting, will not later
   than three days of conclusion of the Meeting, make a consolidated scrutinizer’s report and submit the same to
   the Chairman. The results declared along with the consolidated scrutinizer’s report shall be placed on the
   website of the Company www.avienbio.com and CDSL website. The  results  shall simultaneously be
   communicated to the Stock Exchange.

THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR SHAREHOLDERS FOR E-VOTING ARE AS UNDER:


 CDSL e-Voting System – For e-voting and Joining Virtual meetings.


 1.  As you are aware, in view of the situation arising due to COVID-19 global pandemic, the general meetings of the
     companies shall be conducted as per the guidelines issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) vide
     Circular No. 14/2020 dated April 8, 2020, Circular No.17/2020 dated April 13, 2020 and Circular No. 20/2020
     dated May 05, 2020. The forthcoming AGM will thus be held through through video conferencing (VC). Hence,
    Members can attend and participate in the ensuing AGM through VC.


 2.  Pursuant to the provisions of Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 of the Companies
    (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 (as amended) and Regulation 44 of SEBI (Listing Obligations &
[page 16]
        Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 (as amended), and MCA Circulars dated April 08, 2020, April 13,
       2020 and May 05, 2020 the Company is providing facility of remote e-voting to its Members in respect of the
         business to be transacted at the AGM. For this purpose, the Company has entered into an agreement with Central
        Depository Services (India) Limited (CDSL) for facilitating voting through electronic means, as the authorized e-
        Voting’s agency. The facility of casting votes by a member using remote e-voting as well as the e-voting system
       on the date of the AGM will be provided by CDSL.


     3.  In line with the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) Circular No. 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020, the Notice
         calling the AGM has been uploaded on the website of the Company at www.avienbio.com. The Notice can also
        be accessed from the websites of the Stock Exchanges  i.e. National Stock Exchange of India Limited  at
        www.nseindia.com. The AGM Notice is also disseminated on the website of CDSL (agency for providing the
       Remote e-Voting facility and e-voting system during the AGM) i.e. www.evotingindia.com.


     4.  The AGM has been convened through VC in compliance with applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013
        read with MCA Circular No. 14/2020 dated April 8, 2020 and MCA Circular No. 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020
       and MCA Circular No. 20/2020 dated May 05, 2020.



THE INTRUCTIONS OF SHAREHOLDERS FOR E-VOTING AND JOINING VIRTUAL MEETINGS ARE AS
UNDER:


     Step 1       : Access through Depositories CDSL/NSDL e-Voting system in case of individual shareholders
                holding shares in demat mode.

     Step 2       : Access through CDSL e-Voting system in case of shareholders holding shares in physical mode
             and non-individual shareholders in demat mode.
[page 17]
  (i)   The voting period begins on Saturday,26th September 2026 at 09:00 A.M. (IST) and ends on Tuesday, 29th
       September 2026 at 05:00 P.M. (IST). During this period shareholders’ of the Company, holding shares either in
        physical form or in dematerialized form, as on the cut-off date (record date) of 23/09/2026 may cast their vote
         electronically. The e-voting module shall be disabled by CDSL for voting thereafter.

 (ii)    Shareholders who have already voted prior to the meeting date would not be entitled to vote at the meeting venue.


(iii)    Pursuant to SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated 09.12.2020, under Regulation 44 of
        Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015,
         listed entities are required to provide remote e-voting facility to its shareholders, in respect of all shareholders’
         resolutions. However, it has been observed that the participation by the public non-institutional shareholders/retail
        shareholders is at a negligible level.

        Currently, there are multiple e-voting service providers (ESPs) providing e-voting facility to listed entities in
         India. This necessitates registration on various ESPs and maintenance of multiple user IDs and passwords by the
        shareholders.

        In order to increase the efficiency of the voting process, pursuant to a public consultation, it has been decided to
        enable e-voting to all the demat account holders, by way of a single login credential, through their demat
       accounts/ websites of Depositories/ Depository Participants. Demat account holders would be able to cast their
        vote without having to register again with the ESPs, thereby, not only facilitating seamless authentication but also
       enhancing ease and convenience of participating in e-voting process.

    Step 1       : Access through Depositories CDSL/NSDL e-Voting system in case of individual shareholders
               holding shares in demat mode.
[page 18]
(iv)     In terms of SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting
          facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to
        vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are
        advised to update their mobile number and email Id in their demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility.

   Pursuant to abovesaid SEBI Circular, Login method for e-Voting and joining  virtual meetings for Individual
   shareholders holding securities in Demat mode CDSL/NSDL is given below:

    Type        of  Login Method
     shareholders
                            1)  Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can
      Individual                 login through their existing user id and password. Option will
     Shareholders                             be made available to reach e-Voting page without any further
     holding                                  authentication. The users  to login  to Easi  /  Easiest are
      securities in
                                requested to visit cdsl website www.cdslindia.com and click    Demat mode
     with CDSL             on login icon & My Easi New (Token) Tab.
     Depository
                            2)  After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to
                                see the e-Voting option for eligible companies where the
                                evoting  is in progress as per the information provided by
                            company. On clicking the evoting option, the user will be able
                                   to see e-Voting page of the e-Voting service provider for
                                  casting your vote during  the remote e-Voting period or
                                  joining  virtual  meeting &  voting  during  the  meeting.
                                 Additionally, there is also links provided to access the system
[page 19]
    of all e-Voting Service Providers, so that the user can visit the
    e-Voting service providers’ website directly.

3)   If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register
     is available at cdsl website www.cdslindia.com and click on
    login & My Easi New (Token) Tab and then  click on
     registration option.

4)  Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by
    providing Demat Account Number and PAN No. from a e-
    Voting link available on www.cdslindia.com home page. The
    system  will  authenticate  the  user by  sending OTP on
     registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the Demat Account.
    After successful authentication, user will be able to see the e-
    Voting option where the evoting is in progress and also able
     to  directly  access  the  system  of  all  e-Voting  Service
    Providers.
[page 20]
                      1)   If you are already registered for NSDL IDeAS facility, please
Individual                     visit the e-Services website of NSDL. Open web browser by
Shareholders                          typing the following URL: https://eservices.nsdl.com either
holding                      on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page
securities in
                           of e-Services is launched, click on the “Beneficial Owner”demat mode
with NSDL               icon under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section.
Depository         A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID
                       and Password. After successful authentication, you will be
                           able to see e-Voting services. Click on “Access to e-Voting”
                         under e-Voting services and you will be able to see e-Voting
                          page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider
                     name and you will be re-directed to e-Voting service provider
                          website for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting
                          period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.


                      2)   If the user is not  registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to
                              register  is  available  at  https://eservices.nsdl.com.   Select
                           “Register  Online  for  IDeAS  “Portal  or  click        at
                           https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp

                      3)  Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by
                          typing  the  following URL:  https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/
                              either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home
                        page of e-Voting system  is launched,  click on  the icon
[page 21]
    “Login” which  is  available  under  ‘Shareholder/Member’
     section. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your
    User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat account number hold
    with NSDL), Password/OTP and a  Verification Code as
   shown on the screen. After successful authentication, you will
    be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-
    Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service
    provider name and you will be redirected to e-Voting service
    provider website for casting your vote during the remote e-
    Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the
    meeting
4)  For   OTP     based     login    you     can     click
    on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogi
     n.jsp. You will have to enter your 8-digit DP ID,8-digit Client
     Id, PAN No., Verification code and generate OTP. Enter the
   OTP received on registered email id/mobile number and click
    on  login.  After  successful  authentication,  you  will  be
    redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-
    Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service
    provider name and you  will be re-directed  to e-Voting
    service provider website for casting your vote during the
    remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting
    during the meeting.
[page 22]
     Individual
                    You can also login using the login credentials of your demat
     Shareholders
                             account through your Depository Participant registered with
     (holding
                     NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility. After Successful login, you
     securities     in
                                 will be able to see e-Voting option. Once you click on e-Voting
    demat   mode)
                                option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site
     login   through
                                   after successful authentication, wherein you can see e-Voting
      their
                                  feature. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider
    Depository
                        name and you will be redirected to e-Voting service provider
     Participants
                             website  for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting
    (DP)
                              period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.




Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget
  Password option available at abovementioned website.

Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related to login
  through Depository i.e. CDSL and NSDL

Login type                              Helpdesk details
Individual Shareholders holding securities in   Members facing any technical issue in login
Demat mode with CDSL                    can contact CDSL helpdesk by sending a
                                                request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com
                                               or contact at toll free no. 1800 21 09911

Individual Shareholders holding securities in   Members facing any technical issue in login
Demat mode with NSDL                    can contact NSDL helpdesk by sending a
                                                request at evoting@nsdl.co.in or call at  :
[page 23]
                                         022 - 4886 7000 and 022 - 2499 7000



 Step 2   : Access through CDSL e-Voting system in case of shareholders holding shares in physical mode and non-
 individual shareholders in demat mode.

   (v)    Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meetings for Physical shareholders and shareholders other than
         individual holding in Demat form.

     1)  The shareholders should log on to the e-voting website www.evotingindia.com.
     2)  Click on “Shareholders” module.
     3) Now enter your User ID
                 a.  For CDSL: 16 digits beneficiary ID,
               b.  For NSDL: 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digits Client ID,
                 c.   Shareholders holding shares in Physical Form should enter Folio Number registered with the Company.
     4)  Next enter the Image Verification as displayed and Click on Login.
     5)   If you are holding shares in demat form and had logged on to www.evotingindia.com and voted on an earlier e-
         voting of any company, then your existing password is to be used.
     6)   If you are a first-time user follow the steps given below:
            For Physical shareholders and other than individual shareholders holding shares in
            Demat.
PAN          Enter your 10 digit alpha-numeric *PAN issued by Income Tax Department (Applicable
                for both demat shareholders as well as physical shareholders)
[page 24]
                     Shareholders who have not updated their PAN with the Company/Depository
                         Participant are requested to use the sequence number sent by Company/RTA or
                        contact Company/RTA.
Dividend      Enter the Dividend Bank Details or Date of Birth (in dd/mm/yyyy format) as recorded
Bank Details   in your demat account or in the company records in order to login.
OR Date of          If both the details are not recorded with the depository or company, please
Birth (DOB)            enter the member id / folio number in the Dividend Bank details field.


  (vi)    After entering these details appropriately, click on “SUBMIT” tab.
 (vii)    Shareholders holding shares in physical form will then directly reach the Company selection screen. However,
         shareholders holding shares in demat form will now reach ‘Password Creation’ menu wherein they are required to
         mandatorily enter their login password in the new password field. Kindly note that this password is to be also used
        by the demat holders for voting for resolutions of any other company on which they are eligible to vote, provided
           that company opts for e-voting through CDSL platform. It is strongly recommended not to share your password
         with any other person and take utmost care to keep your password confidential.
(viii)    For shareholders holding shares in physical form, the details can be used only for e-voting on the resolutions
         contained in this Notice.
  (ix)    Click on the EVSN for the relevant Avience Biomedicals Limited on which you choose to vote.
   (x)   On the voting page, you will see “RESOLUTION DESCRIPTION” and against the same the option “YES/NO”
          for voting. Select the option YES or NO as desired. The option YES implies that you assent to the Resolution and
         option NO implies that you dissent to the Resolution.
  (xi)    Click on the “RESOLUTIONS FILE LINK” if you wish to view the entire Resolution details.
[page 25]
 (xii)    After selecting the resolution, you have decided to vote on, click on “SUBMIT”. A confirmation box will be
          displayed. If you wish to confirm your vote, click on “OK”, else to change your vote, click on “CANCEL” and
         accordingly modify your vote.
 (xiii)   Once you “CONFIRM” your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote.


 (xiv)   You can also take a print of the votes cast by clicking on “Click here to print” option on the Voting page.
 (xv)     If a demat account holder has forgotten the login password then Enter the User ID and the image verification code
        and click on Forgot Password & enter the details as prompted by the system.
 (xvi)    There  is also an optional provision to upload BR/POA  if any uploaded, which will be made available to
          scrutinizer for verification.


(xvii)    Additional Facility for Non – Individual Shareholders and Custodians –For Remote Voting only.

        Non-Individual shareholders (i.e. other than Individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) and Custodians are required to log on to

         www.evotingindia.com and register themselves in the “Corporates” module.
       A scanned copy of the Registration Form bearing the stamp and sign of the entity should be emailed to

         helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com.
        After receiving the login details a Compliance User should be created using the admin login and password. The

        Compliance User would be able to link the account(s) for which they wish to vote on.
        The list of accounts linked in the login will be mapped automatically & can be delink in case of any wrong

         mapping.
[page 26]
     It is Mandatory that, a scanned copy of the Board Resolution and Power of Attorney (POA) which they have

      issued in favour of the Custodian, if any, should be uploaded in PDF format in the system for the scrutinizer to

      verify the same.
    Alternatively Non Individual shareholders are required mandatory to send the relevant Board Resolution/
     Authority  letter  etc. together with  attested specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory who are
      authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer and to the Company at the email address viz; info@avienbio.com, if they
     have voted from individual tab & not uploaded same in the CDSL e-voting system for the scrutinizer to verify the
     same.


INSTRUCTIONS FOR SHAREHOLDERS ATTENDING THE AGM THROUGH VC/OAVM & E-VOTING
                      DURING MEETING ARE AS UNDER:

 1.  The procedure for attending meeting & e-Voting on the day of the AGM is same as the instructions mentioned
     above for e-voting.
 2.  The link for VC/OAVM to attend meeting will be available where the EVSN of Company will be displayed after
      successful login as per the instructions mentioned above for e-voting.
 3.  Shareholders who have voted through Remote e-Voting will be eligible to attend the meeting. However, they will
     not be eligible to vote at the AGM.
 4.  Shareholders are encouraged to join the Meeting through Laptops / IPads for better experience.
 5.  Further shareholders will be required to allow Camera and use Internet with a good speed to avoid any
      disturbance during the meeting.
 6.  Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile Devices or Tablets or through Laptop connecting via
     Mobile Hotspot may experience Audio/Video loss due to Fluctuation in their respective network. It is therefore
     recommended to use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.
 7.  Shareholders who would like to express their views/ask questions during the meeting may register themselves as a
     speaker by sending their request in advance atleast 10 days prior to meeting mentioning their name, demat
[page 27]
        account number/folio number, email  id, mobile number at company email id  i.e. info@avienbio.com. The
         shareholders who do not wish to speak during the AGM but have queries may send their queries in advance 10
       days prior to meeting mentioning their name, demat account number/folio number, email id, mobile number at
       (company email id) i.e. info@avienbio.com. These queries will be replied to by the company suitably by email.
     8.  Those shareholders who have registered themselves as a speaker will only be allowed to express their views/ask
         questions during the meeting.
     9.  Only those shareholders, who are present in the AGM through VC facility and have not casted their vote on the
        Resolutions through remote e-Voting and are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through
        e-Voting system available during the AGM.
    10.  If any Votes are cast by the shareholders through the e-voting available during the AGM and  if the same
         shareholders have not participated in the meeting through VC facility, then the votes cast by such shareholders
      may be considered invalid as the facility of e-voting during the meeting is available only to the shareholders
         attending the meeting.



PROCESS FOR THOSE SHAREHOLDERS WHOSE EMAIL/MOBILE NO. ARE NOT REGISTERED WITH
THE COMPANY/DEPOSITORIES.


          1. For Physical shareholders- Please provide necessary details like Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned
       copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self
         attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email to Company/RTA email id as mentioned in corporate details.
          2. For Demat shareholders - Please update your email id & mobile no. with your respective Depository
        Participant (DP)
          3. For Individual Demat shareholders – Please update your email id & mobile no. with your respective
        Depository Participant (DP) which  is mandatory while e-Voting & joining virtual meetings through
        Depository.
[page 28]
If you have any queries or issues regarding attending AGM & e-Voting from the CDSL e-Voting System, you can write an
email to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no. 1800 21 09911.


All grievances connected with the facility for voting by electronic means may be addressed to Mr. Rakesh Dalvi, Sr.
Manager, (CDSL, ) Central Depository Services (India) Limited, A Wing, 25th Floor, Marathon Futurex, Mafatlal Mill
Compounds, N M Joshi Marg, Lower Parel (East), Mumbai - 400013 or send an email to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com
or call  toll free no. 1800 21 09911.




EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102(1) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013
The following Statement sets out all material facts relating to the special business proposed in this Notice:

ITEM NO. 5:

The Company, in the ordinary course of its business, may be required to avail financial assistance, loans, working capital
facilities, term loans, bank guarantees and other banking facilities from banks and/or financial institutions from time to
time for meeting its working capital requirements, capital expenditure, business expansion and other general corporate
purposes.

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 180(1)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013, the Board of Directors of the Company can
borrow monies, where the money to be borrowed together with the money already borrowed by the Company exceeds the
aggregate of its paid-up share capital, free reserves and securities premium, only with the consent of the members by way
of a Special Resolution.
[page 29]
Accordingly, the approval of the members is sought to authorize the Board of Directors to borrow monies, from time to
time, together with the monies already borrowed by the Company, up to an aggregate amount of Rs. 100,00,00,000/-
(Rupees One Hundred Crores only), notwithstanding that the aggregate of such borrowings may exceed the aggregate of
the paid-up share capital, free reserves and securities premium of the Company, subject to applicable laws.

Further, pursuant to Section 180(1)(a) of the Companies Act, 2013, the Board of Directors is required to obtain the consent
of the members by way of a Special Resolution for creating mortgage, charge or hypothecation over the whole or
substantially the whole of the undertaking of the Company for securing such borrowings and other financial facilities.

Accordingly, approval of the members is also sought to authorize the Board of Directors to create mortgage, charge and/or
hypothecation, as may be applicable, over the movable and/or immovable properties of the Company, both present and
future, including the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking of the Company, in favour of the concerned
bank(s) and/or financial institution(s), to secure the repayment of loans, credit facilities, bank guarantees and other
financial facilities availed/to be availed by the Company, together with interest, additional interest, costs, charges, expenses
and all other monies payable in connection therewith.

The proposed resolutions will enable the Company to arrange its financial requirements in an efficient and timely manner
and provide necessary security for the financial facilities availed by the Company.

The Board of Directors recommends the resolutions set out at Item No. 5 of the accompanying Notice for approval of the
members as Special Resolutions.

None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or their respective relatives is concerned or interested,
financially or otherwise, in the proposed resolutions, except to the extent of their respective shareholding, if any, in the
Company.
[page 30]
ITEM NO. 6:

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 204 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”), read with the Companies (Appointment and
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, and Regulation 24A of the Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), as amended from
time to time, every listed entity is required to undertake secretarial audit by a Secretarial Auditor who shall be appointed by
the Members of the Company at the Annual General Meeting.

The Secretarial Audit Report provides an independent assessment of the Company’s compliance with applicable laws,
rules, regulations and other statutory requirements.

Based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, the Board of Directors at its meeting held on 25/08/2026 has
recommended the appointment of M/s. GR Gupta & Associates, Practicing Company Secretary, Certificate of Practice No.
8554, as the Secretarial Auditors of the Company for a term of five consecutive financial years commencing from FY
2026-27 to FY 2030-31, subject to approval of the Members by way of a Special Resolution.

M/s. GR Gupta & Associates have given their consent to act as Secretarial Auditors of the Company and have confirmed
that their appointment,  if made, shall be in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Act and SEBI Listing
Regulations and that they satisfy the eligibility and other applicable requirements prescribed under the applicable laws.

The remuneration payable to the Secretarial Auditors shall be such as may be mutually agreed between the Board of
Directors of the Company and the Secretarial Auditors.

The Board considers the appointment of M/s. GR Gupta & Associates as Secretarial Auditors to be in the best interests of
the Company and recommends the resolution set out at Item No. 6 of the accompanying Notice for approval of the
Members by way of a Special Resolution.
[page 31]
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or their respective relatives is, in any way, concerned or
interested, financially or otherwise, in the proposed resolution, except to the extent of their respective shareholding, if any,
in the Company.




ITEM NO. 7:

The Company  is required to appoint an Internal Auditor in accordance with the provisions of Section 138 of the
Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) read with the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 and other applicable provisions of the Act.

The Board of Directors of the Company, based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, wherever applicable, has
proposed  the  appointment  of  M/s V C A N & CO  LLP,  Chartered  Accountants  (Firm  Registration  No.
125172W/W101232) as the Internal Auditor of the Company for the financial years 2026-27 to 2030-31, to conduct the
internal audit of the Company.

The Internal Auditor shall conduct the internal audit of the Company in accordance with the applicable provisions of the
Act and the terms and conditions as may be mutually agreed with the Company. The remuneration of the Internal Auditor
shall be determined by the Board of Directors in consultation with the Internal Auditor.

The Board considers the appointment of M/s. V C A N & CO LLP, as Internal Auditors to be in the best interests of the
Company and recommends the resolution set out at Item No. 7 of the accompanying Notice for approval of the Members
by way of a Special Resolution.

None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or their respective relatives is, in any way, concerned or
interested, financially or otherwise, in the proposed resolution, except to the extent of their respective shareholding, if any,
in the Company.
[page 32]
For AVIENCE BIOMEDICALS LIMITED
(Formerly known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited)


Sd/-                                                      Sd/-
DHARAM DEO CHOUDHARY             RAM NAGINA CHOUDHARY
Managing Director                               Whole Time Director
DIN: 02804625                                  DIN: 02804667
Flat-48, Suryodaya Apartment,                              Flat No B-411, The Patel CGHS Ltd Plot No -4 , Sector
Pocket-8, Sec-17, Dwarka                                   4, Dwarka South West Delhi, New Delhi-110075,India
Delhi- 110078, India


Place: New Delhi
Date: 07.09.2026
[page 33]
Profile of the Directors being appointed  / re-appointed as required under Regulation 36 of the SEBI (Listing
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015

Particulars       Mr. Dharam Deo Choudhary            Mr. Ram Nagina Choudhary
                (DIN: 02804625)                  DIN (02804667)
Date of Birth     15-01-1968                           05-07-1979
Age            58 Years                             46 Years
Date of          23-12-2019                             23-12-2019
Appointment
Qualification      Fellow member of the Institute of Cost      Higher Secondary
                 Accountants of India, holder of a
                 Bachelor of Commerce degree, and
                 Passed Intermediate Examination
                 conducted
                by the Institute of Chartered Accountants
                   of India.
Experience (in    Over 30 Years                         Over 22 Years
years)
Expertise In      30 years of experience spanning finance,    22 years of experience in overseeing daily
Specific           accounts, and the In Vitro Diagnostics       operations, managing logistics, and execution of
functional areas   (IVD) industry.                           supply chain.
Disclosure of     Spouse of Deepa Choudhary and Brother    Brother of Dharam Deo Choudhary and Janardan
Relationship       of Ram Nagina Choudhary and Janardan    Pal and Brother-in-law of Deepa
between the       Pal                                  Choudhary
Directors inter-
se
Directorships in   Nil                                      Nil
other Public
[page 34]
Listed
companies in
India
Membership       Nil                                      Nil
         of
Committees
held in other
Public Listed
companies in
India
Terms and      He is Executive Non Independent Director  He is Executive Non Independent Director
conditions of      representing the Promoter’s Company. He   representing the Promoter’s Company. He is
appointment         is received Rs. 3.5 Lakhs p.m.              received Rs. 1 Lakh p.m. remuneration from the
                  remuneration from the Company.         Company.
Brief Biography   Dharam Deo Choudhary, aged 58, is the   Ram Nagina Choudhary, aged 46 years, is the
                  Promoter, Chairman, and Managing        Promoter and Whole time Director of our
                   Director of the company, with 30 years of   Company. He is also the founding member of
                  experience spanning finance, accounts,    DR Meditech Surgical and Diagnostics (India)
                and the In Vitro Diagnostics (IVD)          Private Limited incorporated in the year 2010. He
                    industry. He is a fellow member of the      has over 22 years of experience in overseeing daily
                      Institute of Cost Accountants of              operations, managing logistics, and execution of
                   India since 1995, he holds a Bachelor of     supply chain. He has expertise in supply chain
              Commerce from DDU Gorakhpur         management, operations, customer care,
                   University and cleared CA (Intermediate)    procurement, and business administration. focuses
                    in 1995. His professional career includes    on driving growth initiatives and ensuring smooth
                14 years of experience in field of finance    operations.
                and accounts across companies like Uflex
                  Limited, Seal Freight Forwarder Limited,
                     Inertia industries Limited etc. and 16 years
[page 35]
                    in the IVD sector.
Details of       N.A.                                N.A.
remuneration
sought to be
paid
Remuneration     Rs. 37.50 Lakhs per annum               Rs. 729030 per annum
last drawn
Number of       13                                  13
Meetings of the
Board attended
during the year
List   of   other   Managing Director of DR Meditech         Director of DR Meditech Surgical and Diagnostics
Companies   in   Surgical and Diagnostics (India) Private      (India) Private Limited
which  he/  she   Limited
holds
Directorship  as
on 31/03/2026
Details of
Membership/
Chairmanship of
Committees of
other Boards

Relationship      Spouse of Deepa Choudhary and Brother    Brother of Dharam Deo Choudhary and Janardan
with other         of Ram Nagina Choudhary and Janardan    Pal and Brother-in-law of Deepa
Director/s,        Pal                                  Choudhary
Manager and
Key Managerial
[page 36]
Personnel


Equity Shares    2038756                            842370
held in the
Company (as on
31/03/2026)
[page 37]
                    BOARD REPORT

The Board of Directors ("Board") of AVIENCE BIOMEDICALS LIMITED (Formerly
Known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited) is pleased to present the 7th Annual
Report of the Company, being its first Annual Report following the listing of its equity
shares on the National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”) together with the audited
standalone and consolidated financial statements and the Auditors' Reports thereon for the
financial year (“FY”) ended March 31, 2026 (“FY 2025-26”).

1. HIGHLIGHTS OF FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

A summary of the Company's standalone and consolidated financial performance is set out
below:
                                                (Amount In INR Lakhs)
  PARTICILARS       Standalone     Standalone    Consolidated   Consolidated
                          (Audited)      (Audited)      (Audited)      (Audited)
                  FY 25-26     FY 24-25     FY 25-26    FY 24-25
Revenue from                                            5250.58        4523.59
                            3,531.47        2,888.95
 operations
Other income                18.36          64.81           28.92          67.25
Total Income              3,549.83        2,953.76        5279.50        4590.84
 Less: Total Expenses        2,601.60        2,259.74        4032.92        3606.47
 Less: Prior Period                                                             7.50
                                              7.50
 items
 Profit/Loss before tax                                    1246.58                           948.23         686.52
                                                                         976.88
Tax Expenses               274.90         186.31         371.30         266.97
 Profit/Loss for the                                        875.28         709.90
                           673.33         500.21
year
[page 38]
2. INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING & LISTING OF EQUITY SHARES OF THE
COMPANY

The  Directors  are pleased  to inform  the Members  that  the Company  successfully
completed its Initial Public Offer (“IPO”) during the initial stage of the financial year
2026-27 and was listed on the EMERGE Platform of National Stock Exchange of India
Limited (“NSE”) on 25 June 2026. The successful completion of the IPO and listing of the
Equity Shares marks a significant milestone in the growth and development journey of the
Company and reflects the confidence reposed by investors in the Company’s business,
growth prospects and future plans.

The IPO comprised a Fresh Issue of 14,53,800 Equity Shares having a face value of
Rs.10/-  each  at  an  offer  price  of  Rs.208/-  per  Equity  Share,  aggregating  to
Rs.30,23,90,400/-. The net proceeds from the Fresh Issue are being utilised towards the
Company’s expansion, growth and strategic initiatives and other purposes, in accordance
with the objects of the Offer as disclosed in the Prospectus.

The successful completion of the IPO and listing on NSE has further strengthened the
Company’s financial and operational position and is expected to provide a strong platform
for pursuing its growth plans and strategic objectives.

The Board of Directors places on record its sincere appreciation for the guidance, support
and professional assistance extended by the Book Running Lead Managers, legal counsels,
advisors, intermediaries, the Securities and Exchange Board of India, NSE, the Registrar
of Companies and all other authorities and stakeholders involved in the IPO and listing
process. The Board also expresses its gratitude to the Members and investors for the
confidence and trust reposed in the Company and its management.


Utilisation of IPO Proceeds:
During the financial year 2026-27, the Company successfully completed its Initial Public
Offer (“IPO”) comprising a Fresh Issue of 14,53,800 Equity Shares of face value of
Rs.10/-  each  at  an  offer  price  of  Rs.208/-  per  Equity  Share,  aggregating  to
Rs.30,23,90,400/-.

The net proceeds received from the Fresh Issue are being utilised in accordance with the
objects of the Issue as disclosed in the Prospectus. The proceeds are primarily being
utilised towards the Company’s expansion, growth and strategic initiatives and other
purposes specified in the Prospectus.
[page 39]
The Company is committed to ensuring that the IPO proceeds are utilised prudently and in
accordance with the stated objects of the Issue. The utilisation of the proceeds is being
monitored in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, SEBI
regulations and other applicable laws and requirements.

As at the date of this Report, the utilisation of the IPO proceeds is in accordance with the
objects stated in the Prospectus, and there has been no material deviation from the stated
objects of the Issue.

3. STATE OF COMPANY’S AFFAIRS

During the financial year ended 31st March, 2026, the Company continued to maintain a
healthy financial position and recorded significant growth in its operations.

The Company’s standalone revenue from operations increased from Rs.2,888.95 lakh in
FY 2024-25 to Rs.3,531.47 lakh in FY 2025-26, representing an increase of approximately
22.24%. The standalone profit before tax increased from Rs.686.52 lakh to Rs.948.23
lakh, while the standalone profit for the year increased from Rs.500.21 lakh to Rs.673.33
lakh, registering growth of approximately 38.10% and 34.61%, respectively.

On a consolidated basis, the revenue from operations increased from Rs.4,523.59 lakh in
FY 2024-25 to Rs.5,250.58 lakh in FY 2025-26, representing an increase of approximately
16.07%. The consolidated profit before tax increased from Rs.976.88 lakh to Rs.1,246.58
lakh, while the consolidated profit for the year increased from Rs.709.90 lakh to Rs.875.28
lakh, registering growth of approximately 27.61% and 23.29%, respectively.

The above financial results reflect the Company's continued growth in revenue and
profitability during the year under review. The Directors remain confident about the
Company's future prospects and are committed to strengthening its operations, improving
efficiencies and pursuing sustainable growth opportunities.

4. MATERIAL CHANGES AND COMMITMENTS, IF ANY, AFFECTING THE
FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 134(3)(l) of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”),
there have been no material changes and commitments affecting the financial position of
the Company between the end of the financial year. However during the initial stage of the
financial year 2026-27, the company listed on the EMERGE Platform of National Stock
Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”) on 25 June 2026. The company IPO comprised a
Fresh Issue of 14,53,800 Equity Shares having a face value of Rs.10/- each at an offer
price of Rs.208/- per Equity Share, aggregating to Rs.30,23,90,400/-.
[page 40]
5. DIVIDEND

In order to conserve the resources, your directors have not recommended any dividend for
the financial year ended March 31, 2026.

6. TRANSFER TO RESERVES

During FY 2025-26, the Company has not transferred any amount to the reserves.

7. SHARE CAPITAL

The Company’s Share Capital position for the FY 2025-26 as set out below:


Authorized Share Capital: The authorised share capital of the Company as on March 31,
2026, is INR 7,00,00,000 (Indian Rupees Seven Crore Only)) divided into 70,00,000
(Seventy lakhs’ Rupees) equity shares having a face value of INR 10 each.

Issued, Subscribed and Paid-up share capital: The issued, subscribed and paid-up share
capital of the Company as on March 31, 2026, is INR 4,03,12,560 divided into 40,31,256
equity shares having a face value of INR 10 each. However company had allotted under
IPO which comprised a Fresh Issue of 14,53,800 Equity Shares having a face value of
Rs.10/-  each  at  an  offer  price  of  Rs.208/-  per  Equity  Share,  aggregating  to
Rs.30,23,90,400/- and as on the report date the equity share capital is INR 5,48,50,560
(Indian Rupees Five Crore Forty-Eight Lakh Fifty Thousand Five Hundred Sixty Only)
divided into 54,85,056 equity shares having a face value of INR 10 each.

8. DEBENTURES

During FY 2025-26, the Company has not issued and allotted Debentures.

9. DEPOSITS

During FY 2025-26, the Company has neither accepted any deposits from the public under
Chapter V of the Act nor had any amount outstanding towards principal or interest on
deposits from the public as on March 31, 2026.

10. NATURE OF BUSINESS

The Company is engaged in the business of producing essential diagnostic kits like Viral
Transport Media (VTM), Covid, HIV, HBs AG, Malaria, Dengue, medical devices such as
[page 41]
Serology products, Biochemistry Analyser and Biochemistry Reagents, showcasing a
dedication to addressing various healthcare needs.and others aimed at aiding medical
institutions with affordable and good quality solutions.

There was no change in the nature of the business of the Company during the year ended
March 31, 2026.

11. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 129(3) of the Companies Act, 2013, read with Rule 5
of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014, the Company has prepared Consolidated
Financial Statements, which form part of this Annual Report.

In accordance with the first proviso to the said section, a separate statement containing the
salient features of the financial performance, current operational status, and financial
position of each of the Company’s subsidiaries, associate companies, and joint venture
entities is explicitly provided. This mandatory statement is presented in the prescribed
format of Form AOC-1 and is appended herewith as Annexure 1 to this Report.

The statement highlights the individual financial contributions and strategic importance of
entity to the overall growth matrix of your Company. Shareholders are requested to refer
to Annexure 1 for a comprehensive review of the financial health and operational
highlights of these entity.

In accordance with Section 136 of the Act read with the SEBI Listing Regulations, the
audited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company, together with
the financial statements of its subsidiaries, are available on the website of the Company at
www.avienbio.com.

12. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Your Company  is listed on NSE Emerge, the SME Segment of the National Stock
Exchange of India Limited.

By  virtue of Regulation 15(2)(b) of the SEBI  (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements)  Regulations,  2015,  the  mandatory  corporate  governance  provisions
specified under Regulations 17 to 27, clauses (b) to (i) and (t) of Regulation 46(2), and
Paras C, D, and E of Schedule V are not applicable to the Company.

Consequently, the Company is exempt from including a Corporate Governance Report or
obtaining a compliance certificate thereon. However, the Board remains committed to
maintaining high standards of transparency and ethical governance.
[page 42]
13. SUBSIDIARIES,   ASSOCIATE  COMPANIES AND JOINT VENTURES

Since the company had invested in DR Meditech Surgical & Diagnostics (India) Private
Limited in August 2023 and acquired 99.99% equity shares, now the said company
became its subsidiary within the meaning of the Companies Act, 2013 and AOC 1 forms
part of the report and attached as Annexure-1.

14. MATERIAL SUBSIDIARY
The Board has adopted a Policy for determining Material Subsidiaries in accordance with
the provisions of Regulation 16(1) (c) of the SEBI Listing Regulations. The Policy is
available on the website of the Company at www.avienbio.com.

15. ANNUAL RETURN
Pursuant to Section 92(3) read with Section 134(3)(a) of the Companies Act, 2013, a copy
of the Annual Return for the financial year ended March 31, 2026 is placed on the website
of the Company at www.avienbio.com.

16. BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The composition of the Board  is in compliance with the Act and the SEBI Listing
Regulations, and there was no change in the Directors of the Company during FY 2025-
26. The Directors possess diverse skills, experience and expertise across various fields.
As on March 31, 2026, the Board comprised 6 (Six) Directors, comprising 3 (Three)
Executive Directors and 3 (Three) Non-Executive  Director, of whom 2 (Two) are
Independent Directors, the details of the composition of the Board are set out below:

Name      Designati    Date of          No. of Directorships / Committee
             on      appointme          membership/Chairmanships
                            nt
                                       Public      Private     Committee   Committ
                                    Limited    Limited    Membershi   ee
                               Compani   and            ps      Chairma
                                       es          Section 8              n
                                         (includin   Compani                  Ships
                                 g this           es
                              Company
                                                       )
Mr.        Chairman   23.12.2019      1         1          1           Nil
Dharam     cum
Deo       Managing
Choudha     Director
ry
[page 43]
Mr. Ram    Whole     23.12.2019      1         1           Nil          Nil
Nagina      Time
Choudha     Director
ry
Mr.         Non-     23.12.2019      1         1          1          1
Janardan    Executive
Pal          Director
Ms.        Executive   23.08.2024      1         1           Nil          Nil
Deepa       Director
Choudha
ry
Mr.        Independe   23.08.2024      1         1          2           Nil
Pankaj      nt Director
Sharma
Mr. Om    Independe   29.11.2024      1          Nil         1          2
Prakash     nt Director
Pal


All Independent Directors of the Company have given declarations under Section 149(7)
of the Act, that they meet the criteria of independence as laid down under Section 149(6)
of the Act. They have confirmed that they are not aware of any circumstance or situation,
which exists or may be reasonably anticipated, that could impair or impact their ability to
discharge their duties with an objective independent judgement and without any external
influence.

None of the Director of the Company are disqualified from being appointed as Directors
as specified under Section 164(1) and 164(2) of the Act read with Rule 14(1) of the
Companies (Appointment and Qualifications of Directors) Rules, 2014 (including any
statutory modification(s) and/or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force),
Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) or any other such statutory authority and they
have given their consent in writing to act as Director(s).

The Board of Directors of your Company met 13 (Thirteen) times during the financial year
2025-26 i.e. on 11th April, 2025, 23rd May, 2025, 25th June, 2025, 07th July, 2025, 18th
July, 2025, 19th August, 2025, 04th September, 2025, 24th October, 2025, 18th November,
2025, 15th January, 2026, 20th February, 2026, 09th March, 2026 and 17th March, 2026.
The gap between two Board meetings was in compliance with the provisions of the Act
and the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015. Details of Directors as on March 31, 2026 and
their attendance at the Board meetings and Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) during the
financial year ended March 31, 2026 are given below:
[page 44]
Name        of  Catogary       Number     of  Number     of  Attendance   at
Director                         meeting held     meeting attend    the AGM held
                                                            on          29th
                                                                  September,
                                                            2025

Mr.   Dharam  Chairman cum  13             13             Yes
Deo Choudhary  Managing
                  Director

Mr.     Ram  Whole   Time  13             13             Yes
Nagina           Director
Choudhary

Ms.     Deepa  Executive       13             13             Yes
Choudhary       Director

Mr.   Janardan  Non-Executive   13             13             Yes
Pal               Director

Mr.     Pankaj  Independent     13             13             Yes
Sharma           Director

Mr.     Om  Independent     13             13             Yes
Prakash Pal       Director



17. DISCLOSURES RELATED TO COMMITTEES AND POLICIES

     1.  AUDIT COMMITTEE
        Audit Committee consisting of following directors:


       Name of the Member        Designation   Nature              of

                                        in            Directorship

                                Committee

       Mr. Om Prakash Pal           Chairperson   Independent Director

       Mr. Pankaj Sharma          Member       Independent Director

       Mr. Dharam Deo Choudhary   Member      Managing Director
[page 45]
       The primary objective of the Committee is to monitor and provide effective
         supervision of the Management’s financial reporting process, to ensure accurate
       and timely disclosures, with the highest levels of transparency, integrity and
         quality of financial reporting.

        During the financial year ended March 31, 2026, the Audit Committee met five
         (5) times i.e. on 25th June, 2025, 07th July, 2025, 18th July, 2025, 18th November,
       2025 and 09th March, 2026. The individual attendance details of the members are
         tabulated below:



  Name of the Member    Designation  Meeting Held       Meeting Attended

                             in

                       Committee

Mr. Om Prakash Pal         Chairperson  5                  5

Mr. Pankaj Sharma        Member     5                  5

Mr. Dharam Deo Choudhary Member     5                  5



     2.  NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
        Nomination and Remuneration Committee” consisting of following directors:


       Name of the Director   Designation    in  Nature             of

                            Committee        Directorship

        Mr. Om Prakash Pal     Chairperson        Independent Director

        Mr. Pankaj Sharma     Member           Independent Director

        Mr. Janardan Pal      Member          Non-Executive

                                                      Director

       The  primary  objective  of  the  Committee  is  formulating  the  criteria  for
        determining qualifications, positive attributes, and independence of a director and
       recommending to the Board a policy, relating to the remuneration of the directors,
       key managerial personnel, and other employees. Every appointment of a Director,
         evaluate the balance of skills, knowledge, and experience on the Board, preparing
        a description of the role and capabilities required.
[page 46]
       During  the  financial  year  ended March  31,  2026,  the  Nomination  and
       Remuneration Committee met one (1) time i.e. on 04th September, 2025. The
         individual attendance details of the members are tabulated below:



  Name of the Member    Designation  Meeting Held       Meeting Attended

                             in

                       Committee

Mr. Om Prakash Pal         Chairperson  1                  1

Mr. Pankaj Sharma        Member     1                  1

Mr. Janardan Pal          Member     1                  1



     3.  STAKEHOLDERS’ RELATIONSHIP COMMITTEE
        Stakeholders Relationship Committee consisting of following directors:
       Name of the Director        Designation        in Nature          of

                                Committee            Directorship

          Mr. Janardan Pal             Chairperson           Non-Executive

                                                                 Director

          Mr. Om Prakash Pal       Member               Independent

                                                                Director

          Mr. Dharam Deo Choudhary Member             Managing Director


The primary objective of the Committee is resolving the grievances of the security holders
of the listed entity including complaints related to the transfer/transmission of shares, non-
receipt of annual  reports, non-receipt of declared dividends, issue of new/duplicate
certificates, general meetings, etc.

During  the  financial  year ended March  31,  2026,  the  Stakeholders  Relationship
Committee met one (1) times i.e. on 18th July, 2025. The individual attendance details of
the members are tabulated below:
[page 47]
  Name of the Member    Designation  Meeting Held       Meeting Attended

                             in

                       Committee

Mr. Janardan Pal            Chairperson  1                  1

Mr. Om Prakash Pal       Member     1                  1

Mr. Dharam Deo Choudhary Member     1                  1



18. RETIREMENT BY ROTATION & RE-APPOINTMENT

In terms of the provisions of Section 152 of the Act read with rules made thereunder and
Articles of Association of the Company, Mr. Dharam Deo Choudhary (DIN: 02804625),
Managing Director and Mr. Ram Nagina Choudhary (DIN: 02804667) of the Company,
are liable to retire by rotation at the ensuing AGM and being eligible, offers himself for re-
appointment. Based on  the recommendation  of  the NRC,  the Board recommends
reappointment at the ensuing AGM.
The disclosures relating to the Directors seeking appointment and re-appointment, as
required under the Act, SEBI Listing Regulations and Secretarial Standard on General
Meetings (SS-2) issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India, are set out in the
Notice convening the ensuing AGM.

19. PERFORMANCE EVALUATION
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 134(3)(p) read with Schedule IV to the Companies
Act, 2013, and Regulation 17(10) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the Board has carried out a formal annual evaluation of
its own performance,  the  individual performance  of  its  Directors,  as well  as  the
functioning of its operational Committees.
The evaluation framework was designed and administered based on the criteria specified
by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee (NRC), on following parameters:
• Evaluation of the Board as a Whole: Assessed on broad aspects including Board
structure, composition, frequency and diligence of meetings, execution of key fiduciary
responsibilities, systemic risk management, and the overall robustness and transparency of
information flow from management.
• Evaluation of Board Committees: Assessed on the adequacy of their composition, clarity
of mandates, compliance with respective Terms of Reference, and the effectiveness of
their interactions and decision-making processes.
• Evaluation of Individual Directors: Evaluated on individual attributes such as meeting
attendance, preparedness, proactive contribution to core strategy, exercise of independent
[page 48]
judgment, and active guidance provided to the management team outside of formal
boardroom discussions.
In alignment with  statutory requirements,  the performance of  the Non-Independent
Directors, the Board as a whole, and the Chairperson was evaluated by the Independent
Directors in their separate meeting held on March 09, 2026, taking into consideration
feedback from both Executive and Non-Executive  Directors. The outcomes  of  the
evaluation process were discussed at the subsequent meeting of the Board of Directors.
The performance evaluation of individual Independent Directors was concluded by the
entire Board, excluding the specific Director being evaluated.

20. KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL

There was no change in the Key Managerial Personnel ("KMP") of the Company during
FY 2025-26. As on March 31, 2026, the Company had 4 (Four) KMP in accordance with
the provisions of the Act, the details of whom are set out below:
S. No.     Name                         Designation
1          Mr. Dharam Deo Choudhary     Managing Director
2          Mr. Ram Nagina Choudhary     Whole-Time Director
3          Mr. Saurabh Verma              Chief Financial Officer (CFO)
4          Mr. Manoj Kumar              Compliance Officer/Company
                                               Secretary


21. POLICY ON DIRECTOR’S APPOINTMENT AND REMUNERATION FOR
THE  DIRECTORS,  KEY  MANAGERIAL  PERSONNEL  AND  OTHER
EMPLOYEES
The Nomination and Remuneration Policy (“NRC Policy”) has been formulated pursuant
to the provisions of Section 178 of the Act and Regulation 19 of the SEBI Listing
Regulations. The  Policy provides a framework  for appointment and  evaluation  of
remuneration of Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management Personnel,
including criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes and independence of
Directors and other matters as specified under Section 178 of the Act.
The NRC Policy is available on the website of the Company at www.avienbio.com.

21. DECLARATION BY INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS
The Company has, inter alia, received the following declarations from all the Independent
Directors confirming that:
A. they meet the criteria of independence as provided under Section 149(6) of the Act read
with Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI Listing Regulations and are not disqualified from
continuing as Independent Director;
B. they have complied with the Code for Independent Directors prescribed under Schedule
IV to the Act; and
[page 49]
C. they have registered themselves with the Independent Director’s Databank maintained
by the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs.
Based on the disclosures received, the Board is of the opinion that all the Independent
Directors fulfill the conditions specified in the Act and SEBI Listing Regulations and are
independent of the management

22. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND POLICY
All contracts/ arrangements/ transactions entered by the Company during the FY 2025-26
with related parties were on an arm’s length basis. The material transactions which took
place during the year are disclosed in AOC 2 and given in the Annexure-2, forming part
of the this report.

The Related Party Transactions Policy is hosted on the Company website and can be
accessed at www.avienbio.com.

23. PARTICULARS OF LOANS, GUARANTEES OR INVESTMENTS BY
COMPANY
Particulars of Loans, Guarantees and Investments made during the year as required under
the provisions of Section 186 of the Act are given in the notes to the Financial Statements
forming part of Annual Report. Also, pursuant to Paragraph A (2) of Schedule V of the
Securities  and  Exchange  Board  of  India  (Listing  Obligations  and  Disclosure
Requirements)  Regulations,  2015,  (‘SEBI   Listing  Regulations’)   particulars  of
Loans/Advances given to subsidiaries have been disclosed in the notes to the Financial
Statements forming part of Annual Report.

24. CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR):
In terms of the provisions of Section 134(3)(o) and Section 135 of the Companies Act,
2013, read with the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014,
there is no requirement to constituted a statutory Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)
Committee.
The Board of Directors has approved and adopted a comprehensive CSR Policy, which is
available on the website of the Company and can be accessed at www.avienbio.com.

The Annual Report on CSR  activities,  detailing the projects undertaken and actual
expenditure incurred during the financial year under review, is annexed as Annexure 3
and forms an integral part of this Board's Report. The said Annexure is also hosted on the
website of the Company and can be accessed at www.avienbio.com.

25. REPORTING OF FRAUD
There was no instance of fraud during the year under review, which required the Statutory
Auditors to report under Section 143(12) of the Act and the Rules made thereunder.
[page 50]
26.    AUDITORS AND AUDITOR’S REPORT
a. Statutory Auditors: M/s. HARIBHAKTI & CO. LLP, Chartered Accountants (ICAI
Registration No. 103523W/W100048) were appointed as the Statutory Auditors at 2nd
Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held in the year 2021, from the
conclusion of 2nd AGM till the conclusion of 7th AGM of the Company to be held in the
year 2026 and  your  director recommend  the  appointment  of M/s M.A.M AND
ASSOCIATES, Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration No. 015680N) in place of
retiring auditor.
The Auditors’ Report read together with the Annexures thereto on the standalone and
consolidated financial statements of the Company for the financial year ended March 31,
2026, forms part of this Annual Report and does not contain any qualification, reservation,
adverse remark or disclaimer.

b. Secretarial Auditor: The Board have approved the appointment of M/s G. R. Gupta &
Associates, Company  Secretaries  (Peer Review  Certificate No.  6200/2024),  as  the
Secretarial  Auditors  of  the Company  for  a  period  of 5  (five)  consecutive  years
commencing from the conclusion of 7th AGM until the conclusion of 12th AGM of the
Company, to conduct the secretarial audit for the period April 1, 2026 to March 31, 2031,
subject to the approval of the shareholders of the Company at the ensuing AGM.

c. Internal Auditor: The Board have approved the appointment of M/s V C A N & CO
LLP, Chartered Accountants, (Firm Registration No. 125172W/W101232), as the Internal
Auditors of the Company for a period of 5 (five) consecutive years commencing from the
conclusion of 7th AGM until the conclusion of 12th AGM of the Company, to conduct the
internal audit for the period April 1, 2026 to March 31, 2031, subject to the approval of the
shareholders of the Company at the ensuing AGM.


27.DETAILS OF APPLICATION MADE OR ANY PROCEEDING PENDING
UNDER THE INSOLVENCY AND BANKRUPTCY CODE, 2016
During FY 2025-26, the Company has not made any application under the Insolvency and
Bankruptcy Code, 2016 (“IBC Code”).  Further,  there  is no  Corporate  Insolvency
Resolution Process initiated against the Company under the IBC Code.

28.VIGIL MECHANISM/ WHISTLE BLOWER POLICY
The Company has established a Vigil Mechanism and adopted a Whistle-Blower Policy
pursuant to the provisions of Section 177 of the Act read with the rules made thereunder
and Regulation 22 of the SEBI Listing Regulations. The Vigil Mechanism provides
adequate safeguards against victimisation of directors and employees who avail of the
mechanism and enables direct access to the Chairperson of the Audit Committee in
appropriate or exceptional cases.
The  Whistle-Blower  Policy   is  available  on  the  website  of  the  Company  at
[page 51]
www.avienbio.com

29.  PREVENTION OF  SEXUAL HARASSMENT AT WORKPLACE &
INTERNAL COMPLAINTS COMMITTEE
The Company is committed to providing a safe, secure and inclusive work environment
and has zero tolerance for sexual harassment at the workplace. In accordance with the
provisions of the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and
Redressal) Act, 2013 ("POSH Act"), the Company has adopted a Policy on Prevention of
Sexual Harassment at Workplace and has constituted Internal Committee(s) to address and
redress complaints of sexual harassment. The Company also conducts regular awareness
and sensitisation programmes to promote a respectful and harassment-free workplace.
The details of complaints received and disposed of under the POSH Act during FY 2025-
26 are set out below:
   S. No.    Particulars                       Number of Complaint(s)
          Number  of  complaints  pending  at  the
   1.                                                                Nil
            beginning of the year
          Number of complaints received during the
   2.                                                                Nil
             year
          Number of complaints disposed off during
   3.                                                                Nil
             the year
          Number of complaints pending at the end
   4.                                                                Nil
             of the year
          Number of cases pending for more than
   5.                                                 None
             ninety days

30. INDUSTRIAL RELATIONS
The industrial relations of the Company remained peaceful, cordial, and harmonious
throughout the financial year ended March 31, 2026. The Directors place on record their
deep  appreciation  for  the  dedication,  commitment,  and  cooperation  extended by
employees at all levels.

31. BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY AND SUSTAINABILITY REPORT:
Pursuant  to  Regulation  34(2)(f)  of  the SEBI  (Listing  Obligations and  Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, certain listed entities are required to include a Business
Responsibility and  Sustainability  Report (BRSR)  as  part  of  their Annual  Report,
describing the initiatives taken by them from an Environmental, Social, and Governance
(ESG) perspective.
Since the Company’s average market capitalization does not fall within the threshold, the
provisions of the regulation regarding Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
(BRSR) are not applicable to the Company during the financial year 2025-26.
[page 52]
32. INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS
The Company has in place adequate internal financial controls with reference to the
Financial Statements commensurate with the size, scale and complexity of its operations.
The internal financial control framework is designed to ensure the orderly and efficient
conduct  of  business,  safeguard  the  Company's  assets,  ensure  the  accuracy  and
completeness of accounting records, and  facilitate the timely preparation of reliable
financial information in compliance with the applicable accounting standards.
Further  details on  the Company's  internal  financial  controls and  risk management
framework are provided in the Management Discussion and Analysis Report forming part
of this Annual Report.

33. RISK MANAGEMENT AND RISK MANAGEMENT POLICY
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 134(3)(n) of the Companies Act, 2013, the Company
has developed and implemented a robust Business Risk Management framework. This
framework  is designed to proactively identify, assess, monitor, and mitigate various
elements of business risks that may threaten the operations or the going concern status of
the Company. The risk management framework defines the risk management approach of
the Company and outlines institutional mechanisms for;
• Periodically reviewing external and internal business risk factors.
• Formulating risk mitigation strategies and establishing defensive internal controls.
• Maintaining  clear documentation and  structured  reporting  protocols  for key  risk
parameters.
The framework utilizes diverse risk evaluation methodologies to analyse exposure trends
and potential operational impacts. This assessment is conducted at both the enterprise
level and across individual business segments to safeguard stakeholder value.

34. COST AUDIT AND COST RECORDS
Provision of Section 148 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Cost
Records and Audit) Rules, 2014 are not applicable to the Company during the financial
year under review.

35. SECRETARIAL AUDIT
Provision of Section 204 (1) of the Companies Act, 2013 are not applicable to the
Company during the financial year under review.

36. TRANSFER OF UNCLAIMED DIVIDEND AND EQUITY SHARES TO
INVESTOR EDUCATION AND PROTECTION FUND (IEPF)
Pursuant to Section 124 of the Act read with the Investor Education and Protection Fund
Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund Rules), 2016 (‘the IEPF Rules’),
during the year under review, no amount of Unclaimed dividend and corresponding equity
shares were due to be transferred to IEPF account.
[page 53]
37. AUDIT TRAIL (EDIT LOG):
Pursuant to the Section 134(5) and relevant rules under the Companies Act, 2013, the
Directors confirm that:
21
• The Company has used accounting software for maintaining its books of account for the
financial year ended March 31, 2026, which features an inbuilt audit  trail (edit log)
facility.
• The audit  trail  facility operated continuously throughout the financial year for  all
relevant transactions recorded in the software.
• There has been no tampering with the audit trail feature during the period under review.
• The audit  trail logs have been preserved by the Company in accordance with the
statutory requirements for the retention of records.

38. MANAGERIAL REMUNERATION & PARTICULARS OF EMPLOYEES
There was no employee in the Company whose particulars are required to be given under
Rule 5 (2) of Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel)
Rules, 2014, as amended from time to time.


39. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS REPORT
The Management Discussion and Analysis Report for FY 2025-26, as stipulated under
Regulation 34 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, is presented as a separate section forming
an integral part of this report as Annexure-4.

40. SIGNIFICANT AND MATERIAL ORDERS PASSED BY THE REGULATORS
OR COURTS OR TRIBUNALS IMPACTING THE GOING CONCERN STATUS
OF THE COMPANY
During FY 2025-26, no significant and material orders were passed by the regulators,
courts or tribunals impacting the going concern status and the Company's operations in
future.

41. CONSERVATION OF ENERGY, TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION AND
FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND OUTGO
As required by the Companies (Matters to be included in the Report of Board of Directors)
Rules 2014 the relevant information and data is given in Annexure-5 annexed hereto and
form part of this Report

42. COMPLIANCE WITH SECRETARIAL STANDARDS
The Company has complied with the applicable provisions of Secretarial Standard-1 and
Secretarial Standard-2 issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India and notified
by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, pursuant to the provisions of Section 118(10) of the
Act.
[page 54]
43. COMPLIANCE WITH THE MATERNITY BENEFIT ACT, 1961
During FY 2025-26, the Company has complied with the provisions of the Maternity
Benefit Act, 1961, as amended from time to time, and extends maternity benefits to
eligible women employees in accordance with the requirements of the said Act.

44. DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 134(5) of the Act, the Board of the Company
confirm that:
a)       the applicable Accounting Standards have been followed in the preparation of the
Annual Accounts for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2026, along with proper
explanations relating to material departures, if any;
b)      such accounting  policies have been  selected and  applied  consistently and
judgments and estimates have been made that are reasonable and prudent so as to give a
true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company as at March 31, 2026, and of the
loss of the Company for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2026;
c)      proper and sufficient care has been taken for the maintenance of adequate
accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding the
assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting fraud and other irregularities;
d)       the Annual Accounts have been prepared on a going concern basis;
e)      proper internal financial controls have been laid down and such internal financial
controls are adequate and operating effectively; and
f)       proper systems have been devised to ensure compliance with the provisions of all
applicable laws and such systems are adequate and operating effectively.

45. CAUTIONARY STATEMENT
Statements in this Report and the Management Discussion & Analysis Report describing
the Company’s objectives, expectations or forecasts may be forward-looking within the
meaning of  applicable laws and  regulations. Actual  results may  differ from those
expressed in the statements.

46. THE  DETAILS OF  DIFFERENCE BETWEEN AMOUNT OF THE
VALUATION DONE AT THE TIME OF ONE-TIME SETTLEMENT AND THE
VALUATION DONE WHILE TAKING LOAN FROM THE BANKS OR
FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS ALONG WITH THE REASONS THEREOF.
As the Company has not done any one-time settlement of loan during the year under
review. Therefore, the clause is not application to the Company.

47. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
The Board places on record  its sincere appreciation for the continued support and
cooperation  extended  by  various  Central  and  State  Government  Departments,
organisations and agencies. The Board gratefully acknowledges the valuable support of all
[page 55]
stakeholders,  including  shareholders,  learners,  dealers,  vendors,  bankers and  other
business partners. The Board also places on record its appreciation for the dedication,
commitment and valuable contribution of all employees towards the Company’s continued
growth and progress during the year under review.

 For AVIENCE BIOMEDICALS LIMITED
(Formerly known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited)


Sd/-                                         Sd/-
DHARAM DEO CHOUDHARY      RAM NAGINA CHOUDHARY
Managing Director                     Whole Time Director
DIN: 02804625                        DIN: 02804667
Flat-48, Suryodaya Apartment,                Flat No B-411, The Patel CGHS Ltd Plot
Pocket-8, Sec-17, Dwarka              No -4, Sector 4, Dwarka South West Delhi,
Delhi- 110078, India                New Delhi-110075, India


Place: New Delhi

Date: 07.09.2026
[page 56]
                                         Annexure-1 to the Director’s Report


                          Form AOC-1
 (Pursuant to first proviso to sub-section (3) of section 129 read with rule 5 of Companies
                              (Accounts) Rules, 2014)
         Statement containing salient features of the financial statement of
                    subsidiaries/associate companies/joint ventures

              Part “B”: Subsidiaries, Associates and Joint Ventures

Statement pursuant to Section 129  (3) of the Companies Act, 2013 related to
Associate Companies and Joint Ventures
                                               Amount in INR Thousand
Name of subsidiary/associates/Joint Ventures     DR MEDITECH SURGICAL
                              AND DIAGNOSTICS (INDIA)
                                  PRIVATE LIMITED
     1.   Latest audited Balance Sheet Date         31.03.2026
     2.  Shares of Associate/Joint
        Ventures/Subsidiary held by the company
       on the year end
      Number                                  3,34,999 (Actual)
      Amount of Investment in Associates/Joint   5,72,98.23
        Venture/Subsidiary
       Extend of Holding%                   99.99%
     3.  Description of how there is significant      Subsidiary
         influence
     4.  Reason why the associate/joint venture is   Not Applicable
        not consolidated
     5.  Net worth attributable to shareholding as    1,00,433.24
        per latest audited Balance Sheet
     6.   Profit/Loss for the year                   20,399.66
       i.       Considered in Consolidation           20,397.62
       ii.      Not Considered in Consolidation       2.04
[page 57]
Note: This Form is to be certified in the same manner in which the Balance Sheet is to be
certified.

By order of the Board
For AVIENCE BIOMEDICALS LIMITED
(formerly known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited)

Sd/-                                         Sd/-
DHARAM DEO CHOUDHARY      RAM NAGINA CHOUDHARY
Managing Director                      Whole-Time Director
DIN: 02804625                        DIN: 02804667
Flat-48, Suryodaya Apartment,                Flat No B-411, The Patel CGHS Ltd Plot
Pocket-8, Sec-17, Dwarka              No -4 , Sector 4, Dwarka South West Delhi,
Delhi- 110078, India                New Delhi-110075,India


Place: New Delhi
Date: 07.09.2026
[page 58]
                                         Annexure-2 to the Director’s Report

                  FORM NO. AOC - 2
 [Pursuant to clause (h) of sub-section (3) of section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013 and
                 Rule 8(2) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014]

Form  for disclosure of  particulars of  contracts  / arrangements entered  into by the
Company with the related parties referred to in sub-section (1) of section 188 of the
Companies Act, 2013 including certain arms-length transactions under third proviso
thereto.

1.   Details of contracts or arrangements or transactions not at arm’s length basis:

 There were no contracts or arrangements or transactions entered in to during the year
    ended March 31, 2026, which were not at arm's length basis.


2.   Details of material contracts or arrangements or transactions at arm’s length basis:

 Following transactions were entered in to during the year ended 31st March 2026, which
    were at Arm’s length.


                                          Salient features of
      Name of related party and      contract/arrangements/   Amount in INR
S.No.
       nature of relationship            transactions, including    Lakhs
                                       value if any

                                              Sale of products
        DR Meditech Surgical And
               Diagnostics (India)           Board Approval:
    1          Private Limited,                 21/08/2024              488.64
             Subsidiary Company          Member Approval:
                                             23/08/2024

                                            Purchase of stock in
        DR Meditech Surgical And           trade
               Diagnostics (India)           Board Approval:
    2          Private Limited,                 21/08/2024              17.01
             Subsidiary Company          Member Approval:
                                             23/08/2024
[page 59]
                                            Purchase of raw
        DR Meditech Surgical And           material
               Diagnostics (India)           Board Approval:
    3          Private Limited,                 21/08/2024              7.77
             Subsidiary Company          Member Approval:
                                             23/08/2024

                                          Remuneration
                Mr. Aditya Pal           Board Approval:
    4       Relative of Key Managerial         21/08/2024              5.22
                      Personnel           Member Approval:
                                             23/08/2024

By order of the Board
For AVIENCE BIOMEDICALS LIMITED
(formerly known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited)



Sd/-                                         Sd/-
DHARAM DEO CHOUDHARY      RAM NAGINA CHOUDHARY
Managing Director                      Whole-Time Director
DIN: 02804625                        DIN: 02804667
Flat-48, Suryodaya Apartment,                Flat No B-411, The Patel CGHS Ltd Plot
Pocket-8, Sec-17, Dwarka              No -4 , Sector 4, Dwarka South West Delhi,
Delhi- 110078, India                New Delhi-110075,India


Place: New Delhi
Date: 07.09.2026
[page 60]
                                         Annexure-3 to the Director’s Report

          ANNUAL REPORT ON CSR ACTIVITIES 2024-25

1.   A brief outline of the Company's CSR policy, including overview of projects or
      programs proposed to be undertaken and a reference to the web-link to the CSR
       policy and projects or programs.


     The   Corporate   Social   Responsibility   ('CSR’)   Policy   of  AVIENCE
    BIOMEDICALS LIMITED (hereby referred to as ‘The Company’) has been
      developed in accordance with Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the
      Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility) Rules, 2014 notified by the Ministry
       of Corporate Affairs, Government of India.


     The Company’s CSR policy is aimed at demonstrating care for the community
      through its focus on Giving access to education by providing scholarships, financial
        aid, and other support services, promoting gender equality, empowering women,
       setting up homes and hostels for women and orphans environmental sustainability,
       ecological balance, protection of flora and fauna, animal welfare etc.

     The projects undertaken will be within the broad framework of Schedule VII of the
     Companies Act, 2013. The Company has made a contribution to the “Manjulika
    Human Welfare Society” of Rs. 7.70 Lakhs during the financial year 2025-26.

 2.   The Composition of the CSR Committee
       In terms of the provisions of Section 134(3)(o) and Section 135 of the Companies
      Act, 2013, read with the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy)
       Rules, 2014, there is no requirement to constituted a statutory Corporate Social
       Responsibility (CSR) Committee.

 3.   Average annual net profit of the Company for last three financial years
     The average net profit of the Company in the Financial Year calculated as per
       section 198 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Corporate Social
       Responsibility) Rules  thereof (‘average  net  profit’) accrued during  the  three
      immediately preceding Financial years amounts to Rs. 384.46 Lakhs

 4.   Prescribed CSR Expenditure (two percent of the amount as in item 3 above):
      Rs. 7.69 Lakhs.
[page 61]
 5.    Details of CSR spent during the financial year.
       (a) Total amount spent for the financial year: Rs. 7.70 Lakhs
       (b) Amount unspent, if any: NIL
       (c) Manner in which the amount spent during the financial year is detailed below.
(1)   (2)           (3)        (4)         (5)        (6)            (7)          (8)
S.  CSR        Sector    Projects   Amoun  Amount     Cumulati   Amount
No   project or    in        or              t outlay   spent on     ve           spent:
.     activity    Which   program   (budget   the projects   Expendit    Direct or
      identified.   the       s             )         or            ure upto    through
                   Project   1) Local    project   programs     the         implementi
                       is        area or     or        Sub-heads:   reporting   ng agency
                 covere    other      progra    (1) Direct     period.
                    d.         (2)      ms       expenditure
                           Specify    wise     on projects
                             the State             or
                        and                programs
                                  district              (2)Overhea
                        where                 ds:
                              projects
                            or
                        program
                              s was
                           undertak
                         en
1    Contributi  Schedu  N.A.      N.A.     N.A.         Rs. 7.70    N.A.
     on made     le VII                                  Lakhs
      to
     Manjulika
    Human
     Welfare
     Society
   TOTAL                                                Rs. 7.70
                                                      Lakhs

 6.   In case the company has failed to spend the two per cent of the average net
       profit of the last three financial years or any part thereof, the company shall
      provide the reasons for not spending the amount in its Board report.
     Not applicable.

 7.  A responsibility statement of the CSR Committee that the implementation and
      monitoring of CSR Policy, is in compliance with CSR objectives and Policy of
      the company.
[page 62]
     The implementation and monitoring of the CSR Policy is in compliance with the
    CSR objectives and policy as laid down in this report. The Board of the Company is
      responsible for the integrity and the objectivity of all the information provided in
       the disclosure above.

By order of the Board
For AVIENCE BIOMEDICALS LIMITED
(formerly known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited)



Sd/-                                         Sd/-
DHARAM DEO CHOUDHARY      RAM NAGINA CHOUDHARY
Managing Director                      Whole-Time Director
DIN: 02804625                        DIN: 02804667
Flat-48, Suryodaya Apartment,                Flat No B-411, The Patel CGHS Ltd Plot
Pocket-8, Sec-17, Dwarka              No -4 , Sector 4, Dwarka South West Delhi,
Delhi- 110078, India                New Delhi-110075,India


Place: New Delhi
Date: 07.09.2026
[page 63]
                                      Annexure-4 to the Director’s Report

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

1. Industry Overview

The healthcare and in-vitro diagnostics industry continues to play a critical role in
supporting timely disease detection, diagnosis and effective patient management.
Increasing awareness regarding preventive healthcare, growing demand for early
diagnosis, expansion of healthcare infrastructure and technological advancements in
diagnostic solutions are contributing to the continued development of the diagnostics
and medical devices sector.

The demand for reliable, accurate and cost-effective diagnostic products remains
significant across hospitals, diagnostic laboratories, healthcare institutions and other
medical facilities. The industry is also witnessing increasing adoption of automated
diagnostic systems, point-of-care testing and improved laboratory technologies.

2. Business Overview

The Company is engaged in the business of manufacturing and supplying a range of
diagnostic products and medical devices catering to diverse healthcare requirements.
The Company's product portfolio includes essential diagnostic kits such as Viral
Transport Media (VTM), COVID-19 diagnostic kits, HIV diagnostic kits, HBsAg kits,
Malaria and Dengue diagnostic kits, along with various serology products.

The Company  also  offers Biochemistry Analysers and Biochemistry Reagents,
thereby providing a broader range of diagnostic solutions for healthcare institutions
and laboratories.

Through  its diversified product portfolio, the Company seeks to address various
diagnostic and healthcare needs while maintaining a focus on product  quality,
reliability and accessibility.

3. Business Performance

During the year under review, the Company continued to focus on strengthening its
presence in the diagnostics and medical devices segment. The Company's diversified
product portfolio enables it to cater to different segments of the healthcare industry
and reduces dependence on any single category of diagnostic products.
[page 64]
The Company continues to focus on improving operational efficiency, strengthening
its product portfolio and expanding its market reach. Management remains committed
to developing and supplying diagnostic solutions that meet the evolving requirements
of healthcare providers and end users.

4. Opportunities and Growth Prospects

The increasing emphasis on preventive healthcare, early disease detection and regular
health  screening  presents  significant  opportunities  for  the  diagnostics  industry.
Growing healthcare expenditure, expansion of diagnostic laboratories and hospitals,
increasing  awareness  of  infectious  diseases and  technological advancement  in
diagnostic equipment are expected to support demand for diagnostic products.

The Company's presence across multiple product categories, including infectious
disease diagnostic  kits, serology  products, biochemistry analysers and  reagents,
provides opportunities to participate in different segments of the diagnostics market.

The Company intends to leverage these opportunities by strengthening its product
portfolio, enhancing its distribution and market presence and focusing on quality and
customer requirements.

5. Risks and Concerns

The Company's operations are subject to various risks associated with the healthcare
and medical diagnostics industry. These include regulatory requirements, competition,
changes in technology, product quality and performance requirements, availability and
cost of raw materials, supply-chain disruptions and changes in market demand.

The diagnostics industry is also subject to stringent quality and regulatory standards.
Any changes in applicable laws, regulations, certification requirements or approval
processes may affect the Company's operations and costs.

The Company seeks  to manage  these  risks through  appropriate  quality-control
processes, compliance with applicable regulatory requirements, supplier management,
product  diversification  and  continuous  monitoring  of  market  and  industry
developments.
[page 65]
6. Internal Control Systems

The Company maintains appropriate internal control systems commensurate with the
size and nature of its operations. The internal controls are designed to safeguard the
Company's assets, ensure accuracy and reliability of financial reporting, promote
operational efficiency and ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations.

The management periodically reviews the adequacy and effectiveness of internal
control systems and takes corrective measures wherever required.

7. Human Resources

Human  resources  continue  to  be  an  important component  of  the Company's
operations. The Company seeks to maintain a competent and committed workforce
and encourages employees to contribute towards operational efficiency, quality and
achievement of organisational objectives.

The Company continues to focus on employee development, workplace discipline and
a positive working environment.

8. Outlook

The outlook for the diagnostics and medical devices sector remains encouraging,
supported by increasing healthcare awareness, demand for early diagnosis, expansion
of healthcare facilities and continued technological development.

The Company remains focused on strengthening its position in the diagnostic products
and medical devices segment through product diversification, operational efficiency,
quality assurance and expansion of its market reach.

Management believes that the Company's diversified portfolio comprising diagnostic
kits, serology products, biochemistry analysers and biochemistry reagents provides a
foundation  for  sustainable growth,  subject  to  prevailing market, regulatory and
economic conditions.

9. Cautionary Statement

Statements in this Management Discussion and Analysis describing the Company's
objectives, expectations, estimates or predictions may  constitute forward-looking
statements within the meaning of applicable laws and regulations. Actual results could
[page 66]
     differ materially from those expressed or implied due to various factors, including
    changes   in  economic   conditions,  market  demand,  competition,  regulatory
    requirements, availability and cost of inputs, technological developments and other
    factors beyond the Company's control.

By order of the Board
For AVIENCE BIOMEDICALS LIMITED
(formerly known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited)



Sd/-                                         Sd/-
DHARAM DEO CHOUDHARY      RAM NAGINA CHOUDHARY
Managing Director                      Whole-Time Director
DIN: 02804625                        DIN: 02804667
Flat-48, Suryodaya Apartment,                Flat No B-411, The Patel CGHS Ltd Plot
Pocket-8, Sec-17, Dwarka              No -4 , Sector 4, Dwarka South West Delhi,
Delhi- 110078, India                New Delhi-110075,India


Place: New Delhi

Date: 07.09.2026
[page 67]
                                           Annexure-5 to the Director’s Report

                   (Forming Part of the Directors’ Report)

Statement containing particulars pursuant to Section 134(3) (m) of the Companies
Act, 2013 read with Rule 8(3) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014, for the year
ended March 31, 2026.


A.  CONSERVATION OF ENERGY
    Company  carries a  business  of manufacturing,  import, export and  trading  of
     diagnostic instruments, equipments, reagents and chemicals and other consumables
    and related activities. The Company has always been conscious of the need to
     conserve energy in its Manufacturing plants which leads to optimized consumption
     of non-renewable fossil fuels, energy, productivity, climate change mitigation, and
     reduction in operational costs.
 (i)  Steps taken or Impact on conservation of energy:
    Energy management is one of the key strategic areas in the Company’s pursuit of
     sustainability in its operations. Energy consumption is not only the main source of
    emissions but also has its implication on the cost of operations. The Company’s plant
    has been designed in such a manner so as to achieve a high efficiency in the
     utilization of energy. These include reduction in power consumption, optimal water
    consumption and eliminating excess use of paper etc.

   The Company has taken the following initiatives in this regard:
       (i) Increasing energy efficiency: This primarily involves reducing, the quantity of
        energy used in our operations by process optimization, using energy efficient
        technology, and  conserving/recovering energy through  activities. ED  lights
        provided in Plant & offices to save the electrical energy.
       (ii)     Energy efficient motors used in order to optimize use of power.

 (ii)  Steps taken by the Company for utilizing alternate sources of energy
       During the year under review no alternative source of energy was used.
       As per directions of National Green Tribunal (NGT) the Company is using only
      electrical energy.

 (iii) Capital Investment on energy conservation equipment
         Nil



B.  TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION
     Technology absorption have became a very crucial matter towards development of
[page 68]
     products and business in a company. They must adopt new technologies time to time
      for  better  results and  productivity, neglecting  this step may lead  to outdated
     technology which will harm the environment and lead to losses in future to the
     company. Our company is trying to absorb with the updated technology and have
     adopted the following measures for the same.


  (i)   Efforts made towards technology absorption
        (a)   Efforts have been made to use only electrical system which will increase the
            productivity and reduce the cost and Special focus has been given to develop
             safer formulations.
        (b)   Efforts were made for creating value addition to existing products.
        (c)   Efforts towards technology absorption included efforts were made for creating
            products of premium range.

  (ii)  Benefits derived
        (a)  Improvements  in  existing products and formulations helped  to  increase
                 product Sales.
       (b)  As a result of these efforts, the Company has been able to achieve higher
            production, with cost optimization and better quality standards achieved.



   C. FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND OUTGO ( Amount in INR Lakhs)
                                                 2025-26      2024-25
       Foreign Exchange earning                     53.11         524.30
       Foreign Exchange Outgo                      58.19         54.05

By order of the Board
For AVIENCE BIOMEDICALS LIMITED
(formerly known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited)


Sd/-                                         Sd/-
DHARAM DEO CHOUDHARY      RAM NAGINA CHOUDHARY
Managing Director                      Whole-Time Director
DIN: 02804625                        DIN: 02804667
Flat-48, Suryodaya Apartment,                Flat No B-411, The Patel CGHS Ltd Plot
Pocket-8, Sec-17, Dwarka              No -4 , Sector 4, Dwarka South West Delhi,
Delhi- 110078, India                New Delhi-110075,India

Place: New Delhi
Date: 07.09.2026
[page 69]
                        CEO Certification

    Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 17 of the Securities and Exchange Board of
    India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 with NSE,
     I Dharam Deo Choudhary, Managing Director of Avience Biomedicals Limited
    hereby certify to the Board that:

      a)  I have reviewed the financial statements and cash flow statement for the year
     and that to the best of my knowledge and belief
               i) These statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit
        any material fact or contain statements that might be misleading;
                ii) These statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s
           affair  and  are  in  compliance  with  existing  Accounting  Standards,
         applicable laws and regulations.

      b) To the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the
     Company during the year 2025-26 which are fraudulent, illegal or violative
       of the Company’s code of conduct.

      c)  I accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for
       financial reporting and I have evaluated the effectiveness of internal control
      system of the Company pertaining to financial reporting and have disclosed
       to the auditors and the Audit Committee, deficiencies in the design or
      operation of such internal controls, if any, of which they are aware and the
       steps they have taken or propose to take to rectify these deficiencies.

      d) They have indicated to the auditors and the Audit Committee
               i)  There has not been any  significant change  in  internal control over
          financial reporting during the year under reference;
                ii)  There has not been any significant change in accounting policies during the
         year requiring disclosure in the notes to the financial statements; and
                 iii)  I am not aware of any instance during the year of significant fraud with
         involvement  therein of  the management or any employee having a
           significant role in the Company’s internal control system over financial
          reporting

By order of the Board
For AVIENCE BIOMEDICALS LIMITED
(formerly known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited)


Sd/-
[page 70]
DHARAM DEO CHOUDHARY
Managing Director
DIN: 02804625
Flat-48, Suryodaya Apartment,
Pocket-8, Sec-17, Dwarka
Delhi- 110078, India


Place: New Delhi
Date: 07.09.2026
[page 71]
                   INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

To the Members of Avience Biomedicals Limited (Formerly known as Avience Biomedicals Private
Limited)

Report on the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements

Opinion

We have audited the accompanying standalone financial statements of Avience Biomedicals Limited
(Formerly Known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited) (“the Company”), which comprise the
Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2026, the Statement of Profit and Loss and the Statement of Cash
Flows for the year then ended, and notes to the financial statements including a summary of
significant accounting policies and other explanatory information (hereinafter referred to as financial
statements”).

In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the
aforesaid standalone financial statements give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013
(“the Act”) in the manner so required and give a true and fair view in conformity with the accounting
principles generally accepted in India, of the state of affairs of the Company as at March 31, 2026,
its profits and its cash flows for the year ended on that date.


Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Standards on Auditing (SAs) specified under section
143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities under those Standards are further described in the Auditor’s
Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements section of our report. We are
independent of the Company in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of
Chartered Accountants of India (“ICAI”) together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to
our audit of the standalone financial statements under the provisions of the Act and Rules thereunder,
and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and
the Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate
to provide a basis for our opinion on the standalone financial statements.

Other Information

The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the other information. The other information
comprises the information included in the Board’s Report including Management Discussion &
Analysis, but does not include the standalone financial statements, consolidated financial statements
and our auditor’s report thereon. The Board Report including Management Discussion & Analysis is
expected to be made available to us after the date of this auditor’s report.

Our opinion on the standalone financial statements does not cover the other information and we do
not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the standalone financial statements, our responsibility is to read the
other information when it becomes available to us and, in doing so, consider whether the other
information is materially inconsistent with the standalone financial statements or our knowledge
obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
[page 72]
Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Standalone Financial
Statements

The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the matters stated in section 134(5) of the Act
with respect to the preparation of these standalone financial statements that give a true and fair
view of the financial position, financial performance and cash flows of the Company in accordance
with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, including the Accounting Standards
prescribed under  section 133  of the  Act, read with relevant  rules  issued thereunder.  This
responsibility also includes maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the
provisions of the Act for safeguarding of the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting
frauds and other irregularities; selection and application of appropriate accounting policies; making
judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and design, implementation and
maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that were operating effectively for ensuring the
accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation
of the standalone financial statements that give a true and fair view and are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the standalone financial statements, management  is responsible for assessing the
Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going
concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the board of directors intends to
liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

Those Board of Directors is also responsible for overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process.

Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the standalone financial statements
as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an
auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is
not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect a material
misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material
if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users taken on the basis of this standalone financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain
professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

•    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the standalone financial statements,
    whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks,
    and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
    The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one
     resulting  from  error,  as  fraud may  involve  collusion,  forgery,  intentional  omissions,
     misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•   Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit
    procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances. Under Section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we
    are also responsible for expressing our opinion on whether the company has adequate internal
     financial controls with reference to financial statements in place and the operating effectiveness
     of such controls.

•   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
    estimates and related disclosures made by management.

•   Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting
    and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to
    events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as
    going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw
     attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the standalone financial statements
     or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the
[page 73]
     audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or
      conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a going concern.

 •   Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the standalone financial statements,
      including the disclosures, and whether the standalone financial statements represent the
     underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

 We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned
 scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in
 internal control that we identify during our audit.

 We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with
 relevant  ethical  requirements  regarding independence, and  to communicate  with them  all
 relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and
 where applicable, related safeguards.

 Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements

(1) As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020 (“the Order”) issued by the Central
   Government of India in terms of section 143(11) of the Act, we report in “Annexure 1”, a
    statement on the matters specified in paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Order, to the extent applicable.

(2) As required by section 143(3) of the Act, we report that:

    a. We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our
      knowledge and belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit;

    b. In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law have been kept by the Company so
        far as it appears from our examination of those books.

    c. The Balance Sheet, the Statement of Profit and Loss and the Statement of Cash Flows dealt
       with by this report are in agreement with the books of account;

    d. In our opinion, the aforesaid standalone financial statements comply with the Accounting
       Standards prescribed under section 133 of the Act read with relevant rules issued thereunder;

    e. On the basis of the written representations received from the directors as on March 31, 2026,
      and taken on record by the Board of Directors, none of the directors is disqualified as on March
       31, 2026 from being appointed as a director in terms of section 164(2) of the Act;

     f. With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls with reference to financial
      statements of the Company and the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our
       separate report in “Annexure 2”;

    g. With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with
      requirements of section 197(16) of the Act, as amended:

        In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to
       us, the remuneration paid/provided by the company to its directors during the year is in
      accordance with the provisions of section 197 of the Act;

    h. With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with
       Rule 11 of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as amended, in our opinion and to
       the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us:

      (i)     The Company does not have any pending litigations which would impact its financial
             position;
[page 74]
  (ii) The Company did not have any long-term contracts including derivative contracts. Hence,
     tthe question of any material foreseeable losses does not arise;

  (iii) There were no amounts which were required to be transferred to the Investor Education
     and Protection Fund by the Company;

  (iv) (a) The management has represented that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no
         funds have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share
        premium or any other sources or kind of funds) by the Company to or in any other
         person(s)  or  entity(ies),  including  foreign  entities  (“Intermediaries”),  with  the
         understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall,
        whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in
        any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Company (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or
         provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;

       (b) The management has represented that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no
         funds have been received by the Company from any person(s) or entity(ies), including
         foreign entities (“Funding Parties”), with the understanding, whether recorded in
         writing or otherwise, that the Company shall, whether, directly or indirectly, lend or
          invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf
         of the Funding Party (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or
         the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;

       (c) Based on the audit procedures that are considered reasonable and appropriate in the
         circumstances, nothing has come to our notice that has caused us to believe that the
         representations under sub-clause (i) and (ii) of Rule 11(e), as provided under (a) and
          (b) above, contain any material misstatement.

(v)  The Company has not declared nor paid any dividend during the year. Hence, reporting
    The compliance with section 123 of the Act is not applicable.

(vi) Based on our examination which included test checks, the Company has used an accounting
    software for maintaining its books of account for the financial year ended March 31, 2026,
    which has a feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility and the same has operated
    throughout the year for all relevant transactions recorded in the software. Further, during
    the course of our audit we did not come across any instance of audit trail feature being
    tampered with and the audit trail has been preserved by the Company as per the statutory
    requirements for record retention.



  For Haribhakti & Co. LLP
  Chartered Accountants
  ICAI Firm Registration No.103523W / W100048



  Sd/-

  Kunj B. Agrawal
  Partner
  Membership No.: 095829
  UDIN: 26095829KDUQAK8849

  Place: New Delhi

  Date: July 16, 2026
[page 75]
ANNEXURE 1 TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

[Referred to in paragraph 1 under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’
section in the Independent Auditor’s Report of even date to the members of Avience
Biomedicals Limited (Formerly known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited) (“the
Company”) on the standalone financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2026]

Based on the audit procedures performed for the purpose of reporting a true and fair view on
the standalone  financial statements  of the Company and  taking  into  consideration the
information, explanations and written representation given to us by the management and the
books of account and other records examined by us in the normal course of audit, we report that:

 (i)
     (a) (A) The Company has maintained proper records showing full particulars, including
        quantitative details and situation of Property, Plant and Equipment


         (B) The Company does not have any Intangible Assets and accordingly, reporting under
        clause (i)(a)(B) of paragraph 3 of the Order is not applicable.

     (b) According to the information and explanation given to us and based on our examination
        of the records of the Company in the course of audit and to the best of our knowledge
       and belief, all the Property, Plant and Equipment’s of the Company have been physically
         verified by the management at reasonable intervals except for the assets held with third
         parties; and no material discrepancies have been noticed on such verification. In our
        opinion, the frequency of verification is reasonable having regard to the size of the
      Company and the nature of its assets.

    (c) The title deeds of all the immovable properties (other than properties where the
      Company is the lessee and the lease agreements are duly executed in favour of lessee)
        disclosed in the standalone financial statements are held in the name of the Company.

     (d) The Company has not revalued  its Property, Plant and Equipment during the year.
        Accordingly, reporting under clause (i)(d) of paragraph 3 of the Order is not applicable.

     (e) Based on the information and explanation given to us, no proceedings have been initiated
        during the year or are pending against the Company as at March 31, 2026 for holding any
       benami property under the Prohibition of Benami Property Transactions Act, 1988 and
         rules made thereunder.
 (ii)
      (a) The management has conducted physical verification of inventory at reasonable intervals
        during the year. In our opinion, the coverage and procedure of such verification by the
      management is appropriate. No discrepancies of 10% or more in aggregate for each class
        of inventory were noticed on physical verification carried out during the year.

     (b) The Company has been sanctioned working capital limits in excess of five crore rupees
        during the year, in aggregate from banks and/or financial institutions on the basis of
        security of current assets and the difference between the quarterly returns/statements
         filed by the Company with such banks and/or financial institutions and the books of
       account of the Company is not material in nature.

(iii)    During the year, the Company has not made investments in, provide any guarantee or
        security or granted any loans or advances in the nature of loans, secured or unsecured,
        to companies, firms, limited liability partnerships or any other parties. Accordingly,
        reporting under clause (iii) of paragraph 3 of the Order is not applicable.

(iv)    There are no loans, investments, guarantees and securities, where provisions of sections
       185 and 186 of the Act are required to be complied with. Accordingly, reporting under
        clause (iv) of paragraph 3 of the Order are not applicable.
[page 76]
(v)      In our opinion, the Company has not accepted any deposits or amounts which are deemed
        to be deposits within the provisions of the section 73 and 76 of the act and rules made
       thereunder. Accordingly, reporting under clause (v) of paragraph 3 of the Order is not
        applicable.

(vi)    The Central Government has not prescribed the maintenance of cost records for any of
       the products of the Company under sub-section (1) of section 148 of the Act and the rules
       framed there under. Accordingly reporting under clause (vi) of paragraph 3 of the Order
          is not applicable.

(vii)
     (a) The Company  is generally regular  in depositing with the appropriate authorities,
       undisputed statutory dues including Goods and Services tax (GST), provident fund,
       employees’ state insurance, income-tax, sales-tax, service tax, duty of customs, duty of
        excise, value added tax, cess and other material statutory dues applicable to it, though
       there have been slight delays in a few cases.

      No undisputed amounts payable in respect of GST, provident fund, employees’ state
        insurance, income tax, sales-tax, service tax, duty of customs, duty of excise, value
       added tax, cess and other material statutory dues applicable to it, were outstanding, at
       the year end, for a period of more than six months from the date they became payable.

    (b) There are no dues with respect to GST, provident fund, employees’ state insurance,
       income tax, sales-tax, service tax, duty of customs, duty of excise, value added tax and
        cess which have not been deposited on account of any dispute.


(viii)  We have not come across any transactions which were previously not recorded in the
       books of account of the Company that have been surrendered or disclosed as income
        during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961.

(ix)
    (a) The Company has not defaulted in repayment of loans or other borrowings or payment
         of interest thereon to any lender, during the year.

    (b) The Company has not been declared wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution
        or government or any government authority.

    (c) The Company has prima facie utilized the money obtained by way of term loans during
       the year for the purposes for which they were obtained.

    (d) On an overall examination of the standalone financial statements of the Company, no
       funds raised on short-term basis have been used for long-term purposes by the Company.

    (e) On an overall examination of the standalone financial statements of the Company, the
      Company has not taken any funds from any entity or person on account of or to meet the
        obligations of its subsidiary. The Company does not have any associates or joint ventures
        as defined under the Act.

     (f) The Company has not raised loans during the year on the pledge of securities held in its
        subsidiary. The Company does not have any associates or joint ventures as defined under
       the Act.
(x)
    a)  The Company has not raised money by way of initial public issue offer / further public
        offer (including debt instruments) during the year. Therefore, reporting under clause
         (x)(a) of paragraph 3 of the Order is not applicable.

    b)  The Company has not made any preferential allotment or private placement of shares
        or convertible debentures (fully, partially or optionally convertible) during the year.
       Therefore, reporting under clause (x)(b) of paragraph 3 of the Order is not applicable
[page 77]
 (xi)
     (a) During the course of our examination of the books and records of the Company, carried
       out in accordance with the generally accepted auditing practices in India, and according
        to the information and explanations given to us, we have neither come across any
        instance of fraud by the Company nor any fraud on the Company has been noticed or
       reported during the year, nor have we been informed of any such instance by the
      management.

    (b) No report under section 143(12) of the Act has been filed with the Central Government
       by the auditors of the Company in Form ADT-4 as prescribed under Rule 13 of Companies
        (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, during the year or upto the date of this report.

    (c) There are no whistle blower complaints received by the Company during the year and
       upto the date of this report.

(xii)    In our opinion, the Company is not a Nidhi Company. Therefore, reporting under clause
          (xii) of paragraph 3 of the Order is not applicable.

(xiii)    All transactions entered into by the Company with the related parties are in compliance
       with section 177 and 188 of the Act, where applicable, and the details have been
        disclosed in the standalone financial statements as required by the applicable accounting
        standards.

(xiv)    In our opinion, the Company is not required to have an internal audit system as per the
        provisions of the Act. Hence, reporting under clause (xiv)(a) and (b) of paragraph 3 of
       the Order is not applicable.

(xv)   The Company has not entered into any non-cash transactions with its directors or the
       persons connected with them during the year and hence provisions of section 192 of the
       Act are not applicable to the Company.

(xvi)
     (a) The Company is not required to be registered under section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of
        India Act, 1934. Therefore, reporting under clause (xvi)(a) and (b) of paragraph 3 of the
       Order are not applicable.

     (b) The Company is not a Core Investment Company (CIC) as defined in Core Investment
       Companies (Reserve Bank) Directions, 2016 (“Directions”) by the Reserve Bank of India.
        Accordingly, reporting under clause (xvi)(c) and (d) of paragraph 3 of the Order are not
        applicable.

(xvii)  The Company has not incurred cash losses in the current and the immediately preceding
        financial year.

(xviii)  There has been no resignation of the statutory auditors during the year and accordingly,
        reporting  under  clause  (xviii)  of  paragraph  3  of  the  Order  is  not  applicable.

  (xix) On the basis of the financial ratios, ageing and expected dates of realization of financial
        assets and payment  of  financial  liabilities, other  information accompanying the
       standalone financial statements and our knowledge of the Board of Directors and
      management plans and based on our examination of the evidence supporting the
       assumptions, nothing has come to our attention, which cause us to believe that any
        material uncertainty exists as on the date of this audit report and that the Company is
       not capable of meeting its liabilities existing at the date of balance sheet as and when
       they fall due within a period of one year from the balance sheet date. We, however,
        state that this is not an assurance as to the future viability of the Company. We further
        state that our reporting is based on the facts up to date of the audit report and we
        neither give any guarantee nor any assurance that all liabilities falling due within a period
        of one year from the balance sheet date, will get discharged by the Company as and
      when they fall due.
[page 78]
  (xx)
      (a) There are no unspent amount towards Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) on other
        than ongoing projects requiring a transfer to a Fund specified in Schedule VII to the Act
          in compliance with second proviso to section 135(5) of the said Act. Hence, reporting
        under clause (xx) (a) of paragraph 3 of the Order is not applicable.

      (b) There were no ongoing projects that were undertaken by the Company during the year
         pursuant to its CSR policy and hence did not have any unspent amount of CSR which
        was required to be transferred to a Special Account in accordance with section 135(6)
         of the Act. Accordingly, reporting under clause (xx) (b) of paragraph 3 of the Order is
         not applicable.


For Haribhakti & Co. LLP
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Registration No. 103523W / W100048


Sd/-
Kunj B. Agrawal
Partner
Membership No.: 095829
UDIN: 26095829KDUQAK8849

Place: New Delhi
Date: July 16,2026
[page 79]
ANNEXURE 2 TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

[Referred to in paragraph 2(f) under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’
section in our Independent Auditor’s Report of even date to the members of Avience
Biomedicals Limited (Formerly known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited) on the
standalone financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2026]

Report on the Internal Financial Controls with reference to Financial Statements under clause
(i) of sub-section 3 of section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”)

We have audited the internal financial controls with reference to financial statements of Avience
Biomedicals Limited (Formerly known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited) (“the Company”)
as of March 31, 2026 in conjunction with our audit of the standalone financial statements of the
Company for the year ended on that date.

Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls

The Company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial
controls based on the internal control with reference to financial statements criteria established
by the Company considering the essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance
Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) issued
by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (“ICAI”). These responsibilities include the
design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that were
operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including
adherence to Company’s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of
frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely
preparation of reliable financial information, as required under the Act.

Auditors’ Responsibility

Our responsibility  is to express an opinion on the Company's internal financial controls with
reference to financial statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with
the Guidance Note and the Standards on Auditing specified under section 143(10) of the Act to the
extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls, both issued by the ICAI. Those
Standards and the Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal financial
controls with reference to financial statements was established and maintained and  if such
controls operated effectively in all material respects.

Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the
internal financial controls with reference to financial statements and their operating effectiveness.

Our audit of internal financial controls with reference to financial statements included obtaining
an understanding of internal financial controls with reference to financial statements, assessing
the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating
effectiveness of internal controls based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on
the auditor’s judgement, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the
financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a
basis for our audit opinion on the Company’s internal financial controls with reference to financial
statements.
[page 80]
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls with reference to Financial Statements

A company's internal financial control with reference to financial statements is a process designed
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. A company's internal financial control with reference to financial statements includes
those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company;
(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation
of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that
receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorisations
of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls with reference to Financial Statements

Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls with reference to financial
statements, including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls,
material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, projections of
any evaluation of the internal financial controls with reference to financial statements to future
periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial controls with reference to financial
statements may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Opinion

In our opinion, to the best of our information and according to the explanation given to us , the
Company has, in all material respects, adequate internal financial controls with reference to
financial statements and such internal financial controls with reference to financial statements
were operating effectively as at March 31, 2026, based on the internal control with reference to
financial statements criteria established by the Company considering the essential components of
internal controls stated in the Guidance Note issued by the ICAI.



For Haribhakti & Co. LLP
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Registration No.103523W / W100048



Sd/-
Kunj B. Agrawal
Partner
Membership No.: 095829
UDIN: 26095829KDUQAK8849

Place: New Delhi
Date : July 16, 2026
[page 81]
                                    Avience Biomedicals Limited
                                           (Formerly Known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited)
                                                    Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2026
                                                          CIN- U74999DL2019PLC359158
                                                              (All amounts in Rs. Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                                    As at                As at
Particulars                                                                    Notes
                                                                                           March 31, 2026       March 31, 2025


EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Shareholders’ funds
Share capital                                                                     3                           403.13                403.13
Reserves and surplus                                                              4                          2,310.75              1,637.44
                                                                                                        2,713.88             2,040.57
Non-current liabilities
Long-term borrowings                                                             5                           910.59                628.61
Deferred tax liabilities (Net)                                                        6                             18.64                 14.68
Long term provisions                                                              7                              7.24                  6.18
                                                                                                       936.47              649.47


Current liabilities
Short term borrowings                                                             8                           994.50                746.07
Trade payables                                                                   9
      (a) total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises; and                                           43.34                 10.46
      (b) total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and
                                                                                                                 463.95                489.69
     small enterprises
Other current liabilities                                                           10                           396.62                237.14
Short term provisions                                                             11                           252.33                183.44
                                                                                                        2,150.74             1,666.80

                                                    TOTAL                                     5,801.09             4,356.84


ASSETS
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment and Intangible Assets
      -Property, plant and equipment                                               12                          1,149.02                882.24
       - Capital Work in Progress                                                     13                          1,285.28                461.91
Non-current investments                                                          14                           572.98                572.98
Long-term loans and advances                                                      15                           205.27                111.02
Other non-current assets                                                          16                              7.77                  8.63
                                                                                                        3,220.32             2,036.78

Current assets
Inventories                                                                      17                          1,013.52                813.82
Trade receivables                                                                18                          1,143.82                889.01
Cash and bank balances                                                           19                           279.93                475.40
Short-term loans and advances                                                     20                           141.44                137.67
Other current assets                                                              21                              2.06                  4.16
                                                                                                        2,580.77             2,320.06
                                                    TOTAL                                     5,801.09             4,356.84

Summary of significant accounting policies                                            2

The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

As per our report of even date.


For Haribhakti & Co. LLP                       For and on behalf of Board of Directors of
Chartered Accountants                        Avience Biomedicals Limited
ICAI Firm Registration No.:103523W/W100048     (Formerly Known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited)
Sd/-                              Sd/-                Sd/-               Sd/-             Sd/-

Kunj B. Agrawal                          Dharam Deo Choudhary   Ram Nagina Choudhary    Manoj Kumar         Saurabh Verma
Partner                                      Managing Director         Whole time Director      Company Secretary     Chief Financial Officer
Membership No: 095829                          DIN: 02804625              DIN: 02804667            Membership No: F8737  PAN: ANAPV8729J


Place: New Delhi                                 Place: New Delhi            Place: New Delhi           Place: New Delhi        Place: New Delhi
Date : July 16, 2026                          Date : July 16, 2026        Date : July 16, 2026       Date : July 16, 2026    Date : July 16, 2026
[page 82]
                                   Avience Biomedicals Limited
                                          (Formerly Known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited)
                                     Statement of Profit and Loss for the year ended March 31, 2026
                                                          CIN- U74999DL2019PLC359158
                                                             (All amounts in Rs. Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                               Year ended           Year ended
 Particulars                                                                   Notes
                                                                                          March 31, 2026       March 31, 2025


 Income
 Revenue from operations                                                         22                         3,531.47               2,888.95
 Other Income                                                                   23                            18.36                 64.81
 Total Income                                                                                           3,549.83             2,953.76

 Expenses
 Cost of materials consumed                                                       24                          571.00                334.75
 Purchases of Stock-in-Trade                                                       25                         1,500.04               1,412.86
 Changes in inventories of finished goods, work-in-progress and Stock-in-trade             26                           (167.87)                 (29.04)
 Employee benefits expenses                                                      27                          299.05                206.50
 Finance cost                                                                    28                            62.43                 61.02
 Depreciation expenses                                                           29                            97.93                 74.95
 Other expenses                                                                 30                          239.02                198.70
 Total expenses                                                                                         2,601.60             2,259.74


 Profit before prior period items & tax                                                                     948.23              694.02

 Prior period items                                                              32                                        -                   7.50


 Profit before tax                                                                                       948.23              686.52
 Tax expense
  - Current tax                                                                                                   255.69                180.98
  - Deferred tax                                                                  6                              3.95                   4.92
  -Earlier year tax adjustment                                                                                       15.26                   0.41
                                                                                                                274.90                186.31
 Profit for the year                                                                                     673.33              500.21

Earnings per equity share
Nominal Value of Rs.10 each (Previous year Rs.10 each)
 - Basic and Diluted (Rs.)                                                          37                            16.70                 13.19
Summary of significant accounting policies                                           2

The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.


As per our report of even date.

For Haribhakti & Co. LLP                          For and on behalf of Board of Directors of
Chartered Accountants                          Avience Biomedicals Limited
ICAI Firm Registration No.:103523W/W100048        (Formerly Known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited)


                                      Sd/-             Sd/-             Sd/-              Sd/- Sd/-


Kunj B. Agrawal                            Dharam Deo Choudhary  Ram Nagina Choudhary Manoj Kumar         Saurabh Verma
Partner                                        Managing Director       WholeTime Director    Company Secretary      Chief Financial Officer
Membership No: 095829                             DIN: 02804625            DIN: 02804667          Membership No: F8737   PAN: ANAPV8729J



Place: New Delhi                                    Place: New Delhi          Place: New Delhi         Place: New Delhi         Place: New Delhi
Date : July 16, 2026                             Date : July 16, 2026      Date : July 16, 2026     Date : July 16, 2026     Date : July 16, 2026
[page 83]
                                    Avience Biomedicals Limited
                                     (Formerly Known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited)
                                          Statement of Cash flows for the year ended March 31, 2026
                                                             CIN- U74999DL2019PLC359158
                                                                 (All amounts in Rs. Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

                                                                                                        Year ended            Year ended
   Particulars
                                                                                                March 31, 2026        March 31, 2025
A. Cash flow from operating activities
   Net profit before tax                                                                                               948.22                  686.52
  Adjustments for:
        Depreciation expense                                                                                           97.93                   74.95
       Net gain on Sale of Property, Plant and equipment                                                                        (0.44)                     (0.88)
         Provision for gratuity                                                                                                      (1.19)                    5.48
         Provision for compensated absences                                                                                0.10                    0.31
         Provision for doubtful debts                                                                                      23.52                   13.65
         Interest expense                                                                                                54.13                   53.01
         Interest Income                                                                                                           (6.28)                     (2.02)
          Liability no longer required written back                                                                                                      -                        (2.57)
   Operating profit before working capital changes                                                             1,115.99               828.45
   Adjustments for changes in working capital:
        (Increase)/Decrease in inventories                                                                                  (199.70)                   (27.68)
        (Increase)/Decrease in trade receivables                                                                            (278.33)                  (660.50)
        (Increase)/Decrease in short term loans and advances                                                                     (3.76)                  29.64
        (Increase)/Decrease in other non-current assets                                                                           (0.14)                     (2.76)
        Increase/(Decrease) in trade payables                                                                              7.13                   83.73
        Increase/(Decrease) in current liabilities                                                                        155.96                  128.39
   Cash generated from operations                                                                          797.15               379.27
       Tax payment (net of refunds)                                                                                       (199.83)                   (65.37)
   Net cash generated from operating activities (A)                                                            597.32               313.90

B.  Cash flows from investing activities
        Purchase of property, plant and equipments (including capital advances)                                            (1,291.67)                  (792.19)
        Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment                                                                9.79                    4.00
        Proceeds from/(investment in) fixed deposits more than 3 months maturity                                               (0.57)                   (27.91)
         Interest received                                                                                                  8.38                    0.02
   Net cash used in investing activities (B)                                                                        (1,274.07)               (816.08)

C.  Cash flows from financing activities
       Net proceeds from short term borrowings                                                                       195.59                  109.40
        Proceeds from long term borrowings                                                                            334.82                  492.19
         Interest paid                                                                                                          (50.71)                   (56.25)
        Proceeds from issue of equity shares                                                                                                          -                    360.46
   Net cash generated from financing activities (C)                                                            479.70               905.80

   Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents (A+B+C)                                                              (197.04)               403.62
   Cash and cash equivalents as at the beginning of the year                                                              403.72                    0.10
   Cash and cash equivalents as at the end of the year                                                         206.68               403.72

  Notes:
  1.Components of cash and cash equivalents

                                                                                                 As at March 31, 2026    As at March 31, 2025
   Balance with banks in current account                                                                               204.15                  400.29
   Cash on hand                                                                                                          2.53                    3.44
   Total (Note 19)                                                                                        206.68               403.73


   2. The above Statement of Cash flows has been prepared under the 'Indirect Method' set out in Accounting Standard - 3 " Cash Flow Statement"

   Notes to the financials statements are integral part of the statements of cash flows.


   For Haribhakti & Co. LLP                        For and on behalf of Board of Directors of
  Chartered Accountants                        Avience Biomedicals Limited
   ICAI Firm Registration No.:103523W/W100048      (Formerly Known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited)

  Sd/-                             Sd/-              Sd/-             Sd/-            Sd/-
  Kunj B Agrawal                           Dharam Deo Choudhary   Ram Nagina Choudhary   Manoj Kumar         Saurabh Verma
   Partner                                      Managing Director         Whole Time Director      Company Secretary      Chief Financial Officer
  Membership No: 095829                           DIN: 02804625              DIN: 02804667            Membership No: F8737   PAN: ANAPV8729J

   Place: New Delhi                                  Place: New Delhi           Place: New Delhi           Place: New Delhi         Place: New Delhi
  Date : July 16, 2026                           Date : July 16, 2026        Date : July 16, 2026       Date : July 16, 2026     Date : July 16, 2026
[page 84]
                                                 Avience Biomedicals Limited
                                     (Formerly Known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited)
                               Notes to the Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2026
                                                    CIN- U74999DL2019PLC359158
                                                       (All amounts in Rs. Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

  1  BACKGROUND


      Avience Biomedicals Limited (the "Company") is a Delhi based company ventured into the products and solutions in molecular segment of
      diagnostics and testing. The Company was incorporated on December 23, 2019 under the Companies Act, 2013 as a private limited
     company. Pursuant to a special resolution passed in the extra ordinary general meeting of the shareholder of the Company held on June
      26, 2024, the Company was converted to a public limited company, and consequently, the name of the Company has changed to 'Avience
      Biomedicals Limited' vide new certificate of incorporation dated September 03, 2024. The Company deals in various aspects of Molecular
      biotechnology, markers, genomics and IVD industry. The Company aims at creating solutions that are on cutting edge with the latest
     advancements in the globe, having wide applications and that provide cost-effective solutions for the rural and the needy.

      Subsequent to the year end, on June 25, 2026, the equity shares of the Company have been listed on Nifty SME Emerge Index.



  2  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES


(a)   Basis for preparation of Financial Statements

      These Financial Statements have been prepared to comply in all material respects with the Accounting Standards notified under section
      133 of the Companies Act 2013 (“the Act’) read with Rule 3 of the Companies (Accounting Standards) Rules, 2021.  These financial
      statements have been prepared in accordance with the generally accepted accounting principles in India (Indian GAAP) under the
       historical cost convention on an accrual basis.


      As per the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) notification dated  February 16, 2015, companies whose shares are listed on the SME
      Exchange as referred to in Chapter IX of SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018 are exempted from the
      compulsory requirement of adoption of Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS). Accordingly, the Company continues to prepare its financial
      statements under Indian GAAP (AS framework), and these results have been presented in compliance with the aforesaid exemption.



       All assets and liabilities have been classified as current or non-current as per the Company’s normal operating cycle and other criteria set
      out in the Schedule III to the Act. The Company has ascertained its operating cycle as 12 months for the purpose of current/non-current
       classification of assets and liabilities.


(b)   Use of estimates

     The preparation of financial statements in conformity with the Indian GAAP requires the management to make estimates and assumptions
      that affect the reporting amounts of assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities at the reported date and the reported amounts of
      revenues and expenses during the reporting year. Although, these estimates are based on the management’s best knowledge of current
      events and actions, actual results could differ. Any revision in accounting estimate is recognized prospectively in the year in which actual
       results are known.


(c)   Revenue recognition

     Revenue is recognized to the extent that it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the Company and revenue can be reliably
      measured.

     Revenue from sales of products is recognized when significant risks and rewards of ownership of goods are transferred to the customer as
      per the terms of the contract and are recognised, net of trade discounts, rebates, excise duties and taxes on sale, as applicable.
[page 85]
                                                 Avience Biomedicals Limited
                                     (Formerly Known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited)
                               Notes to the Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2026
                                                    CIN- U74999DL2019PLC359158
                                                       (All amounts in Rs. Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

(d)   Property, Plant and Equipment

      Property, plant and equipment ('PPE' or 'Assets') are stated at cost of acquisition net of recoverable taxes (wherever applicable), less
      accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, if any. Cost comprises the purchase price and any cost directly attributable to bringing
      the assets to its working condition for its intended use.

      Subsequent expenditure related to an item of asset is added to its book value only if it increases the future benefits from the existing
      asset beyond its previously assessed standard of performance. All other expenses on existing assets, including day to day repair and
      maintenance and cost of replacing parts are charged to the Statement of Profit and Loss for the year during which such expenses are
      incurred.

      Assets retired from active use and held for disposal are stated at lower of book value and net realizable value as estimated by the
     Company and are shown separately in the financial statements under other current assets. Loss determined,  if any,  is recognized
      immediately in the Statement of Profit and Loss, whereas gain or loss on sale of such assets is recognized only upon completion of sale
      thereof.



(e)   Depreciation

      Depreciation on PPE has been calculated on pro-rata basis on straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets as
      specified under schedule II to the Act except certain items of plant and equipment and electrical fittings which have been depreciated
      over the year of 10 years and 5 years respectively based on technical evaluation carried out by the management.

     The useful life determined on the basis of management estimation is lower than the useful life prescribed in Part 'C' of Schedule II of the
      Act, as detailed below:

                                                                                                                  Useful life (In years)
                                                                                 Useful life (In years) on the basis
                                        Particulars                                                                         as per
                                                                                         of Management Estimate
                                                                                                              Schedule II

      Plant and Equipment                                                                  10                       15
       Electrical fittings                                                                      5                        10

     The cost of leasehold land is amortised on straight line method over the lease year.

      Depreciation on addition to property, plant and equipment is provided on pro-rata basis from the date the assets are ready for intended
      use.

      Depreciation on sale/discard of property, plant and equipment is provided for up to the date of sale, deduction or discard of property,
      plant and equipment,as the case may be.

      Residual value @ 5% has been considered for the purpose of calculating depreciation on property, plant and equipment.

(f)   Impairment
     The  carrying amounts  of  assets are reviewed  at each Balance Sheet date  if there  is any  indication  of impairment based on
      internal/external factors. An impairment loss is recognized wherever the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount. The
      recoverable amount is the greater of the asset’s net selling price and value in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash
      flows are discounted to their present value at the weighted average cost of capital.

      After impairment, depreciation is provided on the revised carrying amount of the asset over its remaining useful life.

(g)   Leases (as a Lessee)
      Operating lease:
      Lease arrangements, where the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an asset substantially vest with the lessor, are recognized as
     an operating lease. Lease payments under operating lease are recognized as an expense in the Statement of Profit and Loss on a straight-
       line basis over the lease term.
[page 86]
                                                 Avience Biomedicals Limited
                                     (Formerly Known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited)
                               Notes to the Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2026
                                                    CIN- U74999DL2019PLC359158
                                                       (All amounts in Rs. Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

(h)   Employee Benefits

      Short Term Employee Benefits
       All employee benefits payable wholly within twelve months of rendering the service are classified as short term employee benefits and
      recognized in the year in which employee renders the related service.


      Defined Contribution Plan
     Employee State Insurance Corporation

       In accordance with the provisions of the Employees' State Insurance Act, 1948, eligible employees of the Company are entitled to receive
      benefits to ESI, a defined contribution plan in which both the Company and the employee contribute monthly at a determined rate. The
      Company's contribution to ESI  is charged to the Statement of Profit and Loss as and when incurred. The Company has no further
       obligations under these plans beyond its monthly contribution.


      Defined Benefit Plan: Gratuity

     A defined benfits plan is a post-employment benefit plan other than a defined contribution plan. Benefits under Gratuity is defined benefit
      plan. Vesting occurs upon completion of five years of service. The Company's obligation in respect of gratuity is calculated on actual basis
      equivalent to 15 days last drawn basic salary for each completed year of service as on Balance sheet date.



     Compensated Absences

      Benefits under the Company's leave encashment constitute other long-term employee benefits, the liability of which is determined on the
       basis of last drawn salary for unused, unexpired accumulated leaves as on Balance sheet date.


(i)    Inventory
      Inventories are valued at lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost of raw material and traded goods is determined using the first-in,
       first-out (FIFO) method. The cost of finished goods and work-in-progress comprises  direct materials, design costs, direct labour, other
       direct costs and related production overheads. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less
      the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.




(j)   Taxes on income
     Tax expense for the year comprises current tax and deferred tax.


      Current tax
      Current income tax is measured at the amount expected to be paid to the tax authorities in accordance with the prevailing Income Tax
      laws.



      Deferred tax
      Deferred tax charge or credit reflects the tax effects of timing differences between accounting income and taxable income for the year.
     The deferred tax charge or credit and the corresponding deferred tax liabilities or assets are recognized using the tax rates that have been
      enacted or substantively enacted by the balance sheet date. Deferred tax assets are recognized only to the extent there is reasonable
      certainty that the assets can be realized in future, However, where there is unabsorbed depreciation or carry forward of losses, deferred
      tax assets are recognized only if there is a virtual certainty supported by convincing evidence of realization of such assets. Deferred tax
      assets are reviewed at each Balance Sheet date and are written-down or written-up to reflect the amount that is reasonably / virtually
      certain (as the case may be) to be realized.
[page 87]
                                                 Avience Biomedicals Limited
                                     (Formerly Known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited)
                               Notes to the Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2026
                                                    CIN- U74999DL2019PLC359158
                                                       (All amounts in Rs. Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

(k)   Provisions, contingent liabilities and contingent assets

      Provision


     A provision is recognized when the Company has a present obligation as a result of past event, it is probable that an outflow of resources
     embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the
       obligation. Provisions are not discounted to its present value and are determined based on best estimate required to settle the obligation
      at the reporting date. These estimates are reviewed at each reporting date and adjusted to reflect the current best estimates.



      Contingent Liabilities

      Contingent liabilities are disclosed when there is a possible obligation arising from past events, the existence of which will be confirmed
      only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the Company or a
      present obligation that arises from past events where it is either not probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle or a
       reliable estimate of the amount cannot be made.


      Contingent Assets

     The Company does not recognize assets which are of contingent nature until there is virtual certainty of realisability of such assets.
     However, subsequently, if it becomes virtual certain that an inflow of economic benefits will arise, asset and related income is recognized
       in the financial statements of year in which the change occurs.


(l)   Cash and cash equivalents

      Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand, balances with bank and demand deposits with original maturity upto 3 months.



(m)   Earnings per share


      Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the net profit or loss for the year attributable to equity shareholders by the weighted
      average number of equity shares outstanding during the year. The weighted average numbers of equity shares outstanding during the year
      are adjusted for events such as bonus issue, share split or consolidation of shares.

      For the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per share, the net profit or loss for the year attributable to equity shareholders and the
      weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year are adjusted for the effects of all dilutive potential equity shares.



(n)   Foreign Currency Transactions

      Foreign Currency transactions are recorded, by applying to the foreign currency amount the exchange rate between the reporting currency
     and the foreign currency, at the date of transaction. Monetary items denominated in foreign currencies at the year end are translated at
      the exchange rates prevailing on the date of Balance Sheet. Non-monetary items denominated in foreign currency are carried at the values
      that were determined on the date of transaction.

      Exchange differences either on settlement or on translation are recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
[page 88]
                                                 Avience Biomedicals Limited
                                     (Formerly Known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited)
                               Notes to the Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2026
                                                    CIN- U74999DL2019PLC359158
                                                       (All amounts in Rs. Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
(o)   Investments


      Investments, which are readily realizable and intended to be held for not more than one year from the date on which such investments are
     made, are classified as current investments. All other investments are classified as long-term investments.

     On initial recognition, all investments are measured at cost. The cost comprises purchase price and directly attributable acquisition
      charges such as brokerage, fees and duties. If an investment is acquired, or partly acquired, by the issue of shares or other securities, the
       acquisition cost is the fair value of the securities issued. If an investment is acquired in exchange for another asset, the acquisition is
      determined by reference to the fair value of the asset given up or by reference to the fair value of the investment acquired, whichever is
     more clearly evident.

      Current investments are carried in the financial statements at lower of cost and fair value determined on an individual investment basis.
      Long-term investments are carried at cost. However, provision for diminution in value is made to recognize a deminution other than
      temporary in the value of the investments.

     On disposal of an investment, the difference between its carrying amount and net disposal proceeds  is charged or credited to the
      statement of profit and loss.


(p)   Borrowings

      Borrowings are initially recognized at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Subsequently, they are measured at amortized cost
      using the effective interest rate method. Borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or construction of qualifying
      assets are capitalized as part of the cost of those assets, in accordance with AS 16 – Borrowing Costs. All other borrowing costs are
      expensed in the year in which they are incurred.


(q)   Segment reporting

     The accounting policies adopted for segment reporting are in conformity with the accounting policies followed for the Company.


      Primary Segments: Business


     The Company is primarily in the business manufacturing and trading Medical devices and related products. Management considers the risk
     and rewards associated with these products to be similar in nature. Accordingly, the entire operations of the Company are considered as a
       single business segment.


     Secondary Segment : Geographical

     The analysis of geographical segment is based on the geographical location of the customers. Revenues are attributable to individual
      geographical segments based on the location of the customer within India (domestic) and outside India (exports).

                                                         ----- The space has been intentionally left blank -----
[page 89]
                                                     Avience Biomedicals Limited
                                         (Formerly Known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited)
                                   Notes to the Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2026
                                                         CIN- U74999DL2019PLC359158
                                                             (All amounts in Rs. Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

3  Share capital
                                                                         As at March 31, 2026              As at March 31, 2025
                                                            Number of
                                                                            Amount     Number of shares     Amount
                                                                            shares
    Authorised share capital
    Equity shares of Rs. 10 each                                                  70,00,000           700.00           70,00,000            700.00

     Issued, subscribed & paid up equity share capital                            40,31,256           403.13           40,31,256            403.13
    Equity shares of Rs. 10 each                                                  40,31,256           403.13           40,31,256            403.13

a.  Reconciliation of equity shares outstanding at the beginning and at the end of the Year/year

                                                                         As at March 31, 2026              As at March 31, 2025
    Equity Shares                                               Number of
                                                                            Amount     Number of shares     Amount
                                                                            shares
    At the beginning of the year                                                  40,31,256           403.13           32,84,500            328.45
    Shares Issued during the year                                                                         -                     -               7,46,756             74.68
    Outstanding at the end of the year                                          40,31,256           403.13           40,31,256            403.13

b.  Rights, preferences and restrictions attached to equity shares
    The Company has only one class of shares i.e. Equity Shares having a par value of Rs.10 per share.

    Voting
    Each holder of equity shares is entitled to one vote per share held.

    Dividends
    The dividend proposed by the Board of Directors is subject to approval of the shareholders in ensuing Annual General Meeting except in the case where
    interim dividend is distributed.

     Liquidation
     In the event of liquidation of the Company, the holders of equity shares shall be entitled to receive all of the remaining assets of the Company, after
     distribution of  all preferential amounts,  if any. Such distribution amounts will be in proportion to the number of equity shares held by the
    shareholders.


c.  The Company does not have any holding company.

d.   Details of shareholders holding more than 5% shares in the Company
                                                                         As at March 31, 2026              As at March 31, 2025
   Name of the shareholders                                     Number of    % of holding    Number of shares   % of holding
                                                                            shares

    Mr. Dharam Deo Choudhary                                                  20,38,756       50.57%               20,38,756       50.57%
    Mr. Ram Nagina Choudhary                                                    8,42,370       20.90%                 8,42,370       20.90%
    Ms. Deepa Choudhary                                                         4,38,400       10.88%                 4,38,400       10.88%
    Mr. Janardan Pal                                                              4,20,359       10.43%                 4,20,359       10.43%
                                                                         8,58,759      92.78%              8,58,759      92.78%

e.   Details of shareholding of Promoters

    Shares held by promoters at the year ended March 31, 2026
    Promoters' Name                                                               % of Total Equity  % change during
                                                                       Number of Shares
                                                                                                             share           the Year
    Mr. Dharam Deo Choudhary                                                                    20,38,756              50.57%            0.00%
    Mr. Ram Nagina Choudhary                                                                      8,42,370              20.90%            0.00%
    Ms. Deepa Choudhary                                                                           4,38,400              10.88%            0.00%
    Mr. Janardan Pal                                                                               4,20,359              10.43%            0.00%


    Shares held by promoters at the year ended March 31, 2025
    Promoters' Name                                                               % of Total Equity  % change during
                                                                       Number of shares
                                                                                                             share            the year
    Mr. Dharam Deo Choudhary                                                                    20,38,756              50.57%           19.37%

    Mr. Ram Nagina Choudhary                                                                      8,42,370              20.90%           17.52%
    Ms. Deepa Choudhary                                                                           4,38,400              10.88%            0.00%
    Mr. Janardan Pal                                                                               4,20,359              10.43%            (0.24)%
[page 90]
                                                      Avience Biomedicals Limited
                                          (Formerly Known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited)
                                    Notes to the Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2026
                                                          CIN- U74999DL2019PLC359158
                                                              (All amounts in Rs. Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

f.  Aggregate number of equity shares allotted as fully paid up by way of bonus shares during the period of five years immediately preceeding the
    Balance Sheet date:
    During the financial year 2022-23, the Company issued 7,50,000 equity shares as fully paid-up bonus shares (having a face value of Rs. 10 each), out of
    reserves and surplus.


g.  Aggregate number of equity shares alloted as fully paid up without payment being received in cash during the period of five years immediately
    preceeding the Balance Sheet date:
    During the previous year, the Company alloted 4,58,385 number of equity shares @ Rs 125 per share (including premium of Rs 115 per share) to the
    shareholders of DR Meditech Surgical and Diagnostics India Private Limited on account of acquiring their shareholding in DR Medictech Surgical and
     Diagnostics (India) Private Limited. Also, refer note no. 14.1


h.  No class of shares have been bought back during the period of last five years immediately preceeding the Balance Sheet date.

i.  There were no securities convertible into equity/preference shares issued/outstanding at the year end (Previous year:Nil)

j.   Calls unpaid including aggregrate value of calls unpaid by Directors and Officers: Nil (Previous year:Nil)

k.  Forfeited shares:Nil (Previous year:Nil)

4  Reserves and surplus

                                                                                                          As at             As at
                                                                                                 March 31, 2026    March 31, 2025
    Balance in the Statement of Profit and Loss
    Balance as at the beginning of the year                                                                              778.66            278.45
    Add: Profit as per Statement of Profit and Loss                                                                       673.33            500.21
    Balance as at the end of the year                                                              (A)                       1,451.99          778.66

     Securities Premium
    Balance as at the beginning of the year                                                                              858.77                      -
    Add: Received during the year                                                                                                                           -             858.77
    Balance as at the end of the year                                                               (B)                        858.77          858.77

                                                                                                     (A) + (B)                   2,310.75        1,637.44

5  Long Term Borrowings
                                                                                                          As at             As at
                                                                                                 March 31, 2026    March 31, 2025
    Secured
    Term Loans
        -from Banks (refer note (a)(i),(a)(ii) and 8(iv))                                                                      37.56             55.25
        -from financial institution (refer (a)(iii) and (b))                                                                  954.50            602.00
      Less: Current maturities of long-term borrowings                                                                           (81.47)            (28.64)
                                                                                                           910.59          628.61

    Notes :
  a) Terms of secured borrowings :

    Term loan from Banks :
      i) The Company has an outstanding working capital loan of ₹3.71 lakhs as at March 31, 2026 (March 31, 2025: ₹9.64 lakhs) availed under the Guaranteed
    Emergency Credit Line (GECL) scheme against a sanctioned limit of ₹17.00 lakhs from Canara Bank on October 25, 2021. The loan was subsequently
     transferred to Bank of India in December 2022. The loan is repayable in 36 monthly instalments commencing from November 23, 2023. It carries
     interest at the Repo Based Lending Rate (RBLR) plus 0.65% per annum, resulting in an effective interest rate of 8.75% per annum as at March 31, 2026
    (March 31, 2025: 9.75% per annum), with monthly resets.

       ii) On September 5, 2023, the Company availed a term loan of ₹64.23 lakhs from Bank of India for the acquisition of plant and machinery. The loan is
    repayable in 65 monthly instalments commencing from September 30, 2023. The loan carries interest at the Repo Based Lending Rate (RBLR) plus 0.70%
    per annum, resulting in an effective interest rate of 8.80% per annum as at March 31, 2026, with monthly resets. The outstanding balance of the loan as
     at March 31, 2026 was ₹33.85 lakhs (March 31, 2025: ₹45.61 lakhs).

    Term loans from financial institution:
       iii) The Company took a term loan from the Small Industries Development Bank of India (SIDBI) for the construction of its new production facility at Plot
    No. 70, Sector 28, Yamuna Expressway Industrial Development Area (YEIDA). The sanctioned loan limit is ₹1,200.00 lakhs, against which ₹960.00 lakhs
    had been availed by the Company as at March 31, 2026. Above loan is repayable through 78 monthly installment (24 of 5.5 lakhs each, 6 of 10 lakhs
    each, 6 of 15 lakhs each, 25 of 20 lakhs each, 10 of 22 lakhs each, 1 of 24 lakhs and 6 of 29 lakhs each), the first installment commenced in March
    2026. The outstanding balance of the loan as at March 31, 2026 was ₹954.50 lakhs (March 31, 2025: ₹602.00 lakhs).
[page 91]
                                                     Avience Biomedicals Limited
                                          (Formerly Known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited)
                                   Notes to the Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2026
                                                         CIN- U74999DL2019PLC359158
                                                             (All amounts in Rs. Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
 b) Nature of Security (Term loan from financial institution)
   The loan obtained from SIDBI is secured against hypothecation of all the movables including plant & machinery, miscellaneous fixed assets, equipment,
    machinery spares, tools & accessories and all other assets of the Company which have been acquired under the project and the Company's land at Plot
   No 70, Sector-28, YEIDA, Greater Noida.

 c) Also, refer notes 47,48 and 50

6  Deferred tax liability
   The tax effect of significant timing differences that reverse in one or more subsequent years gave rise to the following net deferred tax liability as at
   March 31, 2026, are as under:
    Deferred tax liability:
                                                                                                March 31, 2026
                                                                                        As at       Charge/(Credit) for       As at
                                                                                March 31, 2026       the year       March 31, 2025
    Deferred tax assets arising on account of:
        - expenditure allowable on payment basis                                                          2.07                0.14              2.22
        - Provision for doubtful debts                                                                      9.57                 (5.90)             3.67
    Total deferred tax asset (A)                                                                11.64               (5.76)            5.89

    Deferred tax liability arising on account of:
      - difference in written down value of property, plant and equipment as per Tax and the            30.28                9.71             20.57
    books of account
    Total deferred tax liabilities (B)                                                            30.28               9.71           20.57

   Net deferred tax liabilities (B-A )                                                           18.64               3.95            14.68

                                                                                                March 31, 2025
                                                                                        As at       Charge/(Credit) for       As at
                                                                                March 31, 2025       the year       March 31, 2024
    Deferred tax assets arising on account of:
        - expenditure allowable on payment basis                                                          2.22                 (1.46)             0.76
        - Provision for doubtful debts                                                                      3.67                (3.67)                      -
    Total deferred tax asset (A)                                                                  5.89               (5.13)            0.76

    Deferred tax liability arising on account of:
         - difference in written down value of property, plant and equipment as per Tax and the             20.57              10.05             10.52
      books of account
    Total deferred tax liabilities (B)                                                            20.57             10.05           10.52

   Net deferred tax liabilities (B-A )                                                           14.68               4.91             9.76


                                                                                                         As at             As at
7  Long Term Provisions
                                                                                                March 31, 2026    March 31, 2025
    Provision for Employee Benefits
     Gratuity (Refer note no. 35)                                                                                             5.95             5.24
    Compensated Absences                                                                                                  1.28             0.94
                                                                                                                  7.23            6.18

8   Short Term Borrowings                                                                                  As at             As at
                                                                                                March 31, 2026    March 31, 2025
   Secured
    Current maturities of long term borrowings (Refer note 5)                                                                81.47             28.64
    Working Capital Loan from Bank (Refer note i & iv)                                                                                                    -             19.63
    Cash credit from banks (Refer note ii & iv)                                                                                                               -            396.18
    Cash credit from financial institution (Refer note iii & iv)                                                               672.09                    -

   Unsecured, repayable on demand
    -from related parties (Refer note iv)                                                                                  240.94           301.62
                                                                                                           994.50          746.07
[page 92]
                                                      Avience Biomedicals Limited
                                          (Formerly Known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited)
                                    Notes to the Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2026
                                                          CIN- U74999DL2019PLC359158
                                                              (All amounts in Rs. Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
    Notes :-
 i)
      In June 2024, the Company availed a short term working capital loan (standby letter of credit) from Bank of India repayable in 11 equated monthly
     installment of Rs. 9.60 lakhs carrying a rate of interest of 11.33% p.a. The loan has been fully repaid during current Year.


 ii)  Terms of secured cash credit from bank
    Cash Credit from bank is repayable on demand and carries interest rate of 1 year Repo Based Lending Rate(RBLR)+1.70% i.e. 9.80% (current RBLR being
     8.10%). During the current year, the cash credit facility sanctioned by the bank has been discontinued.


iii)  Terms of secured cash credit from financials institution

     During the current year, the Company’s has availed cash credit facility from SIDBI with an limit of ₹810.00 lakhs (March 31, 2025: Nil). The cash credit
      facility is repayable on demand and carries an interest rate of 1-year Marginal Cost of Funds Based Lending Rate (MCLR) plus 0.45%, subject to a rebate
     of 0.25% applicable to MSME ZED Gold Certificate holders, resulting in an effective interest rate of 8.30% (current MCLR being 8.10%).


iv)  Nature of Security ( for Term Loan, working capital loan and cash credit from bank/financial institution )

     A. Primary Security                                                                                       Nature of charge
     Hypothecation of stocks & book debts upto 120 Days
                                                                                                                                                            Ist charge - hypothecation
     Hypotheciation of plant and machinery
     B. Collateral
     Equitable Mortgage of residential property being FLAT No. B 411, 4th Floor, The Patel Cooperative Group
     Housing Society Limited (knowns as Umiya Sadan), Plot No 4, Dwarka, New Delhi- 110075 in the name of Mr.          EQM (First Charge)
    Ram Nagina Choudhary (Director) and Mrs. Geeta Choudhary (Relative of Director)

    The loan is also secured by the personal guarantee of the following directors and their relatives:-
   1 Mr. Dharam Deo Choudhary, Managing Director
   2 Mr. Janardan Pal, Director
   3 Mr. Ram Nagina Choudhary, Director
   4 Mrs. Deepa Choudhary, Director
   5 Mrs. Geeta Choudhary, relative of Director

 iv) Terms of unsecured loan from related parties :-
       It comprises of loan from directors of the Company which is repayable on demand and is interest free.

  v) Also, refer notes 47,48 and 50

 9  Trade payables
                                                                                                         As at             As at
                                                                                               March 31, 2026   March 31, 2025
    Trade payables
      (a) total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises (Refer note no. 33)                                   43.34             10.46
     (b) total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small enterprises                                463.95            489.69
                                                                                                          507.29          500.15
    Trade Payables ageing Schedule

    As at March 31, 2026
                                                             Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
              Particulars                 Unbilled                                                                                       Total
                                                           Less than 1      1-2 years        2-3 years     More than 3 years
       (i) MSME                                         7.50          35.84                    -                      -                         -            43.34
       (ii) Others                                      15.93         447.84              0.18                    -                         -           463.95
       (iii) Disputed Dues - MSME                                    -                                                                                                                  -
      (iv) Disputed Dues - Others                                  -                  -                      -                      -                         -                       -
     Total                                     23.43        483.68            0.18                    -                         -           507.29

    As at March 31, 2025
                                                             Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
              Particulars                 Unbilled                                                                                       Total
                                                           Less than 1      1-2 years        2-3 years     More than 3 years
       (i) MSME                                         3.00            7.46                    -                      -                         -            10.46
       (ii) Others                                       0.96         488.73                    -                      -                         -           489.69
       (iii) Disputed Dues - MSME                                    -                  -                      -                      -                         -                       -
      (iv) Disputed Dues - Others                                  -                  -                      -                      -                         -                       -
     Total                                       3.96       496.19                    -                      -                         -           500.15
[page 93]
                                                      Avience Biomedicals Limited
                                          (Formerly Known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited)
                                    Notes to the Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2026
                                                          CIN- U74999DL2019PLC359158
                                                              (All amounts in Rs. Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
10  Other current liabilities
                                                                                                          As at             As at
                                                                                                 March 31, 2026    March 31, 2025
    Employees dues payable                                                                                              20.15             12.42
     Directors' remuneration payable                                                                                       14.78             41.18
     Directors' sitting fees payable                                                                                            3.68              1.08
     Interest accrued but not due on borrowings                                                                               6.71              2.39
    Advance from customers
            -from Related Party (Refer Note 36)                                                                         337.54            160.09
            -from Others                                                                                                    2.20             14.77
     Statutory dues payable                                                                                                  3.74              3.80
     Interest payables on dues to Micro and Small Enterprises (refer note 33)                                                    2.32              1.41
     Security deposit payable                                                                                                5.50                      -
                                                                                                           396.62          237.14

11  Short Term Provisions
                                                                                                          As at             As at
                                                                                                 March 31, 2026    March 31, 2025

     Provision for Income Tax (Net of Advance tax of Rs. 3.14 Lakhs)
                                                                                                                      251.95            180.81
     (Previous year : Rs 0.16 Lakhs)

     Provision for Employee benefits
     -Gratuity (Refer note no 35)                                                                                             0.15              2.05
     -Compensated Absences                                                                                                0.23              0.58
                                                                                                           252.33          183.44
[page 94]
                                                                                   Avience Biomedicals Limited
                                                                        (Formerly Known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited)
                                                                  Notes to the Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2026
                                                                                           CIN- U74999DL2019PLC359158
                                                                                                     (All amounts in Rs. Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)


12. Property, plant and equipment


March 31, 2026
Particulars                                                              Gross block                                             Accumulated depreciation                          Net block

                                                As at                                            As at            As at        Depreciation for                    As at                As at
                                                                   Additions        Deletion                                                              Deletion
                                                    April 1, 2025                                 March 31, 2026    April 1, 2025       the Year                 March 31, 2026      March 31, 2026

Right to use - Leasehold Land (refer note a & c)            170.49                 -                      -               170.49             2.26                1.80              -                4.06                    166.43
Plant and Equipment (refer note d)                        832.00          335.98             7.82           1,160.16          132.76              89.11         0.67           221.20                    938.96
Computer                                                  5.48           21.58                   -                27.06             3.90                2.52              -                6.42                     20.64
Furniture & Fixtures                                       11.18            5.59                   -                16.77             3.09                1.19              -                4.28                     12.49
Office Equipment                                           7.75            3.23                   -                10.98             4.96                1.74              -                6.70                      4.28
Electric Fittings                                             5.08                 -                      -                 5.08             2.77                0.88              -                3.65                      1.43
Vehicle                                                                      -              7.67             2.28               5.39                  -                  0.69         0.09              0.60                      4.79
Total                                             1,031.98        374.05          10.10         1,395.93         149.73             97.93        0.76         246.91                1,149.02


March 31, 2025 :
Particulars                                                              Gross block                                             Accumulated depreciation                          Net block

                                                As at                                            As at            As at        Depreciation for                    As at                As at
                                                                   Additions        Deletion                                                              Deletion
                                                    April 1, 2024                                 March 31, 2025    April 1, 2024       the year                  March 31, 2025      March 31, 2025

Right to use - Leasehold Land (refer note a & c)            170.49                 -                      -               170.49             0.46                1.80              -                2.26                    168.23
Plant and Equipment (refer note d)                        557.26          278.28             3.54             832.00           64.66               68.52         0.42           132.76                    699.24
Computer                                                  5.48                 -                      -                 5.48             2.69                1.21              -                3.90                      1.58
Furniture & Fixtures                                        9.99            1.19                   -                11.18             2.09                1.00              -                3.09                      8.09
Office Equipment                                           7.56            0.19                   -                 7.75             3.49                1.47              -                4.96                      2.79
Electric Fittings                                             4.69            0.39                   -                 5.08             1.82                0.95              -                2.77                      2.31
Vehicles                                                                     -                    -                      -                        -                     -                         -                 -                      -                                  -
Total                                             755.47        280.05            3.54         1,031.98          75.20             74.95        0.42         149.73                 882.24

a) During the financial year 2023-24, the Company took a land on lease from Yamuna Expressway Industrial Development Authorities (YEIDA) for the purpose of setting up Biochemistry Analyser Plant under Industrial Scheme
of YEIDA. The leasehold land is for a period of 90 years. As per the lease term, the Company has paid lease premium including incidental charges of Rs. 67.44 lakhs upfront and the balance amount is payable in 10 equal half-
yearly installments of Rs. 10.30 lakhs commenced from October 17, 2023. During the previous year, the Company has fully paid the balance installments of leasehold land.


b) The Plant and Equipments as at March 31, 2026 include the assets having a Gross block of Rs. 996.43 lakhs (Net Block Rs.828.14 lakhs) held with third parties [March 31, 2025: Gross block of Rs. 693.85 lakhs (Net Block Rs.
600.79 lakhs)].

c) Leasehold Land at Plot No 70, Sector-28, YEIDA, Greater Noida is hypocated against term-loan from the financial institution. (Refer Note 5)

d) All the Plant and Equipments at Noida Sector 11 production unit are hypocated against term-loan from the banks. (Refer Note 8)

e) Also, refer note -43
[page 95]
                                                                                     Avience Biomedicals Limited
                                                                           (Formerly Known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited)
                                                                    Notes to the Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2026
                                                                                             CIN- U74999DL2019PLC359158
                                                                                                         (All amounts in Rs. Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)


    13 Capital Work in Progress


                                                                                      As at March 31, 2026                                                 As at March 31, 2025

                                 Particulars                            As at                       Capatalised during          As at              As at                       Capatalised during       As at
                                                                                      Addition                                                                   Addition
                                                                          April 01, 2025                   the Year/year       March 31, 2026      April 01, 2024                      the year       March 31, 2025

         Projects in progress-Biochemistry Analyser Plant at YIEDA *               461.91         823.37                        -                 1,285.28             2.80          459.11                      -               461.91
                                  Total                                 461.91        823.37                       -               1,285.28            2.80        459.11                     -             461.91
          * Hypocated against term-loan from the financial institution. (Refer Note 5)

13.1   Aging of Capital work in progress as below :


       As at March 31, 2026

                                                                                                   Amount in CWIP for a Year of
        Capital work in progress                                                                                                              More than 3         Total
                                                                                                    Less than 1 year         1-2 years          2-3 years
                                                                                                                                                                years
         Projects in progress-Biochemistry Analyser Plant at YIEDA                                                    823.37                459.11             2.80                 -              1,285.28
                                                   Total                                                  823.37              459.11            2.80                 -            1,285.28


       As at March 31, 2025
                                                                                                   Amount in CWIP for a Year of
        Capital work in progress                                                                                                              More than 3          Total
                                                                                                    Less than 1 year         1-2 years          2-3 years
                                                                                                                                                                years
         Projects in progress-Biochemistry Analyser Plant at YIEDA                                                    459.11                   2.80                   -                    -               461.91
                                                     Total                                                  459.11                 2.80                  -                    -             461.91


13.2   The Company does not have any CWIP which is overdue or exceeded to its cost compared to its original plan.





                                                                                                              ----- The space has been intentionally left blank -----
[page 96]
                                                       Avience Biomedicals Limited
                                           (Formerly Known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited)
                                     Notes to the Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2026
                                                           CIN- U74999DL2019PLC359158
                                                               (All amounts in Rs. Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

 14  Non-current investments


                                                      Particulars                                                         As at             As at
                                                                                                  March 31, 2026    March 31, 2025

      Non-trade, unquoted, at cost
      Equity shares in subsidiary company
      3,34,999 (previous year: 3,34,999) fully paid up equity shares of Rs.10 each held in
                                                                                                                         572.98             572.98      DR Meditech Surgical and Diagnostics (India) Private Limited
      Total                                                                                                  572.98           572.98
      Aggregate book value of unquoted non-current investments                                                             572.98             572.98
      Aggregate book value of quoted non-current investments and market value thereof                                                          -                         -
      Aggregate provision for diminuation in value of non-current investments                                                                       -                         -


 14.1
     The Company vide a share purchase agreement (SPA) dated August 08, 2023, purchased a total 3,34,999 number of equity shares of Rs. 10 each fully
      paid up in DR Meditech Surgical and Diagonostics (India) Private Limited (DR Meditech) to gain a (99.99% holding) from its shareholders Mr. Dharam Deo
     Chaudhary (2,42,499 no. of equity shares) and Mr. Ram Nagina Chaudhary (92,500 no. of equity shares). As per the SPA, the shares were bought at Rs.
      171.04 per equity share for a total consideration of Rs. 572.98 lakhs. The Company paid the purchase consideration by way of issue of 4,58,385 number
      of its own equity shares @ Rs 125 per share (including premium of Rs 115 per share) aggregating to Rs 572.98 lakhs and fraction of Rs. 100 in cash. On
      account of such purchase of equity shares by the Company, DR Meditech Surgical and Diagonostics (India) Private Limited became a wholly owned
      subsidiary of the Company w.e.f August 08, 2023.

 14.2 There are no significant restrictions on the right of ownership, realisability of investments or the remittance of income and proceeds of disposal.


                                                                                                                 As at             As at
 15  Long term loans and advances
                                                                                                  March 31, 2026    March 31, 2025
     Unsecured, considered good, unless otherwise stated
      Capital advance*                                                                                                   205.27             111.02
                                                                                                           205.27           111.02


      *Includes an amount of Rs. 79.52 lakhs (March 31, 2025: Rs. 68.18 lakhs) paid by the Company in respect of an Industrial Land alloted under Udyog Bandu
      Nivesh Mitra at Greater Noida for a lease Year of 90 years as per the allotment letter dated October 16, 2020. Out of total value of land, Rs. 79.52 lakhs.
      (including interest of Rs. 12.64 lakhs) has been paid by the Company. The possession of the land is yet to be received.


15.1 No receivables are due from directors or other officers of the Company either severally or jointly with other person or from firms or private companies
       in which any director is a partner, director or a member.

 16  Other Non-Current Assets
                                                                                                                 As at             As at
                                                                                                  March 31, 2026    March 31, 2025
     Unsecured, Considered Good, unless otherwise stated
      Security Deposit                                                                                                        6.40               6.26
      Fixed deposits with banks having more than 12 months maturity*                                                           1.37               2.37
                                                                                                                 7.77              8.63
      *represents the fixed deposits hypothecated/liened against loan and bank guarantees


 17  Inventories (Valued at cost or net realisable value, whichever is lower)
                                                                                                                 As at             As at
                                                                                                  March 31, 2026    March 31, 2025
     Raw Materials and packing material*                                                                                 130.01              98.18
       Work-in-progress                                                                                                  147.00             106.62
       Finished goods                                                                                                    227.98             126.04
       Stock-in-trade*                                                                                                    508.53             482.98
                                                                                                             1,013.52           813.82
        * Individual items in value do not amount for more than 10% of total value


                                                                 ----- The space has been intentionally left blank -----
[page 97]
                                                      Avience Biomedicals Limited
                                          (Formerly Known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited)
                                    Notes to the Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2026
                                                           CIN- U74999DL2019PLC359158
                                                              (All amounts in Rs. Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

18  Trade receivables
                                                                                                                As at             As at
                                                                                                 March 31, 2026    March 31, 2025
     Unsecured
       - considered good                                                                                                   1,143.82             889.01
       - considered doubtful                                                                                                38.04              14.59
      Less: Provision for doubtful receivables                                                                                      (38.04)             (14.59)
                                                                                                            1,143.82           889.01

     Trade Receivables Ageing Schedule
     As at March 31, 2026
                 Particulars                                   Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
                                       Less than 6    6 months-
                                                                    1-2 years          2-3 years       More than 3 years          Total
                                   months       1 year
       (i) Undisputed Trade Receivables
                                            720.94          311.05            57.48                        -                             -             1,089.47
     considered good
        (ii) Undisputed Trade Receivables
                                                                 -                    -                      -                  1.88                   4.20               6.08
     considered doubtful
        (iii) Disputed Trade Receivables
                                                1.40            7.66            38.05                 2.11                   5.13              54.35
     considered good
       (iv) Disputed Trade Receivables
                                                                 -             1.83                    -                 18.54                 11.59              31.96
     considered doubtful
     Total                                  722.34          320.54            95.53               22.53                 20.92            1,181.86
      Less: Provision for doubtful debts                 -              (1.83)                   -                 (20.42)                 (15.79)             (38.04)
     Total trade receivables               722.34        318.71          95.53               2.11                 5.13         1,143.82

     As at March 31, 2025
                 Particulars                                   Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
                                       Less than 6    6 months-
                                                                    1-2 years          2-3 years       More than 3 years          Total
                                   months       1 year
       (i) Undisputed Trade Receivables
                                            804.64           30.52            13.46               10.80                           -              859.42
     considered good
        (ii) Undisputed Trade Receivables
                                                                 -                    -                      -                  0.22                   0.11               0.33
     considered doubtful
        (iii) Disputed Trade Receivables
                                                6.53            5.36            12.03                 5.67                           -                29.59
     considered good
       (iv) Disputed Trade Receivables
                                                                 -                    -               5.16                 8.50                   0.60              14.26
     considered doubtful
     Total                                  811.17           35.88            30.64               25.19                   0.71             903.60
      Less: Provision for doubtful debts
                                                                 -                    -               (5.16)                 (8.72)                   (0.71)             (14.59)

     Total trade receivables               811.17         35.88          25.48             16.47                           -            889.01

18.1 No trade receivables are due from directors or other officers of the Company either severally or jointly with other person or from firms or private
     companies in which any director is respectively a partner, director or a member.


19  Cash and Bank balances
                                                                                                                As at             As at
                                                                                                 March 31, 2026    March 31, 2025
     Balances with banks;
     -On current account                                                                                               204.15             400.29
     Cash on hand                                                                                                           2.53               3.44
                                                                                                                        206.68             403.73
     Other Bank Balances:
     Deposits with original maturity of more than 3 months and remaining maturity upto 12 months*                            73.25              71.67
                                                                                                          279.93           475.40

      *Includes fixed deposit of Rs 30.00 lakhs (Previous year : 30.00 lakhs) deposited as a collateral security and Rs 0.11 lakhs (Previous year: Rs 0.11 lakhs)
     held under lien.
[page 98]
                                                      Avience Biomedicals Limited
                                           (Formerly Known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited)
                                     Notes to the Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2026
                                                           CIN- U74999DL2019PLC359158
                                                               (All amounts in Rs. Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

 20  Short term loan and advances
                                                                                                                As at             As at
                                                                                                  March 31, 2026    March 31, 2025
     Unsecured, considered good, unless otherwise stated
     Advance to suppliers                                                                                                 13.13                8.01
     Advance to Employees                                                                                                  7.62                6.93
     Balance with government authorities                                                                                  65.97              104.50
      Earnest Money Deposits                                                                                               16.57                1.68
      Prepaid Expense*                                                                                                    38.15               16.55
                                                                                                           141.44           137.67
      *includes expense incurred of Rs 36.23 lakhs (March 31, 2025 : Rs 15.39 lakhs) incurred in relation to ensuing SME IPO


20.1 No trade receivables are due from directors or other officers of the Company either severally or jointly with other person or from firms or private
     companies in which any director is respectively a partner, director or a member.

                                                                                                                As at             As at
 21  Other current assets
                                                                                                  March 31, 2026    March 31, 2025
      Interest accrued on fixed deposits                                                                                       2.06               4.16
                                                                                                                 2.06              4.16





                                                                 ----- The space has been intentionally left blank -----
[page 99]
                                                      Avience Biomedicals Limited
                                           (Formerly Known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited)
                                     Notes to the Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2026
                                                           CIN- U74999DL2019PLC359158
                                                               (All amounts in Rs. Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

                                                                                                          Year Ended       Year Ended
 22  Revenue from operations
                                                                                                  March 31, 2026    March 31, 2025

      Sale of products (Refer Note 22.1)                                                                                    3,499.52           2,878.32
      Sale of Service - Maintenance of instruments                                                                           31.95              10.63
                                                                                                             3,531.47         2,888.95
22.1  Notes
      Details of sale of products:
     Manufactured
      Viral Transport Solution                                                                                                 6.98               19.88
     Rapid Cards                                                                                                       466.58              229.94
     Regents and Lab Consumables                                                                                       337.28              476.45
      Instruments                                                                                                       166.02              63.01
                                                                                                           976.86           789.27


     Traded
      Instruments                                                                                                       638.18             755.24
     Regents and Lab Consumables                                                                                        1,884.49            1,333.81
                                                                                                             2,522.66         2,089.05

      Total                                                                                                   3,499.52         2,878.32


                                                                                                          Year Ended       Year Ended
 23  Other Income
                                                                                                  March 31, 2026    March 31, 2025
      Interest income;
         -On bank deposit                                                                                                   6.28               2.02
     Net gain on foreign currency transaction and translation                                                                   4.00               5.90
      Export Incentives                                                                                                       1.03              11.38
     Other incentives and discounts                                                                                          4.98              39.35
       Liability no longer required written back                                                                                                            -                 2.57
     Net gain on sale of Property, plant and equipment                                                                        0.44               0.88
      Reversal of excess provision for gratuity (Refer note no. 35)                                                               1.18                      -
      Insurance claim                                                                                                                                           -                 0.66
      Miscellaneous income                                                                                                   0.45               2.05
                                                                                                             18.36            64.81

                                                                                                          Year Ended       Year Ended
 24  Cost of material consumed
                                                                                                  March 31, 2026    March 31, 2025
    Raw Materials and packing material*
     Opening stock                                                                                                       98.18              99.54
     Add: Purchases                                                                                                     602.83             333.39
      Less: Closing stock                                                                                                 130.01              98.18
     Cost of material consumed                                                                               571.00           334.75

     *Raw Materials comprise RTPCR,Tube,VTM,Q.C Lab,VTM Chemicals,Microbiology chemicals,Uncut Sheets,Plastic Cassets. Individual items in value do not
     amount for more than 10% of total value

                                                                                                          Year Ended       Year Ended
 25  Purchases of Stock-in-trade
                                                                                                  March 31, 2026    March 31, 2025
      Stock-in-trade*                                                                                                      1,500.04           1,412.86
                                                                                                             1,500.04         1,412.86

      *Stock-in-trade include Regents and instruments namely Auto Hematology analyser, Diluents, Bio-Chemistry Analyser and Oxygen Concentrators.
      Individual items in value do not amount for more than 10% of total value


                                                                                                          Year Ended       Year Ended
 26  Changes in inventories of finished goods, work-in-progress and Stock-in-trade
                                                                                                  March 31, 2026    March 31, 2025
      Closing stock
      Finished goods                                                                                                     227.98             126.04
      Work-in-progress                                                                                                   147.00             106.62
      Stock-in-Trade                                                                                                     508.53             482.98
      Total                                                                                                 883.51           715.64
     Opening stock
      Finished goods                                                                                                     126.04              51.30
      Work-in-progress                                                                                                   106.62               6.40
      Stock-in-Trade                                                                                                     482.98             628.90
      Total                                                                                                 715.64           686.60
     Net decrease/(increase) in inventories                                                                           (167.87)            (29.04)
[page 100]
                                                      Avience Biomedicals Limited
                                          (Formerly Known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited)
                                    Notes to the Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2026
                                                          CIN- U74999DL2019PLC359158
                                                              (All amounts in Rs. Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

                                                                                                         Year Ended       Year Ended
27  Employee benefit expenses
                                                                                                 March 31, 2026    March 31, 2025
     Salaries and wages                                                                                                 287.99             193.72
     Contribution to Provident and Other funds (refer note 35)                                                                 5.77               5.09
     Gratuity Expense (Note 35)                                                                                                                             -                 5.48
     Staff welfare expenses                                                                                                  5.29               2.21
                                                                                                          299.05           206.50


                                                                                                         Year Ended       Year Ended
28   Finance Cost
                                                                                                 March 31, 2026    March 31, 2025
      Interest on:
     -cash credit from banks                                                                                               48.32              34.29
     -term loan from banks                                                                                                  4.64               6.81
     -working capital loan                                                                                                    0.26               5.99
     -deferred payment liablity                                                                                                                              -                 4.58
     -payables to micro and small enterprises (Refer Note 33)                                                                  0.90               1.32
     -delayed payment of statutory dues                                                                                      0.01               0.02
    Other Borrowing Costs:
     -Loan processing charges                                                                                                8.30               8.01
                                                                                                             62.43            61.02


                                                                                                         Year Ended       Year Ended
29  Depreciation expense
                                                                                                 March 31, 2026    March 31, 2025
      Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (refer note 12)                                                          97.93              74.95
                                                                                                            97.93             74.95


                                                                                                         Year Ended       Year Ended
30  Other expenses
                                                                                                 March 31, 2026    March 31, 2025
     Business promotion                                                                                                    36.93             34.68
    Commission                                                                                                             1.54               0.21
     Expenditure on CSR activities (refer note 43)                                                                              7.70                    -
     Discount Expense                                                                                                        1.77             26.29
     Freight & Cartage outward (Net of recovery)                                                                            37.98             19.69
     Insurance                                                                                                               2.58               1.46
     Legal and professional expenses (Refer note 31)#                                                                           5.87             26.38
     Office expense                                                                                                          6.06               2.60
    Power & fuel                                                                                                         14.30             11.70
     Printing and stationary expenses                                                                                          4.66               1.27
     Rates & taxes                                                                                                           1.23               3.49
    Rent (Refer Note 34)                                                                                                  36.08             29.11
     Repairs
         -To machinery                                                                                                      2.36               2.62
         -To others                                                                                                          1.63               0.86
     Travelling expenses                                                                                                   35.15             21.08
     Provision for doubtful debts                                                                                            23.52             13.65
    Bank charges                                                                                                         15.52               2.79
     Miscellaneous expenses                                                                                                  4.14               0.82
                                                                                                          239.02           198.70

    # includes professional fees paid to a director(relative of a director till August 23, 2024) Rs. NIL (Previous year: Rs 7.06 lakhs)
31  Payments to auditors (excluding GST)
                                                                                                         Year Ended       Year Ended
                                                                                                 March 31, 2026    March 31, 2025
    As Auditor:
      - For Statutory audit                                                                                                    3.00               3.00
      - For Special Purpose Audit                                                                                              4.50               2.50
      Out-of-pocket expenses                                                                                                0.14               0.25
                                                                                                                7.64              5.75


                                                                                                         Year Ended       Year Ended
32   Prior period items
                                                                                                 March 31, 2026    March 31, 2025
     Prior period expenses :-
     Director remuneration (for the period Jan-Mar 2024)                                                                                             -                 7.50
                                                                                                                                                                    -                 7.50
[page 101]
                                                      Avience Biomedicals Limited
                                          (Formerly Known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited)
                                    Notes to the Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2026
                                                           CIN- U74999DL2019PLC359158
                                                              (All amounts in Rs. Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)


33   Details of dues to micro and small enterprises as per Micro, Small and Medium Enterprise Development
      Particular                                                                                                   As at             As at
                                                                                                 March 31, 2026    March 31, 2025
    The principal amount and the interest due thereon remaining unpaid to any supplier as at the end of each
     accounting year included in:

       - Principal amount due to micro and small enterprises                                                                   43.34              10.46
       - Interest due on above                                                                                                                                  -                         -

    The amount of interest paid by the buyer in terms of section 16 of the MSMED Act, 2006 along with the
     amounts of the payment made to the supplier beyond appointed day.                                                      0.00               0.89

    The amount of interest due and payable for the Year of delay in making payment (which have been paid
     but beyond the appointment day during the year) but without adding the interest specified under the                  0.90               1.32
    MSMED Act, 2006.

    The amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid at the end of each accounting year.                                   2.32               1.41

    The amount of further interest remaining due and payable even in the succeeding years, until such date
    when the interest dues as above are actually paid to small enterprises for the purpose of disallowance as a                  1.41               0.09
     deductible under section 23 of the MSMED Act, 2006.


     Note: The information furnished above has been determined to the extent such parties have been identified based on information available with the
     Management.


34  Leases:
    The Company has lease arrangement for the office and factory premises. The leases are cancellable and ranges for the period between 1-3 year.


      Particular                                                                                                   As at             As at
                                                                                                 March 31, 2026    March 31, 2025

 a)   Lease payment recognised in the statement of Profit and Loss in respect of all leases                                       36.08              29.11


 b)  With respect to non-cancellable lease, the future minimum lease payments are as follows:
     Not later than one year                                                                                                                                  -                 3.41
     Later than one year and not later than five years                                                                                                  -                         -
     Later than five years                                                                                                                                     -                         -

35  Employee Benefit Expenses:


35.1 Defined Contribution Plan
    The Company makes contributions, determined as a specified percentage of employee salaries, in respect of qualifying employees towards Provident
     and employee Insurance Funds (ESI), which are defined contribution plans. The contributions are charged to the Statement of Profit and Loss as they
     accrue. The Company has no obligation other than to make the specified contributions. The amount recognised as an expense towards contribution to
     Provident fund and ESI for the year aggregated to Rs. 5.78 lakhs (Previous year: Rs. 5.09 lakhs)


35.2 Defined Benefit Plan
    The Company has a defined benefit gratuity plan. Every employee who has completed five years or more of service gets a gratuity on separation or
     retirement at 15 days salary (last drawn salary) for each completed year of service or part thereof in excess of six months. The following tables
     summarise the components of net benefit expense recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss and the amounts recognized in the balance sheet for
      gratuity plan.


    Movement in net defined benefit (asset)/liability on Gratuity plan

        i) Expenses Recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss for the Year
      Particulars                                                                                           Year Ended       Year Ended
                                                                                                 March 31, 2026    March 31, 2025
     Current service cost                                                                                                     4.03               2.29
     Past service cost                                                                                                                                           -                3.06
      Interest cost                                                                                                            0.48               0.13
     Net actuarial (gain) /loss recognized in the year                                                                                (5.69)                       -
     Expense recognised in the statement of profit and loss                                                                 (1.18)             5.48
[page 102]
                                                       Avience Biomedicals Limited
                                           (Formerly Known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited)
                                     Notes to the Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2026
                                                           CIN- U74999DL2019PLC359158
                                                               (All amounts in Rs. Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

         ii) Reconciliation of Present Value of Defined Benefit Obligation                                              Year Ended       Year Ended
                                                                                                  March 31, 2026    March 31, 2025
      Denefined Benefit obligation                                                                                             6.10               7.29
       Fair value of plan assets                                                                                                                                  -                         -
     Net (assets)/liablity recognised in balance sheet                                                                   6.10              7.29


         iii) Change in the present value of the defined benefit obligation                                             Year Ended       Year Ended
                                                                                                  March 31, 2026    March 31, 2025
     Opening defined benefit obligation                                                                                       7.29               1.81
      Interest cost                                                                                                            0.48               0.13
      Current service cost                                                                                                     4.03               2.29
      Past service cost                                                                                                                                           -                3.06
      Actuarial (gains)/loss on obligation                                                                                              (5.69)                       -
      Closing defined benefit obligation                                                                               6.11              7.29


      Disclosed as :
      -Long Term Provisions (Note-7)                                                                                           5.95               5.24
      -Short Term Provisions (Note-11)                                                                                          0.15               2.05
                                                                                                                  6.10             7.29

       iv) The principle assumptions used in determinating gratuity
      a) Economic assumptios                                                                                Year Ended  Year ended March
                                                                                                  March 31, 2026          31, 2025
         i) Discount rate                                                                                                    7.15%             6.54%
         ii) Future salary increase                                                                                          10.00%             8.00%
         iii) Expected Rate of return on plan assets                                                             N A            N A


      b) Demographic assumptions                                                                            Year Ended  Year ended March
                                                                                                  March 31, 2026          31, 2025
         i) Retirement age                                                                                 60 years         60 years
         ii) Withdrawal/Attrition Rate
      Year 1                                                                                                     18%              40%
      Year 2                                                                                                     10%              30%
      Year 3                                                                                                     10%              20%
      Year 4                                                                                                     10%              10%
      Year 5+                                                                                                    10%              10%
         iii) Mortality table                                                                                        IALM 2012-14       IALM 2012-14



35.3
     On November 21, 2025, the Government of India notified four Labour Codes - the Code on Wages, 2019, the Industrial Relations Code, 2020, the Code on
      Social Security, 2020, and the Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020 - consolidating 29 existing labour laws. The Ministry of
      Labour & Employment published draft Central Rules and FAQs to enable assessment of the financial impact due to changes in regulations. The Company
      has assessed the same & taken the necessary impact of these changes and to the best information available, consistent with the guidance provided by
      the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. The Company continues to monitor the finalisation of Central/ State Rules and clarifications from the
     Government on other aspects of the Labour Code and would provide appropriate accounting effect (if any) on the basis of such developments if needed.
[page 103]
                                                      Avience Biomedicals Limited
                                          (Formerly Known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited)
                                    Notes to the Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2026
                                                          CIN- U74999DL2019PLC359158
                                                              (All amounts in Rs. Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
36  Related party disclosures (as per Accounting Standard-18)

  I   Names of related parties and nature of relationship:

(a)  Where control exist:
     Subsidiary                                                :          DR Meditech Surgical and Diagnostics (India) Private Limited

(b)  Other related parties where transactions have taken place during the year :

    Key Managerial Personnel (KMP)                    :            Mr. Dharam Deo Choudhary, Managing Director
                                                                   :            Mr. Ram Nagina Choudhary, Whole Time Director
                                                                   :            Mr. Janardan Pal ,Non Executive Director (Executive Director till August 23, 2024)
                                                                   :            Mrs. Deepa Choudhary, Director (w.e.f August 23, 2024)
                                                                   :            Mr. Manoj Kumar Agrawal, Independent Director (August 23, 2024 to November 29, 2024)
                                                                   :            Mr. Pankaj Sharma, Independent Director (w.e.f August 23, 2024)
                                                                   :            Mr. Om Prakash Pal, Additional Director

     Relatives of KMP's                                      :            Mr. Aditya Pal
                                                                   :            Mrs Geeta Chaudhary

 II   Trasanctions with related parties during the year :                                                         Year Ended       Year Ended
                                                                                                 March 31, 2026    March 31, 2025
      (a) Issue of shares
    Mr Dharam Deo Chaudhary                                                                                                                              -                33.18
    Mr Ram Nagina Chaudhary                                                                                                                              -                12.66
                                                                                                                                                                     -              45.84
     (b) Share premium received
    Mr Dharam Deo Chaudhary                                                                                                                              -              381.59
    Mr Ram Nagina Chaudhary                                                                                                                              -              145.55
                                                                                                                                                                     -            527.14

      (c) Loan taken from/(repayment to) directors (net)
     Mr. Dharam Deo Choudhary                                                                                                  (56.69)              36.97
     Mr. Ram Nagina Choudhary                                                                                                      (4.00)            (172.02)
                                                                                                                       (60.69)          (135.05)
     (d) Legal and professional fees
      Mrs. Deepa Choudhary                                                                                                                                  -                 7.06

      (e) Sale of products
    DR Meditech Surgical and Diagnostics (India) Private Limited                                                            488.64             567.04

       (f) Purchases of Stock-in-trade
    DR Meditech Surgical and Diagnostics (India) Private Limited                                                             17.01             128.87

      (g) Purchases of Raw material
    DR Meditech Surgical and Diagnostics (India) Private Limited                                                               7.77               5.65

     (h) Remuneration
     Mr. Dharma Deo Chaudhary                                                                                           30.00              37.50
     Mr. Ram Nagina Chaudhary                                                                                            12.00               7.29
     Mr. Janardan Pal                                                                                                                                          -                 2.35
     Mrs. Deepa Chaudhary                                                                                                24.00              14.58
     Mr. Aditya Pal                                                                                                          5.22               1.12
                                                                                                             71.22             62.84
       (j) Director sitting fees
     Mr. Janardhan Pal                                                                                                      0.95               0.45
     Mr. Om Prakash Pal                                                                                                     1.30               0.30
     Mr. Manoj Kumar Agarwal                                                                                                                               -                 0.10
     Mr. Pankaj Sharma                                                                                                      1.20               0.45
                                                                                                                3.45               1.30
[page 104]
                                                       Avience Biomedicals Limited
                                           (Formerly Known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited)
                                     Notes to the Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2026
                                                            CIN- U74999DL2019PLC359158
                                                                (All amounts in Rs. Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

   III   Balance outstanding at the year end:                                                                     Year Ended       Year Ended
                                                                                                  March 31, 2026    March 31, 2025
      Advances from customer
     DR Meditech Surgical and Diagnostics (India) Private Limited                                                            337.54             160.08

      Remuneration payable
     Mr Dharam Deo Chaudhary                                                                                               2.16              26.70
      Mr. Ram Nagina Chaudhary                                                                                              9.03               1.98
     Mr Janardhan Pal                                                                                                       1.24               1.94
      Mrs Deepa Chaudhary                                                                                                   1.85              10.25
      Mr. Aditya Pal                                                                                                          0.50               0.31
                                                                                                              14.78             41.18
      Director sitting fees Payable*
      Mr. Janardhan Pal                                                                                                      0.76               0.41
      Mr. Om Prakash Pal                                                                                                     1.44               0.27
      Mr. Pankaj Sharma                                                                                                      1.48               0.41
                                                                                                                 3.68              1.09
     Loan Payable
      Mr. Dharam Deo Choudhary                                                                                          207.55             264.23
      Mr. Ram Nagina Choudhary                                                                                           15.00              19.00
      Mr. Janardan Pal                                                                                                     18.39              18.39
                                                                                                           240.94           301.62

  IV  Guarantee given by the company on behalf of related parties:
     The Company has given a corporate guarantee of Rs. 500.00 lakhs (March31, 2025: Nil) in favour of ICICI bank, against cash credit facility availed by its
       subsidiary company DR Meditech Surgical and Diagnostics(India) Private Limited.

      Notes :
36.1 The Information has been determined to the extent such parties have been identified by the management on the basis of information available with
      them.

36.2 Key management personnels i.e Mr. Dharam Deo Choudhary, Mr. Janardhan Pal, Mr. Ram Nagina Choudhary and Mrs. Deepa Choudhary and their relative
      Mrs. Geeta Choudhary have given personal guarantees against Cash Credit facilities availed from banks. Refer Note 8.

*36.3 Sitting fees of Rs. 0.09 lakhs (previous year: 0.09 lakhs) payable to Mr. Manoj Kumar Agarwal, has not been disclosed as he was not a KMP on March 31,
      2026 and March 31, 2025.

                                                                  ----- The space has been intentionally left blank -----
[page 105]
                                           Avience Biomedicals Limited
                                          (Formerly Known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited)
                                    Notes to the Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2026
                                                          CIN- U74999DL2019PLC359158
                                                             (All amounts in Rs. Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

37  Earning per share- Basic and Diluted
                                                               Units                                         As at               As at
     Particulars
                                                                                            March 31, 2026      March 31, 2025
      Profit attributable to the equity shareholders (A)         Rs. lakhs                                                   673.33               500.21
     Total shares outstanding as at the end of the year            No's                                                  40,31,256            40,31,256
    Weighted average number of equity shares                   No's                                                  40,31,256            37,93,890
     outstanding during the year (B)
     Basic and Diluted earning per share (A/B) (Rs.)               Rs.                                                       16.70                13.19
     Nominal value per equity shares                              Rs.                                                      10.00                10.00
     Note: The Company did not have any potential dilutive equity shares at the year end.

38  Unhedged foreign currency exposures


     Particulars                                                         As at March 31, 2026               As at March 31, 2025
                                                              Amount
                                                                                        Amount
                                                                                         (in Foreign    Amount in                        Amount in
                                                                                                                         (in Foreign Currency)
                                                                        Currency)      Rs.lakhs                                 Rs.lakhs
                                                                                                                        (lakhs)
                                                                                     (lakhs)
    Trade Receivable
     United States Dollars                                                                                  -                 -                    3.59               307.98


39   a) Value of imports on CIF Basis                                                                      As at               As at
                                                                                            March 31, 2026      March 31, 2025
    Raw Material                                                                                                      58.19               54.05


     b) Value of export on FOB
     Manufactured Goods                                                                                               53.11               524.30


40  Segment Reporting

     Primary Segment : Business

     As the Company’s business activities falls within a single business segment i.e. "Medical devices and related products", there are no other primary
     reportable segments. Thus, the segment disclosures as required under "Accounting Standard-17: Segment reporting" are the same as reflected in the
      financial statements.


    Secondary Segment : Geographical

    The Company predominently sells its products to customers located in India and does not have any operation in economic environment with different
      risk and returns whose revenue from sales is 10% or more of total revenue of the Company. Accordingly, disclosures to be provided in respect of
     secondary segment under "Accounting Standard-17: Segment Reporting" are the same as reflected in the Financial Statements.


                                                                                                      As at               As at
 41  Contingent liabilities and commitments
                                                                                            March 31, 2026      March 31, 2025
(a)  Guarantees given by the compnay on the behalf of:
         - subsidiary company*                                                                                        500

(b)  Estimated value of contracts on capital account (net of capital                                                                             -                 100.72
     advances), remaining to be executed and not provided for

      * Represent corporate guarantee given by the company in favour of ICICI bank, against cash credit facility availed by its subsidiary company DR
     Meditech Surgical and Diagnostics(India) Private Limited. Also refer Note 36(IV)

                                                               ----- The space has been intentionally left blank -----
[page 106]
                                          Avience Biomedicals Limited
                                         (Formerly Known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited)
                                   Notes to the Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2026
                                                         CIN- U74999DL2019PLC359158
                                                            (All amounts in Rs. Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
42  Ratios


                                                     For the year     For the year
       S. No.         Ratio            Calculation          ended         Ended        Variance      Reason for Variance more than 25%
                                                March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025

         1      Current Ratio   Current                            1.20             1.39         -14%
                                 Assets/Current
         2     Debt Equity     Total Debt/                        0.70             0.67          5%
                 Ratio           Shareholders Equity
         3     Debt Service    Earnings for debt                 16.09              4.95        225%
               Coverage Ratio  service/ Debt Service                                                   During the previous year, the Company fully
                                                                                                       paid the  deferred payment liablity of land
                                                                                                       located at medical device park, YEIDA. Also,
                                                                                                     there has been an increase in profit during
                                                                                                   the year, resulting in improvement in ratio.

         4      Return on      Net Income (After                28.26%          37.65%         -25%
                 Equity          Tax)/Average
                                Shareholders Equity
         5      Inventory       Net Sales/ Average                 3.87             3.61          7%
         6     Trade          Net credit sales/                   3.47             5.11         -32%
                                                                                        The  variation  in  the  Trade  Receivables
                Receivables     Average accounts
                                                                                                  Turnover Ratio is primarily attributable to a
                turnover ratio   receivable
                                                                                                          proportionately    higher    closing    trade
                                                                                                           receivables balance compared to the increase
                                                                                                                      in net  credit  sales  during the  year. The
                                                                                                          increase in receivables was mainly due to the
                                                                                                        timing  of  collections and extended  credit
                                                                                                            cycles  for  certain  customers,  which   is
                                                                                               expected   to   normalize   with  improved
                                                                                                               collection   efficiency   in  the  subsequent
                                                                                                           period.

         7     Trade payables  Total purchase/                    4.17             4.17          0%
                turnover ratio   Average account
                               payable
         8     Net capital     Net sales/Average                  6.52           107.53         -94% In  the  year  prior  to  the  last  year,  the
                turnover ratio   working capital                                              Company  had  negative  working  capital,
                                                                                                                 resulting  in  a  significantly  low  average
                                                                                                  working capital for the last year, leading in
                                                                                                       very high ratio in the previous year

         9     Net profit ratio  Net profit/sales                  19.07%          17.32%         10%
        10     Return on       EBIT/Capital Employed           27.56%          27.83%          -1%
                 Capital
              employed
        11     Return on      Income     generated                  Nil                 Nil         0%
                investment*    from      investments
                              /Average investments

    1. Earnings for debt service = Net Profit before taxes + Non-cash operating expenses+ Interest
    2. Debt service = Interest+ Principal Payments
    *Return on investment is not calculated since the Company does not have any income from investment.
[page 107]
                                          Avience Biomedicals Limited
                                         (Formerly Known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited)
                                   Notes to the Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2026
                                                         CIN- U74999DL2019PLC359158
                                                            (All amounts in Rs. Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
43  Expenditure on Corporate Social Responsibility Expenses (CSR) activities:
    As per Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with guidelines issued by Department of Public Enterprises (DPE), the Company is required to
    spend, in every financial year, at least two per cent of the average net profits of the Company made during the three immediately preceding financial
    years in accordance with its CSR Policy. The disclosures in respect of CSR activities for the year are as under:



    Particulars                                                                                         Year Ended         Year Ended
                                                                                              March 31, 2026     March 31, 2025
     (a) Gross amount required to be spent by the company during the year,                                                  7.70                        -
     (b) Amount of expenditure incurred by the company on
      (i) Construction / acquisition of any asset                                                                                                       -                          -
      (ii) On purposes other than (i) above                                                                                  7.70                        -
     (c) Set off from excess spent in previous year *
     (d) (Shortfall)/ Excess at the end of the year, [a-(b+c)]                                                                                       -                          -
     (e) total of previous years Excess/(shortfall),                                                                                                   -                          -
     (f) reason for shortfall,                                                                               N/A              N/A
     (g) nature of CSR activities,                                                                           Promoting educational activities
     (h) details of related party transactions, e.g., contribution to a trust controlled by the company in
    relation to CSR expenditure as per relevant Accounting Standard,                                                        Nil                       Nil
      (i) where a provision is made with respect to a liability incurred by entering into a contractual
    obligation, the movements in the provision during the year should be shown separately.

                                                                                                                                     Nil                       Nil
[page 108]
                                            Avience Biomedicals Limited
                                           (Formerly Known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited)
                                     Notes to the Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2026
                                                           CIN- U74999DL2019PLC359158
                                                                (All amounts in Rs. Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)


44   During the year and in the previous year, the Company has not revalued any of its Property, Plant and Equipment.

45   During the year and in the previous year, the Company has not granted any loans or advances to promoters, directors, KMPs and the related parties as

      defined under the act.

46   During the year and in the previous year, no proceedings have been initiated or pending against the company for holding any benami property under

     the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (45 of 1988) and the rules made thereunder.

47   Quarterly returns or statements of current assets filed by the Company in respect of borrowings from banks are in agreement with the books of
      account, except for the quarterly returns or statements filed for the fourth quarter. However, the differences were not material.



48   During the year and in the previous year, the Company has not been declared as wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or other lender.



49  The management confirms that the company had no transaction with any struck off companies during the year (previous year: Nil).

50  The Company has no pending charges or satisfaction which are required to be registered with ROC (previous year: Nil).

51  The Company has not made any investment in Shares / Debenture or other securities through not more than two layers of Investment Company as
      defined under section 186 of the Companies Act 2013.

52   During the year, the Company has not entered into any scheme of arrangement in terms of sections 230 to 237 of the Companies Act, 2013 (previous

      year: Nil).

53  The Company has not advanced or loaned or invested funds (either borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or kind of funds) to any other

      person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Intermediaries) with the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the

      Intermediary shall :

            (i) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Company (Ultimate

      Beneficiaries) or

            (ii) provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;

54  The Company has not received any funds from any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Intermediaries) with the understanding
     (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Company shall :
           (i) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party (Ultimate
      Beneficiaries) or
            (ii) provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;

55   There are no transaction not recorded in the books of account that has been surrendered or disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments
     under the Income Tax Act, 1961.(Previous year: Nil)

56  The Company has not traded or invested in crypto currency or any virtual currency during the year (previous year: Nil).


57   Additional regulatory information" as required to be disclosed under heading Y of paragraph 6 of Part I and "Additional information" under paragraph
       5(ii) of Part II of Division I of Schedule III to the Act, other than those disclosed in the financial statements are either "Nil" or "Not applicable" to the
     Company.

58   Previous year figures have been regrouped or reclassified wherever necessary to conform to the current year's classification.


As per our report of even date

For Haribhakti & Co. LLP                              For and on behalf of Board of Directors of
Chartered Accountants                              Avience Biomedicals Limited
ICAI Firm Registration No.: 103523W/W100048           (Formerly Known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited)

Sd/-                                    Sd/-               Sd/-             Sd/-            Sd/-
Kunj B. Agrawal                               Dharam Deo Choudhary Ram Nagina Choudhary Saurabh Verma      Manoj Kumar
Partner                                            Managing Director      Whole time Director     Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary
Membership No.: 095829                                DIN: 02804625           DIN: 02804667         PAN: ANAPV8729J     Membership No: F8737


Place: New Delhi                                        Place: New Delhi         Place: New Delhi        Place: New Delhi      Place: New Delhi
Date: July 16, 2026                                    Date: July 16, 2026      Date: July 16, 2026     Date: July 16, 2026    Date: July 16, 2026
[page 109]
                    INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

To the Members of Avience Biomedicals Limited (Formerly known as Avience Biomedicals Private
Limited)

Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Opinion

We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Avience Biomedicals Limited
(Formerly known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited) (hereinafter referred to as “the Holding
Company”) and its subsidiary (the Holding Company and its subsidiary together referred to as “the Group”)
comprising of the Consolidated Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2026, the Consolidated Statement of Profit
and Loss and the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the year then ended, and notes to the
consolidated financial statements including a summary of the significant accounting policies and other
explanatory information (hereinafter referred to as “consolidated financial statements”).

In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us and based
on the consideration of reports of other auditor on separate financial statements and on the other financial
information of the subsidiary, the aforesaid consolidated financial statements give the information required
by the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) in the manner so required and give a true and fair view in
conformity with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, of the consolidated state of affairs
of the Group as at March 31, 2026, their consolidated profit and their consolidated cash flows for the year
ended on that date.

Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Standards on Auditing (SAs) specified under section 143(10) of
the Act. Our responsibilities under those Standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities
for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the
Group in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India
(“ICAI”) together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated financial
statements under the provisions of the Act and Rules thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other ethical
responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit
evidence we have obtained  is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion on the
consolidated financial statements.


Other Information

The Holding Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the other information. The other information
comprises the information included in the Holding Company’s Board’s report including Management
Discussion & Analysis, but does not include the standalone financial statements, consolidated financial
statements and our auditor’s report thereon. The Holding Company’s Board Report including Management
Discussion & Analysis is expected to be made available to us after the date of this auditor’s report.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the
other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with
[page 110]
the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be
materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed and the reports of other auditor, we conclude that there is a
material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to
report in this regard.

Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Consolidated Financial
Statements

The Holding Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the preparation and presentation of these
consolidated financial statements in terms of the requirements of the Act that give a true and fair view of
the consolidated financial position, consolidated financial performance and consolidated cash flows of the
Group in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, including the Accounting
Standards prescribed under section 133 of the Act, read with relevant rules issued thereunder. The
respective Board of Directors of the companies included in the Group are responsible for maintenance of
adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding the assets of
the Group and for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; the selection and application
of appropriate accounting policies; making judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and
design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that were operating
effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the
preparation and presentation of the financial statements that give a true and fair view and are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, which have been used for the purpose of preparation
of the consolidated financial statements by the Directors of the Holding Company, as aforesaid.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the respective Board of Directors of the companies
included in the Group are responsible for assessing the ability of the Group to continue as a going concern,
disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting
unless Board of Directors either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic
alternative but to do so.

The respective Board of Directors of the companies included in the Group are responsible for overseeing
the financial reporting process of the Group.

Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as
a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s
report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee
that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate,
they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these
consolidated financial statements. As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional
judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

•   Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
   whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and
    obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of
    not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error,
    as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of
    internal control.
[page 111]
•   Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
    that are appropriate in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible
    for expressing our opinion on whether the Holding Company and its subsidiary company which is
   company incorporated in India, has adequate internal financial controls with reference to financial
    statements in place and the operating effectiveness of such controls.

•   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
    estimates and related disclosures made by management.

•  Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
   based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or
    conditions that may cast significant doubt on the ability of the Group to continue as a going concern.
      If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s
    report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are
    inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to
    the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease
    to continue as a going concern.

•   Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
    including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying
    transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•   Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
    business activities within the Group of which we are the independent auditors, to express an opinion
   on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and
   performance of the audit of the financial statements of such entities included in the consolidated
    financial statements of which we are the independent auditors. For the other entities included in the
    consolidated financial statements, which have been audited by other auditors, such other auditors
   remain responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the audits carried out by them.
   We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with those charged with governance of the Holding Company and such other entities
included in the consolidated financial statements of which we are the independent auditors regarding,
among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including
any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant
ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other
matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related
safeguards.

Other Matters

We did not audit the financial statements of 1 subsidiary company, whose financial statements reflects
total assets of Rs. 2,57,025.38 thousands and net assets of Rs. 1,00,433.25 thousands as at March 31, 2026,
total revenues of Rs. 2,24,303.35 thousands and net cash inflow amounting to Rs. 253.24 thousands for the
year ended on that date, as considered in the consolidated financial statements. These financial
statements have been audited by other auditor whose reports have been furnished to us by the
management and our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, in so far as it relates to the amounts
and disclosures included in respect of subsidiary, and our report in terms of section 143(3) of the Act, in
so far as it relates to the aforesaid subsidiary company is based solely on the reports of the other auditor.
[page 112]
 Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements and our report on Other Legal and Regulatory
 Requirements below, is not modified in respect of the above matters with respect to our reliance on the
 work done and the reports of the other auditor.

 Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements

(1) With respect to the matters specified in paragraphs 3(xxi) and 4 of the Companies (Auditor’s Report)
    Order, 2020 (the “Order”/ “CARO”) issued by the Central Government in terms of section 143(11) of
    the Act, to be included in the Auditor’s report, according to the information and explanations given to
    us, and based on the CARO reports issued by us for the Holding Company and taking into consideration
    the report of other auditor on separate financial statements of subsidiary included in the consolidated
    financial statements of the Holding Company, to which reporting under CARO is applicable, we report
    in “Annexure 1” the details of the qualifications or adverse remarks reported in the aforesaid CARO
    reports.

(2) As required by section 143(3) of the Act, based on our audit and on the consideration of report of the
    other auditor on separate financial statements and the other financial information of subsidiary as
    noted in the Other Matters section above we report, to the extent applicable, that:

      a.  We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our
         knowledge and belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit of the aforesaid consolidated
           financial statements;

      b.   In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law relating to preparation of the aforesaid
          consolidated financial statements have been kept so far as it appears from our examination of
          those books and the reports of the other auditors;

      c.  The Consolidated Balance Sheet, the Consolidated Statement of  Profit and Loss and the
          Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows dealt with by this report are in agreement with the
          relevant books of account maintained for the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial
         statements;

      d.   In our opinion, the aforesaid consolidated financial statements comply with the Accounting
          Standards prescribed under section 133 of the Act read with relevant rules issued thereunder;

      e.  On the basis of the written representations received from the directors of the Holding Company
          as on March 31, 2026 and taken on record by the Board of Directors of the Holding Company and
         the reports of the statutory auditors of its subsidiary company, none of the directors of the Group
         companies, is disqualified as on March 31, 2026 from being appointed as a director in terms of
          section 164(2) of the Act;

       f.   With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls with reference to financial
         statements of the Holding Company and its subsidiary Company, incorporated in India and the
          operating effectiveness of such controls refer to our separate report in “Annexure 2”;

      g.  With respect to the other matter to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with the
         requirements of section 197(16) of the Act, as amended:

           In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us
         By the Holding company and the report of the statutory auditor of its subsidiary company,
[page 113]
    incorporated in India, the remuneration paid/ provided to their directors during the year by the
    Holding Company and subsidiary company incorporated in India  is in accordance with the
     provisions of Section 197 of the Act;

h.  With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule
    11 of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as amended, in our opinion and to the best
     of our information and according to the explanations given to us:

       (i) The Consolidated financial statements disclose the impact of pending litigations on the
         consolidated financial position of the group- Refer Note 39 to the consolidated financial
         statements;

       (ii) The Group did not have any long-term contracts including derivative contracts. Hence, the
         question of any material foreseeable losses does not arise;

       (iii) There were no amounts which were required to be transferred to the Investor Education and
         Protection Fund by the Holding Company and its subsidiary company incorporated in India.

      (iv) (a) Based on our audit report on separate financial statements of the Holding Company and
         consideration of report of the other auditor on separate financial statements of its subsidiary
        company, incorporated in India, whose financial statements have been audited under the
         Act, the management of the Holding Company and the respective management of the
         aforesaid subsidiary, have represented that, to the best of their knowledge and belief, no
         funds have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share
       premium or any other sources or kind of funds) by the Group to or in any other persons or
          entities, including foreign entities (“Intermediaries”), with the understanding, whether
        recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall, whether, directly or indirectly
         lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on
         behalf of the Group (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like
        on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;

          (b) Based on our audit report on separate financial statements of the Holding Company and
         consideration of report of the other auditor on separate financial statements of its subsidiary
        company, incorporated in India, whose financial statements have been audited under the
         Act, the management of the Holding Company and the respective management of the
         aforesaid subsidiary, have represented that, to the best of their knowledge and belief, no
         funds have been received by the Group from any persons or entities, including foreign
          entities (“Funding Parties”), with the understanding, whether recorded  in writing or
         otherwise, that the Group shall, whether, directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other
         persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party
         (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the
         Ultimate Beneficiaries;

          (c) Based on the audit procedures that are considered reasonable and appropriate in the
         circumstances, and consideration of report of the other auditor on separate financial
        statements of the subsidiary company, incorporated in India, whose financial statements
        have been audited under the Act, nothing has come to our notice that has caused us to
         believe that the representations under sub-clause (i) and (ii) of Rule 11(e), as provided under
          (a) and (b) above, contain any material misstatement.
[page 114]
        (v) The Holding Company and its subsidiary company has not declared nor paid any dividend
          during the year.

        (vi) Based on our examination which included test checks and that performed by the respective
           auditors of the subsidiary which  is the Company incorporated in India whose financial
          statements have been audited under the Act, the holding company and its subsidiary have
          used an accounting software for maintaining its books of account for the financial year ended
         March 31, 2026, which has a feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility and the same
          has operated throughout the year for all relevant transactions recorded in the software.
           Further, during the course of our audit, we and respective auditor of the above referred
           subsidiary did not come across any instance of audit trail feature being tampered with and
          the audit trail has been preserved by the group as per the statutory requirements for record
           retention.


For Haribhakti & Co. LLP
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Registration No.103523W / W100048

Sd/-
Kunj B. Agrawal
Partner
Membership No.: 095829
UDIN: 26095829LPVPML5879


Place: New Delhi
Date: July 16, 2026
[page 115]
ANNEXURE 1 TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
[Referred to in paragraph 1 under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’
section in the Independent Auditor’s Report of even date to the members of Avience
Biomedicals Limited (Formerly known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited) on the
consolidated financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2026]

According to the information and explanations given to us, and based on the reports issued under
the Order by us for the Holding Company and its subsidiary company included in the consolidated
financial statements of the Company, to which reporting under the Order is applicable, the
details of qualifications or adverse remarks are as below:

 Sr.      Name                           CIN              Holding       Clause
 No.                                               Company     number of
                                                                 /Subsidiary    the CARO
                                                                /Associate     report which
                                                                                                        is qualified or
                                                                        adverse
 1      Avience   Bio   Medicals  U74999DL2019PLC359158     Holding          ii(b)
        Limited (Formerly known                         Company
         as  Avience  Biomedicals
         Private Limited)


For Haribhakti & Co. LLP
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Registration No. 103523W / W100048


Sd/-
Kunj B. Agrawal
Partner
Membership No. : 095829
UDIN: 26095829LPVPML5879

Place: New Delhi
Date: July 16, 2026
[page 116]
ANNEXURE 2 TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

[Referred to in paragraph 2(f) under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’
section  in our Independent Auditor’s Report  of even date to the members  of Avience
Biomedicals Limited (Formerly Avience Biomedicals Private Limited) on the consolidated
financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2026]

Report on the Internal Financial Controls with reference to Financial Statements under clause (i)
of sub-section 3 of section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”)

In conjunction with our audit of the consolidated financial statements of Avience Biomedicals
Limited (Formerly Avience Biomedicals Private Limited) (“Holding Company”) as of and for the year
ended March 31, 2026, we have audited the internal financial controls with reference to financial
statements of the Holding Company and its Subsidiary Company, which are companies incorporated
in India, as of that date.

Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls

The respective Board of Directors of the Holding Company and its Subsidiary Company, which are
companies incorporated in India, are responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial
controls based on the internal control with reference to financial statements criteria established by
the Holding Company considering the essential components of internal control stated  in the
Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting (the “Guidance
Note”) issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (“ICAI”). These responsibilities
include the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that
were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including
adherence to the respective company’s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and
detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the
timely preparation of reliable financial information, as required under the Act.

Auditor’s Responsibility

Our responsibility  is to express an opinion on the internal financial controls with reference to
financial  statements  of  Holding Company  and  its  Subsidiary Company,  which  is company
incorporated in India, based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance
Note and the Standards on Auditing specified under section 143(10) of the Act, to the extent
applicable to an audit of internal financial controls, both issued by the ICAI. Those Standards and
the Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal financial controls with
reference to financial statements was established and maintained and if such controls operated
effectively in all material respects.

Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the
internal financial controls with reference to financial statements and their operating effectiveness.
Our audit of internal financial controls with reference to financial statements, assessing the risk
that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness
of internal control based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s
judgement,  including the assessment of the  risks of material misstatement of the  financial
statements, whether due to fraud or error.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained and the audit evidence obtained by the other
auditors, in terms of their reports referred to in the Other Matters paragraph below, is sufficient
and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the internal financial controls with
reference to financial statements of Holding Company and its Subsidiary Company.
[page 117]
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls with reference to Financial Statements

A company's internal financial control with reference to financial statements is a process designed
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. A company's internal financial control with reference to financial statements includes
those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company;
(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation
of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that
receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorisations of
management and directors of the company; and  (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls with reference to Financial Statements

Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls with reference to financial
statements, including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls,
material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, projections of
any evaluation of the internal financial controls with reference to financial statements to future
periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial control with reference to financial
statements may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Opinion

In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us and
based on consideration of reporting of other auditor as mentioned in Other Matters paragraph
below, the Holding Company and its Subsidiary Company which is incorporated in India, have, in all
material respects, adequate internal financial controls with reference to financial statements and
such internal financial controls with reference to financial statements were operating effectively as
at March 31, 2026, based on the internal control with reference to financial statements criteria
established by the respective companies considering the essential components of internal control
stated in the Guidance Note issued by the ICAI.

Other Matters

Our aforesaid report under section 143(3)(i) of the Act on the adequacy and operating effectiveness
of the internal financial controls with reference to financial statements in so far as it relates to the
subsidiary company which is company incorporated in India, is based on the corresponding report of
the auditor of such company incorporated in India.

For Haribhakti & Co. LLP
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Registration No.103523W / W100048




Sd/-
Kunj B. Agrawal
Partner
Membership No.: 095829
UDIN: 26095829LPVPML5879

Place: New Delhi
Date: July 16, 2026
[page 118]
                                            Avience Biomedicals Limited
                                      (Formerly Known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limted)
                                                 Consolidated Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2026
                                                            CIN- U74999DL2019PLC359158
                                                             (All amounts in Rs. Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

                                                                                                    As at                  As at
Particulars                                                                   Notes
                                                                                           March 31, 2026        March 31, 2025
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Shareholders’ funds
Share capital                                                                    3                             403.13                   403.13
Reserves and surplus                                                              4                            2,738.12                 1,862.85
                                                                                                         3,141.25               2,265.98


Minority Interest*                                                                5                                0.00                     0.00

Non-current liabilities
Long-term Borrowings                                                             6                            1,322.87                   984.95
Deferred Tax liabilities (net)                                                      7a                              18.64                    14.68
Long term provisions                                                              8                              15.97                    24.05
                                                                                                         1,357.48               1,023.68

Current liabilities
Short term borrowings                                                            9                            1,570.61                 1,230.87
Trade payables                                                                  10
    (a) total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises;                                                186.83                   101.86
     (b) total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and                                            760.63                   624.97
     small enterprises
Other current liabilities                                                           11                            105.43                   142.62
Short term provisions                                                             12                            334.61                   258.86
                                                                                                         2,958.11               2,359.18
                                                   TOTAL                                      7,456.84               5,648.84

ASSETS
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment and Intangible Assets
   -Property, plant and equipment                                                 13                           1,591.64                 1,295.92
   -Capital Work in Progress                                                      14                           1,285.28                   461.91
Goodwill on Consolidation                                                         15                              14.46                    14.46
Non Current Investments                                                          16                               2.75                     2.75
Deferred Tax Assets (net)                                                       7b                               3.49                     7.40
Long-term loans and advances                                                     17                            205.27                   111.02
Other Non-current assets                                                          18                              37.60                    38.14
                                                                                                         3,140.49               1,931.60

Current assets
Inventories                                                                     19                           1,717.53                 1,307.12
Trade receivables                                                                20                           2,101.72                 1,721.06
Cash and bank balances                                                           21                            293.44                   493.65
Short-term loans and advances                                                     22                            188.61                   186.43
Other current assets                                                             23                              15.05                     8.98
                                                                                                         4,316.35               3,717.24
                                                   TOTAL                                      7,456.84               5,648.84

*0.00 represent amount lower than the round off norms adopted by the Company
Summary of significant accounting policies                                           2

The accompanying notes form an integral part of the Consolidated financial statements.

As per our report of even date.

For Haribhakti & Co. LLP                        For and on behalf of Board of Directors of
Chartered Accountants                         Avience Biomedicals Limited
ICAI Firm Registration No.:103523W/W100048      (Formerly Known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited)

Sd/-                              Sd/-              Sd/-              Sd/-             Sd/-

Kunj B. Agrawal                           Dharam Deo Choudhary  Ram Nagina Choudhary    Manoj Kumar          Saurabh Verma
Partner                                            Director                   Director                Company Secretary      Chief Financial Officer
Membership No: 095829                           DIN: 02804625             DIN: 02804667            Membership No: F87837  PAN: ANAPV8729J

Place: New Delhi                                  Place: New Delhi           Place: New Delhi           Place: New Delhi         Place: New Delhi
Date : July 16, 2026                           Date : July 16, 2026      Date : July 16, 2026        Date : July 16, 2026     Date : July 16, 2026
[page 119]
                                                     Avience Biomedicals Limited
                                          (Formerly Known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limted)
                                  Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss for the year ended March 31, 2026
                                                          CIN- U74999DL2019PLC359158
                                                          (All amounts in Rs. Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                              For the year ended    For the year ended
Particulars                                                                   Notes
                                                                                         March 31, 2026       March 31, 2025

INCOME
Revenue from operations                                                         24                         5,250.58               4,523.59
Other Income                                                                   25                            28.92                 67.25
Total Income                                                                                            5,279.50             4,590.84


EXPENSES
Cost of materials consumed                                                       26                          562.01                330.22
Purchases of Stock-in-Trade                                                       27                         2,698.36              2,446.19
Changes in inventories of finished goods, work-in-progress and Stock-in-trade             28                           (377.30)                  (70.06)
Employee benefits expense                                                        29                          451.71                321.06
Finance cost                                                                    30                          153.95                141.60
Depreciation expense                                                            31                          122.16                 88.18
Other expenses                                                                  32                          422.02                349.29
Total expenses                                                                                          4,032.92             3,606.47


Profit before prior period items & tax                                                                      1,246.58              984.38


Prior period Items                                                              32a                                       -                     7.50


Profit before tax                                                                                        1,246.58              976.88
Tax expense


  - Current tax                                                                                                  337.31                258.00
  - Deferred tax                                                                                                      7.87                   8.32
  - Earlier year tax adjustment                                                                                      26.12                   0.65
                                                                                                               371.30                266.97
Profit for the year before minority interest                                                                875.28              709.90
Share of profit of Minority                                                                                    0.00                 0.00
Profit for the year after minority interest                                                                  875.28              709.90


Earnings per equity share
Nominal Value of Rs.10 each (Previous year Rs.10 each)
 - Basic and Diluted (Rs.)                                                          37                            21.71                 18.71


Summary of significant accounting policies                                           2


The accompanying notes form an integral part of the Consolidated financial statements.


As per our report of even date.

For Haribhakti & Co. LLP                     For and on behalf of Board of Directors of
Chartered Accountants                     Avience Biomedicals Limited
ICAI Firm Registration No.:103523W/W100048  (Formerly Known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited)

Sd/-                            Sd/-                   Sd/-             Sd/-             Sd/-

Kunj B. Agrawal                        Dharam Deo Choudhary      Ram Nagina Choudhary  Manoj Kumar          Saurabh Verma
Partner                                        Director                         Director              Company Secretary      Chief Financial Officer
Membership No: 095829                       DIN: 02804625                  DIN: 02804667          Membership No: F87837  PAN: ANAPV8729J


Place: New Delhi                              Place: New Delhi                Place: New Delhi         Place: New Delhi        Place: New Delhi
Date : July 16, 2026                        Date : July 16, 2026           Date : July 16, 2026     Date : July 16, 2026     Date : July 16, 2026
[page 120]
                                                         Avience Biomedicals Limited
                                              (Formerly Known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limted)
                                       Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended March 31, 2026
                                                              CIN- U74999DL2019PLC359158
                                                               (All amounts in Rs. Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                                         Year ended             Year ended
    Particulars
                                                                                                  March 31, 2026         March 31, 2025
A.  Cash flows from operating activities
    Net profit before tax                                                                                               1,246.58                  976.88
   Adjustments for:
         Depreciation expense                                                                                         122.16                   88.18
        Net gain on Sale of Property, Plant and equipment                                                                        (0.44)                    1.39
         Provision for gratuity & compensated absences                                                                            (8.39)                    0.75
         Provision for doubtful debts                                                                                      23.52                   13.65
          Interest expense                                                                                              143.29                  131.30
          Interest Income                                                                                                           (7.82)                     (3.80)
          Liability no longer required written back                                                                                                       -                        (2.57)
    Operating profit before working capital changes                                                              1,518.90               1,205.77
    Adjustments for changes in working capital:
         (Increase)/Decrease in inventories                                                                                  (410.41)                   (67.58)
         (Increase)/Decrease in trade receivables                                                                            (404.18)                  (925.63)
         (Increase)/Decrease in short term loans and advances                                                            157.89                    (25.74)
         (Increase)/Decrease in other non-current assets                                                                           (0.14)                     (1.33)
         Increase/(Decrease) in trade payables                                                                          220.64                  171.93
         Increase/(Decrease) in current liabilities                                                                            (204.78)                   60.70
    Cash generated from operations                                                                            877.92                418.12
        Tax payment ,(net of refunds)                                                                                      (287.30)                   (78.69)
    Net cash generated from operating activities (A)                                                              590.62                339.43


B.  Cash flows from investing activities
        Purchase of property, plant and equipments (including capital advances)                                            (1,344.86)                  (929.85)
        Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment                                                                 9.79                     4.00
        Proceeds from/(investment in) fixed deposits more than 3 months maturity                                               (0.89)                   (28.91)
          Interest received                                                                                                  9.02                     0.85
    Net cash used in investing activities (B)                                                                          (1,326.94)                (953.91)
C.  Cash flows from financing activities
        Net proceeds from short term borrowings                                                                       286.91                  446.23
       Repayment from long term borrowings                                                                          390.75                  349.26
          Interest paid                                                                                                       (135.84)                  (135.06)
        Proceeds from issue of equity shares                                                                                                            -                    360.46
    Net cash generated from financing activities (C)                                                              541.81               1,020.89
    Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents (A+B+C)                                                                (194.51)                406.41
    Cash and cash equivalents as at the beginning of the year                                                             421.98                   15.57
    Cash and cash equivalents as at the end of the year                                                           227.47                421.98


   Notes:
   1.Components of cash and cash equivalents (Note 21)
                                                                                                  As at March 31, 2026    As at March 31, 2025
    Balance with banks                                                                                                220.71                  408.44
    Cash on hand                                                                                                          6.76                   13.54
                                                                                                           227.47                421.98


    2. The above Consolidated Statement of Cash flows has been prepared under the 'Indirect Method' set out in Accounting Standard - 3 " Cash Flow Statement"



    Notes to the financials statements are integral part of the statements of cash flows.
   For Haribhakti & Co. LLP                        For and on behalf of Board of Directors of
   Chartered Accountants                        Avience Biomedicals Limited
    ICAI Firm Registration No.:103523W/W100048      (Formerly Known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited)
   Sd/-                               Sd/-               Sd/-             Sd/-               Sd/-
   Kunj B Agrawal                           Dharam Deo Choudhary   Ram Nagina Choudhary  Manoj Kumar           Saurabh Verma
   Partner                                      Managing Director         Whole Time Director    Company Secretary        Chief Financial Officer

   Membership No: 095829                           DIN: 02804625              DIN: 02804667          Membership No: F8737    PAN: ANAPV8729J


   Place: New Delhi                                  Place: New Delhi            Place: New Delhi         Place: New Delhi          Place: New Delhi
   Date : July 16, 2026                           Date : July 16, 2026        Date : July 16, 2026     Date : July 16, 2026       Date : July 16, 2026
[page 121]
                                           Avience Biomedicals Limited
                               (Formerly Known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limted)
                                    Consolidated Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2026
                                             CIN- U74999DL2019PLC359158
                                            (All amounts in Rs. Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

 1  BACKGROUND
     Avience Biomedicals Limited (Formerly known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited) (the "Holding Company/ Parent") and its subsidiary "DR
     Meditech Surgical & Diagnostics(India) Private Limited" (collectively referred to as "The Group") is a Delhi based group ventured into the products and
      solutions in molecular segment of diagnostics and testing. The Holding company was incorporated on December 23, 2019 under the Companies Act,
     2013 as a private limited company. The Group deals in various aspects of Molecular biotechnology, markers, genomics and IVD industry. The Group
     aims at creating solutions that are on cutting edge with the latest advancements in the globe, having wide applications and that provide cost-
      effective solutions for the rural and the needy.

     Pursuant to a special resolution passed in the extra ordinary general meeting of the shareholder of the Holding company held on June 26, 2024, the
     Holding Company has converted from Private Limited Company to Public Limited Company, and consequently the name of the Holding company has
     changed to 'Avience Biomedicals Limited' vide new certificate of incorporation obtained from the Registrar of Companies approved on September 03,
     2024.


     Subsequent to the year end, on June 25, 2026, the equity shares of the Holding Company have been listed on Nifty SME Emerge Index.


 2  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES


(a)  Basis for preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements

     These Consolidated Financial Statements (CFS) have been prepared to comply in all material respects with the Accounting Standards notified under
      section 133 of the Companies Act 2013 (“the Act’) read with Rule 3 of the Companies (Accounting Standards) Rules, 2021. These consolidated
      financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the generally accepted accounting principles in India (Indian GAAP) under the historical
      cost convention on an accrual basis.

     As per the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) notification dated February 16, 2015, companies whose shares are listed on the SME Exchange as
     referred to in Chapter IX of SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018 are exempted from the compulsory requirement of
     adoption of Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS). Accordingly, the Group continues to prepare its financial statements under Indian GAAP (AS
     framework), and these results have been presented in compliance with the aforesaid exemption.


      All assets and liabilities have been classified as current or non-current as per the Group’s normal operating cycle and other criteria set out in the
     Schedule III to the Act. The Group has ascertained its operating cycle as 12 months for the purpose of current/non-current classification of assets and
       liabilities.

(b)  Principles of Consolidation

       (i). The CFS of the Group have been prepared in accordance with the Accounting Standard on “Consolidated Financial Statements” (AS-21) issued by
     the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India as amended from time to time.

        (ii). The financial statements of the Holding Company and its subsidiary company are consolidated on a line-by-line basis by adding together the book
     values of like items of assets, liabilities, income and expenses, after eliminating material intra-group balances and intra-group transactions and
      resulting unrealized profits or losses on intra-group transactions.

        (iii). The difference between the costs of investment in the subsidiaries and the Company’s share of net assets at the time of acquisition of shares in
     the subsidiaries is recognised in the financial statements as Goodwill or Capital Reserve as the case may be.

       (iv). As far as possible, the CFS are prepared using uniform significant accounting policies for like transactions and other events in similar
     circumstances.


      (v). The Financial Statements of the Company and its Subsidiary used in Consolidation are drawn upto the same reporting date as followed by the
     Company, i.e., March 31, 2025 and in the same format as that adopted by the holding company for its separate financial statements.


       (vi) The details of the Company considered in the consolidated financial statement is listed below:

    Name of the company                           % of Ownership            Date of becoming Subsidiary         Country of
                                                                                                                                Incorporation


    DR Meditech Surgical & Diagnostics (India) Pvt Ltd                 99.99%                        08-Aug-2023                       India


(c)  Use of estimates

     The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in India (Indian GAAP) requires the
    management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities at the reported date
     and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Although, these estimates are based on the management’s best
     knowledge of current events and actions, actual results could differ. Any revision in accounting estimate is recognized prospectively in the period in
     which actual results are known.
[page 122]
(d) Revenue recognition

     Revenue is recognized to the extent that it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the Group and revenue can be reliably measured.


     Revenue from sales of products is recognized when significant risks and rewards of ownership of goods are transferred to the customer as per the
     terms of the contract and are recognised, net of trade discounts, rebates, excise duties and taxes on sale, as applicable.


(e)  Property, Plant and Equipment



     Property, plant and equipment ('PPE'or 'Assets') are stated at cost of acquisition net of recoverable taxes (wherever applicable), less accumulated
     depreciation and impairment losses, if any. Cost comprises the purchase price and any cost directly attributable to bringing the assets to its working
     condition for its intended use.

     Subsequent expenditure related to an item of asset is added to its book value only if it increases the future benefits from the existing asset beyond
       its previously assessed standard of performance. All other expenses on existing assets, including day to day repair and maintenance and cost of
      replacing parts are charged to the Statement of Profit and Loss for the year during which such expenses are incurred.

      Assets retired from active use and held for disposal are stated at lower of book value and net realizable value as estimated by the Group and are
     shown separately in the financial statements under other current assets. Loss determined, if any, is recognized immediately in the Statement of
      Profit and Loss, whereas gain or loss on sale of such assets is recognized only upon completion of sale thereof.


(f)  Depreciation


     The Group charges depreciation on PPE on pro-rata basis on straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets as specified under
     schedule II to the Act except certain items of plant and equipment and electrical fittings which have been depreciated over the period of 10 years
     and 5 years respectively based on technical evaluation carried out by the management. In respect of these items, the useful life determined on the
      basis of management estimation is lower than the useful life prescribed in Part 'C' of Schedule II of the Act, as detailed below:



                                                        Useful life (In years) on the basis of Management        Useful life (In years) as per
                           Particulars
                                                                         Estimate                                Schedule II

     Plant and Equipment                                                   10                                       15

      Electrical fittings                                                       5                                       10



     The cost of leasehold land is amortised on straight line method over the lease period. Depreciation on addition to property, plant and equipment is
     provided on pro-rata basis from the date the assets are ready for intended use. Depreciation on sale/discard of property, plant and equipment is
     provided for up to the date of sale, deduction or discard of property, plant and equipment,as the case may be.

     Residual value @ 5% has been considered the purpose of calculating depreciation on property, plant and equipment.

(g)  Impairment

     The carrying amounts of assets are reviewed at each Balance Sheet date if there is any indication of impairment based on internal/external factors.
    An impairment loss is recognized wherever the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the greater of
     the asset’s net selling price and value in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value at the
     weighted average cost of capital.

      After impairment, depreciation is provided on the revised carrying amount of the asset over its remaining useful life.

(h)  Leases (as a Lessee)

     Operating lease:
     Lease arrangements, where the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an asset substantially vest with the lessor, are recognized as an
     operating lease. Lease payments under operating lease are recognized as an expense in the Statement of Profit and Loss on a straight-line basis over
     the lease term.

(i)  Employee Benefits

    Short Term Employee Benefits

      All employee benefits payable wholly within twelve months of rendering the service are classified as short term employee benefits and recognized in
     the year in which employee renders the related service.

    Defined Contribution Plan
    Employee State Insurance Corporation

      In accordance with the provisions of the Employees' State Insurance Act, 1948, eligible employees of the Group are entitled to receive benefits to ESI,
     a defined contribution plan in which both the Group and the employee contribute monthly at a determined rate. The Group's contribution to ESI is
     charged to the Statement of Profit and Loss as and when incurred. The Group has no further obligations under these plans beyond its monthly
      contribution.
[page 123]
    Defined Benefit Plan: Gratuity

     A defined benfits plan is a post-employment benefit plan other than a defined contribution plan. Benefits under Gratuity is defined benefit plan.
      Vesting occurs upon completion of five years of service. The Group's obligation in respect of gratuity is calculated on actual basis equivalent to 15
     days last drawn basic salary for each completed year of service as on Balance sheet date.

    Compensated Absences

      Benefits under the Group's leave encashment constitute other long-term employee benefits, the liability of which is determined on the basis of last
     drawn salary for unused, unexpired accumulated leaves as on Balance sheet date.

 (j)  Inventory

      Inventories are valued at lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined using the first-in, first-out (FIFO) method. The cost of finished
     goods and work-in-progress comprises design costs, raw materials, direct labour, other direct costs and related production overheads. Net realisable
      value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to
    make the sale.

(k)  Taxes on income
     Tax expense for the year comprises current tax and deferred tax.

        i) Current tax
      Current income tax is measured at the amount expected to be paid to the tax authorities in accordance with the prevailing Income Tax laws.




        ii) Deferred tax
     Deferred tax charge or credit reflects the tax effects of timing differences between accounting income and taxable income for the year. The deferred
      tax charge or credit and the corresponding deferred tax  liabilities or assets are recognized using the tax rates that have been enacted or
      substantively enacted by the balance sheet date. Deferred tax assets are recognized only to the extent there is reasonable certainty that the assets
     can be realized in future, However, where there is unabsorbed depreciation or carry forward of losses, deferred tax assets are recognized only if
      there is a virtual certainty supported by convincing evidence of realization of such assets. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each Balance Sheet
     date and are written-down or written-up to reflect the amount that is reasonably / virtually certain (as the case may be) to be realized.


 (l)  Provisions, contingent liabilities and contingent assets

     Provision
     A provision is recognized when the Group has a present obligation as a result of past event, it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying
     economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. Provisions are not
      discounted to its present value and are determined based on best estimate required to settle the obligation at the reporting date. These estimates
      are reviewed at each reporting date and adjusted to reflect the current best estimates.



    Contingent Liabilities

      Contingent liabilities are disclosed when there is a possible obligation arising from past events, the existence of which will be confirmed only by the
     occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the Group or a present obligation that arises
     from past events where it is either not probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle or a reliable estimate of the amount cannot be
     made.


    Contingent Assets
     The Group does not recognize assets which are of contingent nature until there  is virtual certainty of realisability of such assets. However,
      subsequently, if it becomes virtual certain that an inflow of economic benefits will arise, asset and related income is recognized in the Consolidated
      financial statements of period in which the change occurs.

(m) Cash and cash equivalents
     Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand, balances with bank and demand deposits with original maturity upto 3 months.

(n)  Earnings per share- Basic
      Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the net profit or loss for the year attributable to equity shareholders of the Parent by the weighted
     average number of equity shares outstanding during the year. The weighted average numbers of equity shares outstanding during the year are
      adjusted for events such as bonus issue, share split or consolidation of shares.


(o)  Foreign Currency Transactions
      Foreign Currency transactions are recorded, by applying to the foreign currency amount the exchange rate between the reporting currency and the
      foreign currency, at the date of transaction. Monetary items denominated in foreign currencies at the period end are translated at the exchange
      rates prevailing on the date of Balance Sheet. Non-monetary items denominated in foreign currency are carried at the values that were determined
     on the date of transaction.

     Exchange differences either on settlement or on translation of transactions are recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
[page 124]
(p) Segment reporting

     The accounting policies adopted for segment reporting are in conformity with the accounting policies followed for the group.


    Primary Segments: Business
     The Group is primarily in the business manufacturing and trading Medical devices and related products. Management considers the risk and rewards
     associated with these products to be similar in nature. Accordingly, the entire operations of the Group are considered as a single business segment.


    Second Segment:

     The analysis of geographical segment is based on the geographical location of the customers. Revenues are attributable to individual geographical
     segments based on the location of the customer within India (domestic) and outside India (exports).


(q)  Borrowings
     Borrowings are initially recognized at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Subsequently, they are measured at amortised cost using the
      effective interest rate method. Borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or construction of qualifying assets are capitalised as
     part of the cost of those assets, In accordance with AS 16- Borrowing Costs. All other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are
      incurred.
[page 125]
                                                         Avience Biomedicals Limited
                                             (Formerly Known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limted)
                                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2026
                                                             CIN- U74999DL2019PLC359158
                                                              (All amounts in Rs. Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)


3   Share capital                                                              As at                                   As at
                                                                     March 31, 2026                        March 31, 2025
                                                        Number of
                                                                          Amount       Number of shares         Amount
                                                                       shares
     Authorised share capital
     Equity shares of Rs. 10 each                                          70,00,000                  700.00          70,00,000                      700.00


     Issued, subscribed & paid up equity share capital
     Equity shares of Rs. 10 each                                          40,31,256                  403.13          40,31,256                     403.13
                                                                 40,31,256               403.13        40,31,256                   403.13


a.   Reconciliation of equity shares outstanding at the beginning and at the end of the year
                                                                              As at                                   As at
                                                                     March 31, 2026                        March 31, 2025
     Equity Shares                                         Number of
                                                                          Amount       Number of shares         Amount
                                                                       shares
     At the beginning of the year                                          40,31,256                  403.13          32,84,500                     328.45
     Shares Issued during the year                                                              -                               -             7,46,756                       74.68
     Outstanding at the end of the year                              40,31,256               403.13        40,31,256                   403.13

b.   Rights, preferences and restrictions attached to equity shares
    The Holding Company has only one class of shares i.e. Equity Shares having a par value of Rs.10 per share.

     Voting
     Each holder of equity shares is entitled to one vote per share held.

     Dividends
    The dividend proposed by the Board of Directors is subject to approval of the shareholders in ensuing Annual General Meeting except in the case where interim
     dividend is distributed.
     Liquidation
      In the event of liquidation, the holders of equity shares shall be entitled to receive all of the remaining assets of the Holding Company, after distribution of all
      preferential amounts, if any. Such distribution amounts will be in proportion to the number of equity shares held by the shareholders.


c.   The Group does not have any holding company.


d.   Details of shareholders holding more than 5% shares in the holding company

                                                                              As at                                   As at
                                                                     March 31, 2026                        March 31, 2025
    Name of the shareholders                                Number of      % of holding      Number of shares       % of holding
                                                                       shares
     Mr. Dharam Deo Choudhary                                          20,38,756          50.57%                 20,38,756            50.57%
     Mr. Ram Nagina Choudhary                                            8,42,370          20.90%                   8,42,370            20.90%
     Mrs. Deepa Choudhary                                                4,38,400          10.88%                   4,38,400            10.88%
     Mr. Janardan Pal                                                      4,20,359          10.43%                   4,20,359            10.43%


                                                                  8,58,759        92.78%                8,58,759          92.78%
e.   Details of shareholding of Promoters


     Shares held by promoters at the year ended March 31, 2026
                                                                    Number of Shares   % of Total Equity  % change during the year
     Promoter Name
                                                                                                            share
     Mr. Dharam Deo Choudhary                                                                  20,38,756             50.57%                      0.00%
     Mr. Ram Nagina Choudhary                                                                    8,42,370             20.90%                      0.00%
     Ms. Deepa Choudhary                                                                         4,38,400             10.88%                      0.00%
     Mr. Janardan Pal                                                                              4,20,359             10.43%                      0.00%


     Shares held by promoters at the year ended March 31, 2025
                                                                    Number of Shares   % of Total Equity  % change during the year
     Promoter Name
                                                                                                            share
     Mr. Dharam Deo Choudhary                                                                    4,38,400             50.57%                     19.37%
     Mr. Ram Nagina Choudhary                                                                   20,38,756             20.90%                     17.52%
     Ms. Deepa Choudhary                                                                         4,20,359             10.88%                      0.00%
     Mr. Janardan Pal                                                                              8,42,370             10.43%                      0.24%

f.   Aggregate number of equity shares allotted as fully paid up by way of bonus shares during the period of five years immediately preceeding the Balance
     Sheet date:
     During the financial year 2022-23, the Holding Company issued 7,50,000 equity shares as fully paid-up bonus shares (having a face value of Rs. 10 each) out of
     reserves and surplus.
[page 126]
g.   Aggregate number of equity shares alloted as fully paid up without payment being received in cash during the period of five years immediately
     preceeding the Balance Sheet date:
     During the previous year, the Holding Company has alloted 4,58,385 number of equity shares @ Rs 125 per share (including premium of Rs 115 per share) to the
      existing shareholders of DR Meditech Surgical and Diagnostics (India) Private Limited on account of acquiring their shareholding.

h.   No class of shares have been bought back during the period of last five years immediately preceeding the Balance Sheet date.

i.   There were no securities convertible into equity/preference shares issued/outstanding at the year end (Previous year:Nil).

j.    Calls unpaid including aggregrate value of calls unpaid by Directors and Officers: Nil (Previous year:Nil).

k.   Forfeited shares: Nil (Previous year:Nil).

4   Reserves and surplus                                                                                  As at                 As at
                                                                                              March 31, 2026       March 31, 2025
     Balance in the Statement of Profit and Loss
     Balance as at the beginning of the year                                                                            1,004.08                     294.20
     Add: Profit as per Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss                                                         875.28                     709.88
     Balance as at the end of the year                                   (A)                                         1,879.36                 1,004.08


     Securities Premium
     Balance as at the beginning of the year                                                                            858.77                                  -
     Add: Received during the year                                                                                                                      -                       858.77
     Balance as at the end of the year                                    (B)                                          858.77                   858.77


                                                                          (A) +(B)                                     2,738.12                 1,862.85





                                                                  ----- The space has been intentionally left blank -----
[page 127]
                                                       Avience Biomedicals Limited
                                            (Formerly Known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limted)
                                 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2026
                                                            CIN- U74999DL2019PLC359158
                                                             (All amounts in Rs. Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

5  Minority Interest                                                                                          As at               As at
                                                                                                 March 31, 2026     March 31, 2025
   Balance at the beginning of the year*                                                                                        0.00               0.00
   Add: Share of profit for the year*                                                                                            0.00               0.00
   Balance as at the end of the year                                                                                    0.00              0.00


   *0.00 represent the amount below rounding off norms adopted by the Company

6 Long Term Borrowings                                                                                     As at               As at
                                                                                                 March 31, 2026     March 31, 2025
   Secured
  Term Loans
       - from bank [Refer Note (i)(A), (ii)(A) and 9(iv)a]                                                                       476.89             463.94
       - from financial institution [refer (i)(B) and (ii)(B)]                                                                     954.50             602.00
   Less: Current maturities of term loan                                                                                         (138.34)              (80.99)


   Unsecured
  Term Loans
       - from bank [Refer Note (iii)]                                                                                           53.95                        -
   Less: Current maturities of term loan                                                                                            (24.13)                      -
                                                                                                               1,322.87            984.95


   Notes:
 i) Terms of secured borrowings:



   A) Term Loan from Bank :

   a) The Holding Company has an outstanding working capital loan of ₹3.71 lakhs as at March 31, 2026 (₹9.64 lakhs as on March 31, 2025) obtained under the
   Guaranteed Emergency Credit Line (GECL) for a sanctioned amount of ₹17.00 lakhs on October 25, 2021 from Canara Bank. The loan was subsequently
   transferred to Bank of India in December 2022. The loan is repayable in 36 monthly instalments commencing from November 23, 2023. The loan carries
   interest (Repo Based Lending Rate (RBLR) + 0.65%) of 8.75% per annum (Previous Year: 9.75% per annum), with monthly reset.

   b) On September 5, 2023, the Holding Company took a term loan of ₹64.23 lakh from Bank of India for acquisition of plant and machinery. The loan is
   repayable through 65 monthly instalments starting from September 30, 2023. This loan carries interest (Repo Based Lending Rate (RBLR) + 0.70% per annum)
   of 8.80% per annum (Previous Year : 9.80%) with monthly reset. The amount of loan outstanding as at reporting period end was ₹33.85 lakhs (Previous Year:
   ₹45.61 lakhs).

   c) The Subsidiary Company took a term loan from ICICI Bank amounting to ₹183.36 lakhs against security of Building on November 07, 2017, repayable in 182
   equal monthly instalments of ₹1.86 lakhs (including Interest) term starting from January 5, 2018 and ending on February 5, 2033. The loan carries interest @
   EBLR+1% i.e. 9.40% (Present EBLR is 8.40%)(Previous year : 9.15%)




   d) The Subsidiary Company had availed a term loan of ₹72.00 lakhs from ICICI Bank, which was taken over by State Bank of India (SBI) on October 31, 2022
   under the Guaranteed Emergency Credit Line (GECL) scheme, repayable in 36 monthly instalments. Subsequently, the loan was taken over again by ICICI Bank
   on April 29, 2025, and is repayable in 24 monthly instalments. The loan carries interest at Repo Rate + 3.90% (presently 9.15%, based on a Repo Rate of
   5.25%)(Previous year repo rate 6.25%).

   e) The Subsidiary Company has availed a Top-up Loan of ₹240.00 lakhs from ICICI Bank on June 14, 2024. The loan is repayable in 123 monthly instalments of
   ₹2,93,728 each (inclusive of interest). The loan carries interest at Repo Rate + 2.75% (presently 8.00%, based on Repo Rate of 5.25%)(Previous year repo rate
   6.25%).

    f) The Subsidiary Company has availed a vehicle loan of ₹12.88 lakhs from ICICI Bank for the purchase of a Mahindra XUV 300 W8 on March 24, 2023. The loan
    is repayable in 60 monthly instalments of ₹26,846 each (inclusive of interest), commencing from May 10, 2023. The loan carries interest at a reducing balance
   rate of 9% per annum (previous year: 9%) and is secured by hypothecation of the said vehicle.

   g). The Subsidiary Company has availed a vehicle loan of ₹30.00 lakhs from ICICI Bank for the purchase of a Maruti Suzuki Invicto on November 27, 2025. The
   loan is repayable in 84 monthly instalments of ₹47,775 each (inclusive of interest), commencing from January 10, 2026. The loan carries interest at a
   reducing balance rate of 8.60% per annum and is secured by hypothecation of the said vehicle.

   h). The Subsidiary Company availed a Top-up Loan of ₹50.00 lakhs from ICICI Bank on December 12, 2025. The loan is repayable in 156 monthly instalments
   of ₹55,494 each (inclusive of interest). The loan carries interest at Repo Rate + 4.10% (presently 9.35%, based on Repo Rate of 5.25%).
[page 128]
B) Term Loan from financial insititution:-

The Holding Company took a term loan from the Small Industries Development Bank of India (SIDBI) for the construction of its new production facility at Plot
No. 70, Sector 28, Yamuna Expressway Industrial Development Area (YEIDA). The sanctioned loan limit is ₹1,200.00 lakhs, against which ₹960.00 lakhs had
been availed by the Company as at March 31, 2026. Above loan is repayable through 78 monthly installment (24 of 5.5 lakhs each, 6 of 10 lakhs each, 6 of 15
lakhs each, 25 of 20 lakhs each, 10 of 22 lakhs each, 1 of 24 lakhs and 6 of 29 lakhs each), the first installment commenced in March 2026. The outstanding
balance of the loan as at March 31, 2026 was ₹954.50 lakhs (previous year: ₹602.00 lakh).
[page 129]
  ii) Nature of Security
    A) Term loan taken from bank:-
   The Subsidiary Company's term loans of Rs. 183.36 lakhs, Rs. 240.00 lakhs and Rs. 50.00 lakhs from ICICI Bank which are secured against the subsidiary
    company’s building located at 8, Block B, Pocket 3, Sector 17, Dwarka, New Delhi – 110075. The fund-based working capital limit & Working Capital Term
    Loan from ICICI Bank is also secured pari passu against the same property, subsequent to the charge created for the term loans.



    B) Term loan taken from financial insitution:-
   The Holding Company's loan from SIDBI  is secured against hypothecation of all the movables including plant & machinery, miscellaneous fixed assets,
    equipment, machinery spares , tools & accessories and all other assets of the Company which have been acquired under the project and the land purchased
    by the Holding Company at Plot No. 70, Sector-28, YEIDA, Greater Noida.

    C) The vehicle loans are secured by hypothecation of underlying vehicles.

iii) Terms of unsecured borrowings

      i). The Subsidiary Company has availed a unsecured term loan of ₹58.00 lakhs from ICICI Bank on December 10, 2025. The loan is repayable in 36 monthly
    instalments of Rs. 2.01 lakhs each (inclusive of interest). The loan carries interest at a reducing balance rate of 15.00% per annum.

iv)  Also, refer note 44, 45 and 47.

 7  Deferred tax liabilities/ assets
   The tax effect of significant timing difference that reverse in one or more subsequent years gave rise to the net deferred tax liability/(asset) as at March 31,
    2026, are as under:

 a  Holding Company                                                                               March 31, 2026
                                                                                        As at           Charge/(credit) for         As at
                                                                               March 31, 2026          the year        March 31, 2025
    Deferred tax assets arising on account of:
        - expenditure allowable on payment basis                                                           2.07                   0.15               2.22
        - Provision for doubtful debts                                                                      9.57                    (5.90)               3.67
    Total deferred tax asset (A)                                                                11.64                  (5.75)             5.89


    Deferred tax liabilities arising on account of:
      - difference in written down value of property, plant and equipment as per Tax and the
    books of account                                                                                 30.28                   9.71              20.57
    Total deferred tax liabilities (B)                                                             30.28                 9.71             20.57


    Net Deferred tax Liabilities (B-A)                                                            18.64                 3.96             14.68

                                                                                                 March 31, 2025
                                                                                        As at           Charge/(credit) for         As at
                                                                               March 31, 2025          the year        March 31, 2024
    Deferred tax assets arising on account of:
        - expenditure allowable on payment basis                                                           2.22                    (1.46)              0.76
        - Provision for doubtful debts                                                                      3.67                    (3.67)                      -
    Total deferred tax asset (A)                                                                   5.89                  (5.13)             0.76


    Deferred tax liabilities arising on account of:
      - difference in written down value of property, plant and equipment as per Tax and the                20.57                  10.05              10.52
    books of account
    Total deferred tax liabilities (B)                                                             20.57                10.05             10.52


    Net Deferred tax Liabilities (B-A)                                                            14.68                 4.92              9.76


 b  Subsidiary Company                                                                             March 31, 2026
                                                                                        As at           Charge/(credit) for         As at
                                                                               March 31, 2026          the year        March 31, 2025
    Deferred tax assets arising on account of:
      - on account of gratuity and leave encashment                                                        3.15                    (1.89)               5.04
      - difference in written down value of property, plant and equipment as per Tax and the                  0.34                    (2.02)               2.36
    books of account
    Total deferred tax asset                                                                      3.49                  (3.91)             7.40


                                                                                                 March 31, 2025
                                                                                        As at           Charge/(credit) for         As at
                                                                               March 31, 2025          the year        March 31, 2024
    Deferred tax assets arising on account of:
      - on account of gratuity and leave encashment                                                        5.04                    (1.31)              6.35
      - difference in written down value of property, plant and equipment as per Tax and the                  2.36                    (2.10)              4.46
    books of account
    Total deferred tax asset                                                                      7.40                  (3.41)            10.81

    *refer note 2(k) of Consolidated Financial Statement
[page 130]
 8 Long Term Provisions                                                                                      As at               As at
                                                                                                  March 31, 2026     March 31, 2025
    Provision for Employee Benefits
     - Gratuity (Refer note no. 35.2)                                                                                           14.21               22.48
     - Compensated absences                                                                                                    1.76               1.57
                                                                                                                15.97             24.05


 9  Short Term Borrowings                                                                                    As at               As at
                                                                                                  March 31, 2026     March 31, 2025
    Secured
    Current maturities of term loan (Refer note 6)                                                                           138.34               80.99
    Working Capital Loan from Bank {refer note i and 6(ii)(a)}                                                                                              -                19.63
    Repayable on demand
     - Cash credit from banks (Refer note ii and iv)                                                                            495.12             828.63
     - Cash credit from Financial institution (Refer note iii and iv)                                                              672.09                        -
   Unsecured
    Current maturities of term loan (Refer note 6)                                                                             24.13                        -
    Repayable on demand
     - from related parties (Refer note v)                                                                                    240.93             301.62
                                                                                                                1,570.61          1,230.87


    Notes
   i) In June 2024, the Holding Company availed a short term working capital loan (standby letter of credit) from Bank of India repayable in 11 equated monthly
    installment of Rs. 9.60 lakhs carrying a rate of interest of 11.33% p.a. The loan has been repaid during the current year.


  ii) Terms of secured cash credit from bank

   The holding Company had a cash credit from bank is repayable on demand and carries interest rate of 1 year Repo Based Lending Rate(RBLR)+1.70% i.e. 9.80%
    (current RBLR being 8.10%). During the current year, the cash credit facility sanctioned by the bank has been discontinued.

    Subsidiary Company has obtained cash credit from bank which is repayable on demand and carries interest rate of 1 year Repo Rate + 3.90% i.e. 9.15%
    (current rapo rate being 5.25%).

iii) Terms of secured cash credit from financials institution

    During the current year, the Holding Company has availed cash credit facility from SIDBI with an limit of ₹810.00 lakhs (March 31, 2025: Nil). The cash credit
     facility is repayable on demand and carries an interest rate of 1-year Marginal Cost of Funds Based Lending Rate (MCLR) plus 0.45%, subject to a rebate of
    0.25% applicable to MSME ZED Gold Certificate holders, resulting in an effective interest rate of 8.30% (current MCLR being 8.10%).


iv) Nature of Security
    a) Holding:
    A. Primary Security                                                                                           Nature of charge
    Hypothecation of stocks & book debts upto 120 Days                                                                                        Ist charge - hypothecation
    Hypothecation of plant and machinery
    B. Collateral
    Equitable Mortgage of residential property being FLAT No. B 411, 4th Floor, The Patel Cooperative Group               EQM (First Charge)
    Housing Society Limited (knows as Umiya Sadan), Plot No 4, Dwarka, Delhi- 110075 in the name of Mr. Ram
    Nagina Choudhary (Director) and Mrs. Geeta Choudhary (Relative of Director)
   Term Deposit Receipts of Rs. 30.00 lakhs is in name of company or directors                                                Liened Marked
    b) Subsidiary:
    1) Equitable Mortage of residential property being FLAT No. G 213, Shatabdipuram, Jangal Saligram, Padri               EMT (First Charge)
    Bazaar, near Fatima Hospital, Gorakhpur, U.P- 273014 in the name of Dr. Meditech Surgicals and Diagnostics
    India Private Limited.

    2) Equitable Mortage of residential property being A 75, Ground Floor, Pocket 12, Group 3, Jasola Vihar, New
    Delhi-110025 in the name of Mr.Kapil Deo Choudhary and Mrs.Sumitra Devi.

    3) Equitable Mortage of residential property being FLAT No.48, Pocket 8, Sector 12, Dwarka + B116ka, New
    Delhi -110075 in the name of Mr. Dharam Deo Choudhary and Mrs Deepa Choudhary.

    4) EMT of residential property being House Number 212, Khashra Number 172, Maujalangal Salikram Tappa
    Khulta, Gorakhbur, Uttar Pradesh, 273008, India
[page 131]
   The above loans are also secured by the personal guarantee of the following directors and their relatives:-
 1 Mr. Dharam Deo Choudhary, Managing Director
 2 Mr. Janardan Pal, Director
 3 Mr. Ram Nagina Choudhary, Director
 4 Mrs. Deepa Choudhary, Director
 5 Mrs. Geeta Choudhary, Relative of Director
 6 Mr. Kapil Deo Choudhary, Relative of Director
 7 Mrs. Sumitra Choudhary, Relative of Director

 v) Terms of unsecured loan from related party:-
   The unsecured loan by the holding company from the directors is repayable on demand and is interest free.

vi) Also, refer note 44, 45 and 47.

10 Trade payables                                                                                           As at               As at
                                                                                                  March 31, 2026     March 31, 2025
   Trade payables
    (a) total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises (Refer Note No. 33)                                     186.83             101.86
    (b) total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small                                               760.63             624.97
                                                                                                              947.46           726.83

   Trade Payables ageing Schedule

    As at March 31, 2026
                    Particulars                            Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment                      Total
                                                Unbilled     Less than 1   1-2 years         2-3 years        More than 3 years
                                                             year
     (i) MSME                                           9.29       177.37         0.17                           -                             -             186.83
     (ii) Others                                        17.00       692.64        50.94                   0.05                           -             760.63
     (iii) Disputed Dues - MSME                                      -                 -                -                             -                             -                         -
    (iv) Disputed Dues - Others                                     -                 -                -                             -                             -                         -
    Total                                        26.29      870.01       51.11                0.05                            -             947.46

    As at March 31, 2025
                    Particulars                            Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment                      Total
                                                Unbilled     Less than 1   1-2 years         2-3 years        More than 3 years
                                                             year
     (i) MSME                                           4.49        97.37              -                             -                             -             101.86
     (ii) Others                                          1.05       623.86         0.05                           -                             -             624.97
     (iii) Disputed Dues - MSME                                      -                 -                -                             -                             -                         -
    (iv) Disputed Dues - Others                                     -                 -                -                             -                             -                         -
    Total                                          5.54      721.23        0.05                          -                             -             726.83



11 Other current liabilities                                                                                    As at               As at
                                                                                                  March 31, 2026     March 31, 2025
   Employees dues payable                                                                                                 24.07               28.70
    Directors' remuneration payable                                                                                          39.81               40.87
    Directors' sitting fees payable                                                                                               3.68               1.17
    Interest accrued but not due on borrowings                                                                                13.46               5.12
   Advance from customers                                                                                                 10.79               30.78
    Statutory dues payable                                                                                                     4.82              18.90
    Interest payables on dues to Micro and Small Enterprises (refer note 33)                                                        3.30               2.08
    Security deposit                                                                                                            5.50                       -
   Advance against sale of Property                                                                                                                            -                15.00
                                                                                                              105.43           142.62


12 Short Term Provisions                                                                                     As at               As at
                                                                                                  March 31, 2026     March 31, 2025
    Provision for Income Tax (Net of Advance tax of Rs. 4.65 Lakhs) (Previous year : Rs 13.48 Lakhs)                               330.86             254.73


    Provision for Employee Benefits
       - Gratuity (Refer Note 35.2)                                                                                               3.25               3.50
       - Compensated Absences                                                                                                  0.50               0.63
                                                                                                              334.61           258.86
[page 132]
                                                                                     Avience Biomedicals Limited
                                                                           (Formerly Known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited)
                                                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2026
                                                                                             CIN- U74999DL2019PLC359158
                                                                                                     (All amounts in Rs. Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

13. Property, plant and equipment

March 31, 2026 :
Particulars                                                                    Gross block                                                 Accumulated depreciation                        Net block
                                              As at April 1,       Additions           Deletion         As at March 31,    As at April 1, 2025    Additions     Deletion     As at March 31,         As at
                                             2025                                             2026                                                      2026         March 31, 2026


Right to use - Leasehold Land (refer note a)                 170.49                    -                           -                170.49                 2.26          1.80              -                   4.06            166.43
Land & Buildings                                          286.91              5.97                        -                292.88                 0.63          0.75              -                   1.38            291.50
Plant and Equipment                                      977.47            344.90                 7.82             1,314.55              185.25         98.53          0.67              283.11           1,031.44
Computer                                                    8.38             22.08                        -                  30.46                 6.65          2.61              -                   9.26              21.20
Furniture & Fixtures                                        12.31             12.82                        -                  25.13                 4.05          1.66              -                   5.71              19.42
Office Equipment                                           15.54              8.16                        -                  23.70                 9.10          3.33              -                  12.43              11.27
Electric Fittings                                              5.07                    -                           -                   5.07                 2.77          0.88              -                   3.65               1.42
Vehicles                                                  104.37             33.28                 2.29              135.36                73.89         12.60          0.09               86.40              48.96
Total                                               1,580.54          427.21              10.11           1,997.64             284.60      122.16         0.76            406.00         1,591.64

March 31, 2025 :
Particulars                                                                    Gross block                                                 Accumulated depreciation                        Net block
                                              As at April 1,       Additions           Deletion         As at March 31,    As at April 1, 2024    Additions     Deletion     As at March 31,         As at
                                             2024                                             2025                                                      2025         March 31, 2025


Right to use - Leasehold Land (refer note a)                 170.49                    -                           -                170.49                 0.46          1.80              -                   2.26            168.23
Land & Buildings                                          239.40             47.51                        -                286.91                        -            0.63              -                   0.63            286.28
Plant and Equipment                                      655.49            325.51                 3.54              977.46              111.66         74.01          0.42              185.25            792.21
Computer                                                  16.92                    -                   8.54                 8.38                13.10          1.67          8.12                 6.65               1.73
Furniture & Fixtures                                        12.06              1.19                 0.95                12.30                 3.88          1.06          0.90                 4.04               8.26
Office Equipment                                           21.57              3.42                 9.45                15.54                15.79          2.35          9.04                 9.10               6.44
Electric Fittings                                              4.69              0.38                        -                   5.07                 1.82          0.94              -                   2.76               2.31
Vehicles                                                 131.06              0.96                27.65              104.37                94.44          5.72         26.25               73.91              30.46
Total                                               1,251.68          378.97              50.13           1,580.52             241.15       88.18       44.73            284.60         1,295.92

Refer note 2(e) of the Consolidated financial statement.

Notes:

a) During the financial year 2023-24, the Holding Company took a land on lease from Yamuna Expressway Industrial Development Authorities (YEIDA) for the purpose of setting up Biochemistry Analyser under Industrial Scheme of
YEIDA. The leasehold land is for the period of 90 years. As per the lease term, the Company has paid lease premium of Rs. 67.44 lakhs upfront and the balance amount is payable in 10 equal half-yearly installments of Rs. 10.30
lakhs each commencing October 17, 2023. During the previous year, the Holding Company has fully paid the balance installments of leashold land.


b) The Plant and Equipments include the assets having a Gross block of Rs. 1,145.50 lakhs (Net Block Rs. 920.27 lakhs) held with third parties [Previous year: Gross block of Rs. 839.32 lakhs (Net Block Rs. 693.77 lakhs)].

c) Leasehold Land at Plot No. 70, Sector-28, YEIDA, Greater Noida of Holding Company is hypothecated against term-loan from the financial institution. (Refer Note 6)

d) All the Plant and Equipments (at Noida Sector 11) of the Group's production unit are hypothecated against term-loan from the banks. (Refer Note 9)
e) Free hold Land & Building at First Floor, Plot No. 8, Block B, Pocket 3, Sector 17, Dwarka, New Delhi –110075 of the Subsidiary Company having a gross block Rs. 209.72 lakhs (March 31, 2025: Rs. 203.75 lakhs) is hypothecated
against the term loan from ICICI Bank. (Refer note 6).

f) The vehicle loans of the Subsidiary Company are secured by hypothecation of underlying vehicles.

g) Also, refer note 41
[page 133]
                                                                                           Avience Biomedicals Limited
                                                                                 (Formerly Known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited)
                                                                     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2026
                                                                                                   CIN- U74999DL2019PLC359158
                                                                                                             (All amounts in Rs. lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

  14. Capital Work in Progress




                                                                                             As at March 31, 2026                                                 As at March 31, 2025
                                    Particulars
                                                                                                                                               As at
                                                                        As at                             Capatalised during         As at                                     Capatalised during        As at
                                                                                               Addition                                                        April 01,      Addition
                                                                                 April 01, 2025                         the Year/year      March 31, 2026                                  the year       March 31, 2025
                                                                                                                                   2024
       Projects in progress-Biochemistry Analyser Plant at YIEDA *                      461.91              823.37                        -               1,285.28          2.80       459.11                        -               461.91
                                    Total                                     461.91             823.37                       -             1,285.28         2.80      459.11                       -             461.91
        * Hypocated against term-loan from the financial institution. (Refer Note 6)


14.1. Aging of Capital work in progress as below :


     As at March 31, 2026
                                                                                                         Amount in CWIP for a period of
      Capital work in progress                                                                                                                     More than 3         Total
                                                                                                               Less than 1 year        1-2 years        2-3 years
                                                                                                                                                                       years
       Projects in progress-Biochemistry Analyser Plant at YIEDA                                                                823.37              459.11          2.80              -               1,285.28
                                                        Total                                                        823.37             459.11         2.80              -             1,285.28


     As at March 31, 2025
                                                                                                         Amount in CWIP for a period of
      Capital work in progress                                                                                                                     More than 3         Total
                                                                                                               Less than 1 year        1-2 years        2-3 years
                                                                                                                                                                       years
       Projects in progress-Biochemistry Analyser Plant at YIEDA                                                                459.11                 2.80              -                 -                461.91
                                                          Total                                                        459.11               2.80              -                 -               461.91

14.2. The Company does not have any CWIP which is overdue or exceeded to its cost compared to its original plan.





                                                                                                                ----- The space has been intentionally left blank -----
[page 134]
                                                        Avience Biomedicals Limited
                                            (Formerly Known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited)
                                  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2026
                                                            CIN- U74999DL2019PLC359158
                                                             (All amounts in Rs. Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)


 15   Goodwill on Consolidation                                                                                As at              As at
                                                                                                   March 31, 2026     March 31, 2025

       Goodwill on Consolidation [refer note 2(b)]                                                                            14.46                14.46
                                                                                                                14.46              14.46


 16   Non-current investments


                                                                                                             As at              As at
                                                                                                   March 31, 2026     March 31, 2025

      Unquoted investment, non-trade, at cost
         - Investment in Gold                                                                                                    2.75                 2.75
     TOTAL                                                                                                       2.75               2.75
      Aggregate book value of unquoted non-current investments                                                                2.75                 2.75
      Aggregate book value of quoted non-current investments and market value thereof                                                        -                          -
      Aggregate provision for diminuation in value of non-current investments                                                                      -                          -

      There are no significant restrictions on the right of ownership, realisability of investments or the remittance of income and proceeds of disposal.


 17   Long term loans and advances                                                                            As at              As at
                                                                                                   March 31, 2026     March 31, 2025

      Unsecured, considered good, unless otherwise stated
       Capital advance*                                                                                                  205.27              111.02
                                                                                                             205.27             111.02


       *Includes an amount of Rs. 79.52 lakhs (March 31, 2025: Rs. 68.18 lakhs) paid by the Holding Company in respect of an Industrial Land alloted under Udyog
      Bandu Nivesh Mitra at Greater Noida for a lease Year of 90 years as per allotment letter dated October 16, 2020. Total value of land, Rs. 79.52. lakhs.
       (including interest of Rs. 12.64 lakhs) has been paid by the Company. The possession of the land is yet to be received.


17.1  No receivables are due from directors or other officers of the Group either severally or jointly with other person or from firms or private companies in
      which any director is a partner, director or a member.


 18   Other Non-Current Assets
                                                                                                             As at              As at
                                                                                                   March 31, 2026     March 31, 2025

      Unsecured, considered good, unless otherwise stated
       Security Deposit                                                                                                     36.23                35.77
       Fixed deposits with banks with more than 12 months maturity*                                                             1.37                 2.37
                                                                                                                37.60              38.14
       *represents the fixed deposits hypothecated/liened against loan and bank guarantee


 19   Inventories (Valued at cost or net realisable value, whichever is lower)                                        As at              As at
                                                                                                   March 31, 2026     March 31, 2025

     Raw Materials and packing material                                                                                  129.96               96.85
       Work-in-progress                                                                                                  146.55              105.97
       Finished goods                                                                                                    227.97              126.04
       Stock-in-trade                                                                                                      1,213.05              978.26
                                                                                                               1,717.53           1,307.12





                                                                  ----- The space has been intentionally left blank -----
[page 135]
20   Trade receivables                                                                                       As at              As at
                                                                                                  March 31, 2026     March 31, 2025
     Unsecured
      considered good                                                                                                    2,101.72             1,721.06
      considered doubtful                                                                                                 38.04                14.59
      Less: Provision for doubtful receivables                                                                                     (38.04)               (14.59)
                                                                                                              2,101.72           1,721.06



     Trade Receivables Ageing Schedule as at March 31, 2026:-
                    Particulars                          Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
                                              Less than 6       6 months-
                                                                              1-2 years      2-3 years     More than 3 years         Total
                                         months          1 year
        (i) Undisputed Trade Receivables                1,321.32            373.69      238.46            24.86              89.04             2,047.37
      considered good
        (ii) Undisputed Trade Receivables                             -                       -               -               1.88                4.20                 6.08
      considered doubtful
         (iii) Disputed Trade Receivables                      1.40              7.66       38.05             2.11                5.13                54.35
      considered good
       (iv) Disputed Trade Receivables                               -               1.83              -             18.54              11.59                31.96
      considered doubtful
      Total                                      1,322.72          383.18     276.51           47.39            109.96           2,139.76
      Less: Provision for doubtful debts                             -                (1.83)             -             (20.42)              (15.79)               (38.04)
      Total trade receivables                      1,322.72          381.35     276.51           26.97             94.17           2,101.72


     Trade Receivables Ageing Schedule as at March 31, 2025:-
                    Particulars                          Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
                                              Less than 6       6 months-
                                                                              1-2 years      2-3 years     More than 3 years         Total
                                         months          1 year
        (i) Undisputed Trade Receivables
                                                    1,409.89            118.74       48.93            34.86              79.05             1,691.47
      considered good
        (ii) Undisputed Trade Receivables                             -                       -               -               0.22                0.11                 0.33
      considered doubtful
         (iii) Disputed Trade Receivables                      6.53              5.36       12.03             5.67                       -                 29.59
      considered good
       (iv) Disputed Trade Receivables                               -                       -         5.16             8.50                0.60                14.26
      considered doubtful
      Total                                      1,416.42          124.10      66.12           49.25             79.76           1,735.65
      Less: Provision for doubtful debts                             -                       -         (5.16)             (8.72)                (0.71)               (14.59)
      Total trade receivables                      1,416.42          124.10      60.96           40.53             79.05           1,721.06


 20.1 Following are the receivables due from directors or other officers of the Group either severally or jointly with other person or from firms or private
     companies in which any director is a partner, director or a member:

                                                        Particulars                                             As At March 31,     As At March 31,
                                                                                                  2026             2025
     Ayush Diagnostics and Surgicals                                                                                       12.56               13.29
      Imperative Healthcare Private Limited                                                                                 38.64               49.67
      Biocorn Healthcare                                                                                                     0.57                 0.74
      Total                                                                                                     51.77              63.70


21   Cash and cash equivalents                                                                               As at              As at
                                                                                                  March 31, 2026     March 31, 2025

     Balances with banks
      -On current account                                                                                               218.71              406.44
      Deposits with original maturity of less than 3 months                                                                      2.00                 2.00
                                                                                                            220.71             408.44


     Cash on hand                                                                                                          6.76                13.54
                                                                                                             227.47            421.98
     Other Bank Balances:
      Deposits with original maturity of more than 3 months and remaining
                                                                                                                         65.97                71.67
      maturity upto 12 months*
                                                                                                            293.44             493.65


      *Includes fixed deposit of Rs 30.00 lakhs (Previous year : 30.00 lakhs) deposited as a collateral security and Rs. 2.11 lakhs (Previous year: Rs. 2.11 lakhs)
      held under lien.
[page 136]
                                                                                                            As at              As at
22   Short term loan and advances
                                                                                                  March 31, 2026     March 31, 2025

     Unsecured, considered good, unless otherwise stated
     Advance to suppliers                                                                                                 21.91                19.25
     Advance to Employees                                                                                                  9.79                 9.20
     Balance with government authorities*                                                                                  78.59              108.72
      Earnest Money Deposits                                                                                               16.57                 1.69
      Prepaid Expense**                                                                                                    38.15                16.55
     Other Loan & advances                                                                                               23.60                31.02
                                                                                                            188.61             186.43


      *includes an amount of Rs. 4.22 lakhs (March 31, 2025: Rs. 4.22 lakhs) which is paid under protest for additional GST demand.
      *includes expense of Rs 36.23 lakhs (March 31, 2025 : Rs 15.39) incurred in relation to ensuing SME IPO by the Holding Company.



23   Other current assets                                                                                    As at              As at
                                                                                                  March 31, 2026     March 31, 2025
     Unsecured, considered good, unless otherwise stated
      Interest accrued on fixed and other deposits                                                                            15.05                 8.98

                                                                                                               15.05               8.98





                                                           -----This space has been intentionally left blank----
[page 137]
                                                      Avience Biomedicals Limited
                                           (Formerly Known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited)
                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2026
                                                           CIN- U74999DL2019PLC359158
                                                           (All amounts in Rs. Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)


24   Revenue from operations                                                              For the year ended         For the year ended
                                                                                     March 31, 2026            March 31, 2025

      Sale of products                                                                                        5,217.72                        4,510.16
      Sale of Service- Maintenance of instruments                                                                32.86                          13.42
                                                                                                   5,250.58                     4,523.59



25   Other Income                                                                        For the year ended         For the year ended
                                                                                     March 31, 2026            March 31, 2025
      Interest income;
         -On bank deposit                                                                                       7.82                            3.80
     Net gain on foreign currency transaction and translation                                                       4.00                            0.88
     Export Incentives                                                                                           1.03                          11.38
     Other incentives and discounts                                                                               8.20                          39.35
      Liability no longer required written back                                                                                               -                            2.57
     Net gain on sale of property, plant & equipment                                                              0.44                                       -
      Reversal of excess provision for gratuity (Refer note no. 35)                                                    6.99                                       -
      Insurance claim                                                                                                                              -                            0.66
     Proceeds on maturity of keyman insurance policy                                                                                     -                            6.53
      Miscellaneous income                                                                                       0.44                            2.08
                                                                                                    28.92                        67.25



26   Cost of material consumed                                                            For the year ended         For the year ended
                                                                                     March 31, 2026            March 31, 2025
    Raw Materials and packing material
     Opening stock                                                                                           96.85                           99.33
     Add: Purchases                                                                                        595.12                         327.74
      Less: Closing stock                                                                                     129.96                           96.85
     Cost of material consumed and packing material                                                   562.01                      330.22



27   Purchases of Stock-in-trade                                                            For the year ended         For the year ended
                                                                                     March 31, 2026            March 31, 2025
      Stock-in-trade                                                                                          2,698.36                        2,446.19
                                                                                                   2,698.36                     2,446.19



28   Changes in inventories of finished goods, work-in-progress and Stock-in-trade               For the year ended         For the year ended
                                                                                     March 31, 2026            March 31, 2025
      Closing stock
      Finished goods                                                                                        227.97                         126.04
      Work-in-progress                                                                                      146.55                         105.97
      Stock-in-Trade                                                                                         1,213.05                         978.26
     Total                                                                                         1,587.57                     1,210.27
     Opening stock
      Finished goods                                                                                        126.04                           39.90
      Work-in-progress                                                                                      105.97                            6.40
      Stock-in-Trade                                                                                        978.26                        1,093.91
     Total                                                                                          1,210.27                     1,140.21
     Net decrease/ (increase) in inventories                                                                (377.30)                         (70.06)


29   Employee benefit expenses                                                            For the year ended         For the year ended
                                                                                     March 31, 2026            March 31, 2025
      Salaries and wages                                                                                     434.32                         305.30
      Contribution to Employees' Provident Fund & Other funds (refer Note 35)                                        7.30                            7.36
      Gratuity Expense (refer Note 35)                                                                                                         -                            2.36
      Staff welfare expenses                                                                                    10.09                            6.04
                                                                                                  451.71                      321.06
[page 138]
30   Finance cost                                                                        For the year ended         For the year ended
                                                                                     March 31, 2026            March 31, 2025
       Interest on:
      -term loan from banks                                                                                    48.16                          43.83
      -cash credit from banks                                                                                   91.88                          72.14
      -working capital loan                                                                                        0.26                            5.99
      -deferred payment liablity                                                                                                                 -                            4.58
      -payables to micro and small enterprises (Refer Note 33)                                                       2.43                            4.64
      -delayed payment of statutory dues                                                                          0.52                            0.08
      -delayed payment of suppliers                                                                               0.03                            0.01
      -others                                                                                                                                        -                            0.04
     Other Borrowing Costs:
      -Loan processing charges                                                                                  10.67                          10.29
                                                                                                  153.95                      141.60


31   Depreciation expense                                                                 For the year ended               For the year ended
                                                                                     March 31, 2026                   March 31, 2025
       Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (refer note 13)                                             122.16                          88.18
                                                                                                  122.16                        88.18


32   Other expenses                                                                      For the year ended               For the year ended
                                                                                     March 31, 2026                   March 31, 2025
      Business promotion                                                                                     117.08                         101.34
     Bank Charges                                                                                            15.63                            3.79
      Expenditure on CSR activities                                                                                7.70                                       -
     Commission                                                                                                1.54                            0.21
      Discount Expense                                                                                           4.76                          31.57
      Freight & Cartage                                                                                        43.46                          23.44
      Insurance                                                                                                  3.19                            2.26
      Legal and professional expenses*                                                                          10.10                          30.62
     Net loss on Sale of property, plant & equipment                                                                                      -                            1.39
      Office expense                                                                                             8.06                            4.81
      Postage & courier                                                                                           0.94                            2.17
     Power & fuel                                                                                            19.33                          14.55
       Printing and stationary expenses                                                                             5.87                            2.46
      Provision for doubtful debts                                                                               23.52                          13.65
      Rates & taxes                                                                                              1.69                            4.02
      Rent (Refer Note 34)                                                                                     47.88                          39.49
      Repairs                                                                                                                                        -
        -To Machinery                                                                                            2.36                            2.63
        -To others                                                                                                5.35                            2.98
      Travelling and conveyance expenses                                                                       90.19                          60.28
      Miscellaneous expenses                                                                                   13.37                            7.63
                                                                                                  422.02                       349.29


      *includes professional fees paid to a director (relative of a director till August 23, 2024) Nil (Previous year: Rs. 7.06 lakhs)



32a   Prior Period Items                                                                    For the year ended               For the year ended
                                                                                     March 31, 2026                   March 31, 2025
       Prior period expenses :-
      Director remuneration (for the period Jan-Mar 2024)                                                                               -                              7.50
                                                                                                                                                      -                           7.50





                                                                 ----- The space has been intentionally left blank -----
[page 139]
                                                             Avience Biomedicals Limited
                                                 (Formerly Known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited)
                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2026
                                                                  CIN- U74999DL2019PLC359158
                                                                    (All amounts in Rs. Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)


 33  Details of dues to micro and small enterprises as per Micro, Small and Medium Enterprise Development Act, 2006-
      Particular                                                                                         As at                       As at
                                                                                           March 31, 2026             March 31, 2025
     The principal amount and the interest due thereon remaining unpaid to any supplier as at the end of
       - Principal amount due to micro and small enterprises                                                              186.83                             101.86
       - Interest due on above                                                                                                                             -                                              -


     The amount of interest paid by the buyer in terms of section 16 of the MSMED Act, 2006 along with                     0.66                               6.06
     the amounts of the payment made to the supplier beyond appointed day.

     The amount of interest due and payable for the period of delay in making payment (which have been                    2.43                                            -
      paid but beyond the appointment day during the year) but without adding the interest specified
     under the MSMED Act, 2006.

     The amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid at the end of each accounting year.                                3.30                                2.08

     The amount of further interest remaining due and payable even in the succeeding years, until such                    2.08                                0.09
     date when the interest dues as above are actually paid for the purpose of disallowance as a
      deductible under section 23 of the MSMED Act, 2006.

     Note: The information furnished above has been determined to the extent such parties have been
      identified based on information available with the Management.


 34  Leases:
     The Group has lease arrangement for the office and factory premises. The leases are both cancellable and non-cancellable and ranges for the period from 3 to 5
      years.

      Particulars                                                                                        As at                        As at
                                                                                           March 31, 2026             March 31, 2025
     Lease payment recognised in the Consolidated statement of Profit and Loss in respect of all leases                       47.88                              39.49

     With respect to non-cancellable lease, the future minimum lease payments are as follows:
     Not later than one year                                                                                                                               -                                 3.41
      Later than one year and not later than five years                                                                                               -                                              -
      Later than five years                                                                                                                                  -                                              -

 35  Employee Benefit Expenses

35.1 Defined Contribution Plans
     The Group makes contributions, determined as a specified percentage of employee salaries, in respect of qualifying employees towards Provident and employee
      Insurance Funds(ESI), which are defined contribution plans. The contributions are charged to the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss as they accrue. The Group
     has no obligation other than to make the specified contributions. The amount recognised as an expense towards contribution to Provident fund and ESI for the year
     aggregated to Rs. 7.30 lakhs (Previous year: Rs. 7.36 lakhs).


35.2 Defined Benefit Plans
     The Group has a defined benefit gratuity plan. Every employee who has completed five years or more of service gets a gratuity on separation or retirement at 15 days
      salary (last drawn salary) for each completed year of service or part thereof in excess of six months. The following tables summarise the components of net benefit
     expense recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss and the amounts recognized in the Consolidated balance sheet for gratuity plan.



    Movement in net defined benefit (asset)/liability on Gratuity plan


        i) Expenses Recognised in the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss for the year


      Particulars                                                                                 For the year ended           For the year ended
                                                                                           March 31, 2026             March 31, 2025
      Current service cost                                                                                                 6.26                                5.54
      Past service cost                                                                                                                                      -                                  3.06
      Interest cost                                                                                                        1.73                                1.70
     Net actuarial (gain) /loss recognized in the year                                                                         (14.98)                                 (7.94)
      Expense/(Profit) recognised in the Consolidated Statement of profit and loss                                            (6.99)                               2.36
[page 140]
        ii) Reconciliation of Present Value of Defined Benefit Obligation                                  For the year ended           For the year ended
                                                                                           March 31, 2026             March 31, 2025
     Denefined Benefit obligation                                                                                       17.46                               25.97
      Fair value of plan assets                                                                                                                             -                                                 -
     Net (assets)/liablity recognised in Consolidated Balance Sheet                                                  17.46                           25.97


        iii) Change in the present value of the defined benefit obligation                                 For the year ended           For the year ended
                                                                                           March 31, 2026             March 31, 2025
     Opening defined benefit obligation                                                                                  25.97                              23.61
      Interest cost                                                                                                         1.73                                1.70
     Current service cost                                                                                                  6.26                                5.54
      Past service cost                                                                                                                                        -                                3.06
      Benefits paid                                                                                                                (1.52)                                             -
      Actuarial (gains)/loss on obligation                                                                                       (14.98)                                 (7.94)
      Closing defined benefit obligation                                                                          17.46                           25.97


      Disclosed as :                                                                                      As at                        As at
                                                                                           March 31, 2026             March 31, 2025
     -Long Term Provisions (refer note 8)                                                                                14.21                              22.48
      -Short Term Provisions (refer note 12)                                                                                3.25                                3.50
                                                                                                          17.46                           25.98


      iv) The principle assumptions used in determinating gratuity                                              For the year ended March 31, 2026
      a) Economic assumptios                                                                      Holding Company                        Subsidiary Company
        i) Discount rate                                                                                        6.54%                        6.71%
        ii) Future salary increase                                                                               8.00%                       10.00%
        iii) Expected Rate of return on plan assets                                                   N A                     N A


     b) Demographic assumptions
        i) Retirement age                                                                                                   60 years

        ii) Withdrawal/Attrition Rate                                                                   Holding Company                        Subsidiary Company
     Year 1                                                                                          18%                        10%
     Year 2                                                                                          10%                        10%
     Year 3                                                                                          10%                        10%
     Year 4                                                                                          10%                        10%
     Year 5+                                                                                         10%                        10%
        iii) Mortality table                                                                                IALM 2012-14                 IALM 2012-14


      iv) The principle assumptions used in determinating gratuity                                              For the Year ended March 31, 2025
      a) Economic assumptios                                                                      Holding Company                        Subsidiary Company
        i) Discount rate                                                                                        7.15%                        6.71%
        ii) Future salary increase                                                                              10.00%                       10.00%
        iii) Expected Rate of return on plan assets                                                   N A                     N A


     b) Demographic assumptions
        i) Retirement age                                                                                                   60 years


        ii) Withdrawal/Attrition Rate                                                                      Holding Company            Subsidiary Company
     Year 1                                                                                          10%                        10%
     Year 2                                                                                          10%                        10%
     Year 3                                                                                          10%                        10%
     Year 4                                                                                          10%                        10%
     Year 5+                                                                                         10%                        10%
        iii) Mortality table                                                                                IALM 2012-14                 IALM 2012-14

35.3
    On November 21, 2025, the Government of India notified the four Labour Codes - the Code on Wages, 2019, the Industrial Relations Code, 2020, the Code on Social
      Security, 2020, and the Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020 - consolidating 29 existing labour laws. The Ministry of Labour & Employment
     published draft Central Rules and FAQs to enable assessment of the financial impact due to changes in regulations. The Group has assessed the same & taken the
     necessary impact of these changes and to the best information available, consistent with the guidance provided by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.
     The Group continues to monitor the finalisation of Central/ State Rules and clarifications from the Government on other aspects of the Labour Code and would provide
     appropriate accounting effect (if any) on the basis of such developments if needed.
[page 141]
36  Related party disclosures (as per Accounting Standard-18)*


  I  Names of related parties and nature of relationship:


(a)  Related parties where transactions have taken place during the year:


    Key Managerial Personnel                                                  :                Mr. Dharam Deo Choudhary, Managing Director
                                                                                         :                Mr. Ram Nagina Choudhary, Whole Time Director (w.e.f August 23, 2024)
                                                                                         :                Mr. Janardan Pal , Non Executive Director ( Executive Director till August 23,
                                                                               2024 )
                                                                                         :                 Mrs. Deepa Choudhary, Director (w.e.f August 23, 2024)
                                                                                         :                Mr. Manoj Kumar Agrawal, Independent Director (August 23, 2024 to November
                                                                                        29, 2024)
                                                                                         :                Mr. Pankaj Sharma, Independent Director (w.e.f August 23, 2024)
                                                                                         :                Mr. Om Prakash Pal, Additional Director

     Relative of Key Managerial Personnel                                    :                Mr. Kapil Deo Choudhary
                                                                                         :                 Mrs. Sumitra Devi
                                                                                         :                 Mrs. Geeta Chaudhary
                                                                                         :                Mr. Aditya Pal
                                                                                         :                 Mrs. Arti Pal
                                                                                         :                Mr. Ayush Pal

     Enterprise where KMP has substantial influence                      :
                                                                               Ayush Diagnostics and Surgicals ('Proprietorship of Mr. Ram Nagina Choudhary)

                                                                                         :                 Imperative Healthcare Private Limited (Director and Promoter Mrs. Deepa
                                                                                Choudhary)

                                                                                      Biocorn Healthcare (Proprietorship of relative of Mr. Janardan Pal)

 II   Trasanctions with related parties during the year:                                               For the year ended           For the year ended
                                                                                           March 31, 2026             March 31, 2025
     (a) Shares Issued
    Mr Dharam Deo Chaudhary                                                                                                                            -                               33.18
    Mr Ram Nagina Chaudhary                                                                                                                             -                               12.66
                                                                                                                                                                   -                           45.84

     (b) Share Premium received
    Mr Dharam Deo Chaudhary                                                                                                                            -                              381.59
    Mr Ram Nagina Chaudhary                                                                                                                             -                              145.55
                                                                                                                                                                   -                          527.14

     (c) Loan taken from/(repayment to) directors
     Mr. Dharam Deo Choudhary                                                                                              (56.69)                              36.97
    Mr Ram Nagina Choudhary                                                                                                   (4.00)                             (172.02)
                                                                                                                   (60.69)                          (135.05)

     (d) Legal and Professional Expenses
      - Mrs. Deepa Choudhary                                                                                                                               -                                7.06


     (e) Sales
     Imperative Healthcare Private Limited                                                                                                              -                              100.44
     Biocorn Healthcare                                                                                                   1.87                                             -

      (f) Remuneration
     Mr. Dharam Deo Choudhary                                                                                         54.00                              61.50
     Mr. Ram Nagina Choudhary                                                                                         24.00                              19.29
     Mr. Janardan Pal                                                                                                  13.20                              12.05
     Mr. Kapil Deo choudhary                                                                                              7.20                                7.20
     Mrs. Deepa Choudhary                                                                                             24.00                              15.78
     Mrs. Sumitra Devi                                                                                                  11.40                                6.96
     Mrs. Geeta Choudhary                                                                                                                                  -                                2.32
    Mr Aditya Pal                                                                                                        5.22                                1.12
     Mrs. Arti Pal                                                                                                      11.40                                6.96
                                                                                                       150.42                         133.18

      (g) Director sitting fees
    Mr Janardhan Pal                                                                                                    0.95                                0.45
     Mr. Om Prakash Pal                                                                                                  1.30                                0.30
    Mr Pankaj Sharma                                                                                                    1.20                                0.45
                                                                                                             3.45                            1.20
[page 142]
   III  Balance outstanding at the year end:                                                                 As at                       As at
                                                                                            March 31, 2026             March 31, 2025
     Loan Payable
      Mr. Dharam Deo Choudhary                                                                                       207.54                             264.23
      Mr. Ram Nagina Choudhary                                                                                         15.00                              19.00
      Mr. Janardan Pal                                                                                                  18.39                              18.39
                                                                                                        240.93                         301.62
      Remuneration payable
      Mr. Dharam Deo Chaudhary                                                                                           3.75                              33.22
      Mr. Ram Nagina Chaudhary                                                                                         10.89                                3.04
     Mr Janardhan Pal                                                                                                    7.05                                4.00
      Mrs Deepa Chaudhary                                                                                                 1.85                              10.25
      Mr. Kapil Deo Choudhary                                                                                              1.66                                1.22
      Mrs. Sumitra Devi                                                                                                    7.84                                1.39
      Mrs. Arti Pal                                                                                                         6.27                                6.27
      Mr. Aditya Pal                                                                                                       0.50                                0.50
                                                                                                           39.81                           59.89

      Director sitting fees payable*                                                                                                            54.79
      Mr. Janardhan Pal                                                                                                   0.76                                0.41
      Mr. Om Prakash Pal                                                                                                  1.44                                0.27
      Mr. Pankaj Sharma                                                                                                   1.48                                0.41
                                                                                                              3.68                            1.09


     Trade Receivables
      Ayush Diagnostics and Surgicals                                                                                     12.56                              13.29
      Imperative Healthcare Private Limited                                                                              38.64                              49.67
      Biocorn Healthcare                                                                                                   0.57                                0.74

      Notes :
36.1 The Information has been determined to the extent such parties have been identified by the management on the basis of information available with them.


     Key management personnels i.e Mr. Dharam Deo Choudhary, Mr. Janardhan Pal, Mr. Ram Nagina Choudhary and Mrs. Deepa Choudhary and their relative Mrs. Geeta
36.2
      Choudhary have given personal guarantees against Cash Credit facilities availed from bank. Refer Note 9.

*36.3 Sitting fees of Rs. 0.09 lakhs (previous year: 0.09 lakhs) payable to Mr. Manoj Kumar Agarwal, has not been disclosed as he was not a KMP on March 31, 2026 and March
      31, 2025.

 37  Earning per share- Basic and diluted
                                                                                        Units             For the year ended           For the year ended
      Particulars
                                                                                            March 31, 2026             March 31, 2025
       Profit attributable to the equity shareholders of the parent (A)                       Rs. lakhs                         875.28                             709.90
      Total shares outstanding as at the end of the year                                     No's                           40,31,256                          40,31,256
      Weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the year (B)            No's                           40,31,256                          37,93,890
      Basic and diluted earning per share (A/B) (Rs.)                                       Rs.                               21.71                              18.71
      Nominal value per equity shares                                                      Rs.                               10.00                              10.00


      Note: The Holding Company did not have any potential dilutive equity shares at the year end.


38(i) Unhedged foreign currency exposures
      Foreign currency exposure of the company that is not hedged by derivative instruments or other wise as on March 31, 2026 are as under


      Particulars                                                      As at March 31, 2026                        As at March 31, 2025
                                                           Amount       Amount          Amount                  Amount
                                                                                  (in Foreign     (in INR ) ('000)         (in Foreign                     (in INR ) ('000)
                                                                    Currency)('000)                      Currency)('000)
     Trade Receivable
      United States Dollars                                                                          -                    -                       3.59                             307.98


38(ii) Segment Information

      Primary Segments: Business
      As the Group’s business activities falls within a single business segment i.e. "Medical devices and related products", there are no other primary reportable segments.
      Thus, the segment disclosures as required under "Accounting Standard-17: Segment reporting" are the same as reflected in the financial statements.


      Secondary Segment: Geographical
     The Group predominently sells its products to customers located in India and does not have any operation in economic environment with different risk and returns.
      Accordingly, disclosures to be provided in respect of secondary segment under "Accounting Standard-17: Segment Reporting" are the same as reflected in the Financial
      Statements.
[page 143]
  39 Contingent liabilities and commitments                                                               As at                     As at
                                                                                              March 31, 2026           March 31, 2025

(a)   Contingent liabilities:
          - GST Matters                                                                                                      37.16                     37.16

     The subsidiary company received a demand notice of Rs. 37.16 lakhs plus interest towards GST for Financial Year 2017-18 against which the subsidiary company
      has paid Rs. 4.22 lakhs under protest. The Group is in the process of filing an appeal with the higher authorities.

      Notes:
       (a) The amount shown above represent the best possible estimates arrived at on the basis of information available with the management.
       (b) The uncertainties relating to amounts and the timing of any outflows are dependent on the outcome of the different cases and therefore, can not be
      predicted accurately.
       (c) The Group does not expect any reimbursement against any of these claims.

  (b)  Estimated value of contracts on capital account excluding capital advances, remaining to be executed                                  -                     100.72
     and not provided for

  40 Additional Information

      As required by paragraph 2 of General instruction for preparation of Consolidated Financial Statement as per Schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013:

                                                                                            March 31, 2026
                     Name of the Entity                              Net Assets                          Share in Profit and Loss
                                                                   As % of        Amount     As % of Consolidated profit         Amount
                                                                    Consolidated                    & loss
                                                                Net Assets
      A: Holding company                                             79%              2,492.36            24%                               205.91
      B: Subsidiary - DR Meditech Surgical & Diagnostics (India) Private        21%               648.88            76%                               669.38
      Limited (99.99%)
      Total                                                         100%            3,141.24            100%                           875.29
      Minority Interest                                                                    0.00                                              0.00

                                                                                            March 31, 2025
                     Name of the Entity                              Net Assets                          Share in Profit and Loss
                                                                   As % of        Amount     As % of Consolidated profit         Amount
                                                                    Consolidated                    & loss
                                                                Net Assets
      A: Holding company                                             72%              1,640.15            9%                                 67.14
      B: Subsidiary - DR Meditech Surgical & Diagnostics (India) Private        28%               625.83            91%                               642.76
      Limited (99.99%)
      Total                                                         100%            2,265.98            100%                           709.90
      Minority Interest                                                                    0.00                                              0.00


                                                                       ----- The space has been intentionally left blank -----
[page 144]
                                                           Avience Biomedicals Limited
                                                (Formerly Known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited)
                                     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2026
                                                                CIN- U74999DL2019PLC359158
                                                                  (All amounts in Rs. Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)


41 During the year and previous year, the Group has not revalued its Property, Plant and Equipment.

42 During the year and in previous year, the Group has not granted any loans or advances to promoters, directors, KMPs and the related parties as defined under the
   Companies Act, 2013.

43 During the year and in previous year, no proceedings have been initiated or pending against the group for holding any benami property under the Benami Transactions
    (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (45 of 1988) and the rules made thereunder.

44 Quarterly returns or statements of current assets filed by the Group in respect of borrowings from banks are in agreement with the books of account, except for the
   quarterly returns or statements filed for the fourth quarter by the Holding Company. However, the differences were not material.


45 During the year and in previous year, the Group has not been declared as wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or other lender.

46 The management confirms that the Group had no transcation with any struck off companies during year. (previous year: Nil).

47 The Group has no pending charges or satisfaction which are required to be registered with ROC (previous year: Nil)

48 The group has complied with the number of layers of companies.

49 The Group did not have any such transaction which is not recorded in the books of account that has been surrendered or disclosed as income during the year in the
   tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961.

50 No funds have been advanced or loaned or invested (either borrowed funds or share premium or any other source or kind of funds) to any other person(s) or
    entity(ies), including foreign entities (Intermediaries) with the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Intermediary shall
      (a) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Group (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or
      (b) provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.



51
   No funds have been received from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Funding Party) with the understanding (whether recorded in writing or
   otherwise) that the Group shall
       (a) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party (Ultimate
    Beneficiaries) or
      (b) provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.

52 The Group has not traded or invested in crypto currency or any virtual currency during the year (previous year: Nil)

53 (a) As clarified by the MCA vide General Circular No. 39 / 2014 dated 14th October 2014 and as per the " General requirement" under paragraph 13.1 of the "Guidance
   Note on Division I - Non Ind AS Schedule III to the Act" issued by the ICAI in respect of preparation of consolidated financial statements, the Company has elected to
    avail the exemptions from certain disclosures as available in the preparation of consolidated financial statements. Accordingly, disclosures in respect of Analytical
    ratio, corporate social responsibility, payment to auditors and value of import on CIF basis are not made in these consolidated financial statements.



    (b) " Additional regulatory information" as required to be disclosed under heading Y of paragraph 6 of Part I and "Additional information" under paragraph 5(ii) of Part
      II of Division I of Schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013, other than disclosed in these financial statements are either "Nil" or "Not applicable" to the Group.

54 Previous year figures have been regrouped or reclassified wherever necessary to conform to the current year's classification.

   As per our report of even date.

   For Haribhakti & Co. LLP                             For and on behalf of Board of Directors of
   Chartered Accountants                             Avience Biomedicals Limited
    ICAI Firm Registration No.:103523W/W100048          (Formerly Known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited)


   Sd/-                                  Sd/-               Sd/-               Sd/-               Sd/-
   Kunj B. Agrawal                              Dharam Deo Choudhary  Ram Nagina Choudhary   Manoj Kumar           Saurabh Verma
   Partner                                                Director                   Director                Company Secretary         Chief Financial Officer
   Membership No: 095829                               DIN: 02804625            DIN: 02804667            Membership No : F87837    PAN: ANAPV8729J


   Place: New Delhi                                      Place: New Delhi          Place: New Delhi           Place: New Delhi           Place: New Delhi
   Date : July 16, 2026                               Date : July 16, 2026      Date : July 16, 2026       Date : July 16, 2026        Date : July 16, 2026