[[PAGE 1]]
o, 
DDEV PLASTIKS 
Date: 18" August, 2025 
To To 
The Manager, The Manager 
Listing Department, Listing Department 
BSE Limited, National Stock Exchange of India Ltd, 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, Exchange Plaza, 
Mumbai - 400 001 Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai- 400051 
Scrip Code: 543547 Symbol: DDEVPLSTIK 
Sub: Transcripts of Earnings Call held on 17.11.2025 
Ref: Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
Dear Sirs 
This is in furtherance to our letter dated 28" October 2025 and 17" November 2025 with respect to 
Intimation of Schedule of Earnings conference Call for the 2" quarter and half year ended 30%" 
September 2025 (“Q2FY26”) and submission of audio recording post such conference call, 
respectively. 
In terms of Regulation 30(6) read with Schedule Ill Part A Para A Clause 15 of SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (Listing Regulations), the transcripts of 
the earning call conducted on Monday, 17*" November 2025 for the Q2FY26 is attached herewith. 
The same will also be hosted on the website of the company at https://www.ddevgroup.in/media- 
centre-interaction within the tab Earnings Call and under the head Transcripts. 
Kindly take the aforesaid information on record and oblige. 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
Tanvi Goenka (Membership No. ACS 31176) 
Company Secretary 
Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
Regd. Office : 2B, Pretoria Street, Kolkata - 700 071 
Tel : +91-33-2282 3744/45/3671/99, E-mail : kolkata@ddevgroup.in, www.ddevgroup.in 
Mumbai Office : 1501, 15th Floor, Lodha Supremus, Senapati Bapat Road, Lower Parel West, Lower Parel, Mumbai — 400 013, India 
Tel.: +91-22-67021470/71/72/73, E-mail : mumbai@ddevgroup.in 
CIN : L24290WB2020PLC241791
[[PAGE 2]]
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
“Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 17, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NARRINDRA SURANNA – CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – DDEV PLASTIKS INDUSTRIES 
LIMITED 
 M R. DDEV SURANNA – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – DDEV PLASTIKS 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 M R. RAJESH KOTHARI – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR – 
DDEV PLASTIKS INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 M R. ARIHANT BOTHRA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
DDEV PLASTIKS INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
  
 
MODERATOR: M R. RUTU CHAVAN – PHILIPCAPITAL PRIVATE 
LIMITED 
 

[[PAGE 3]]
 Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
  November 17, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited Q2 FY 
'26 Earnings Conference Call hosted by PhillipCapital Private Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rutu Chavan from PhillipCapital Limited. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Rutu Chavan: Good morning, everyone. On behalf of PhillipCapital Private Client Group, I welcome all of you 
to the Q2 H1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call of Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited. Today, from 
the management, we have Mr. Narrindra Suranna, Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Ddev 
Suranna, Whole-Time Director and CEO; Mr. Rajesh Kothari, Whole-Time Director; and Mr. 
Arihant Bothra, Chief Financial Officer. 
 I now hand over the conference to Mr. Ddev Suranna for his opening remarks, and then we will 
open the floor for questions and answers. Over to you, sir. 
Ddev Suranna: Good morning. Welcome to the Ddev Plastiks Quarter 2, half yearly financial year earnings call. 
We appreciate your time and continued interest in our journey. Yesterday, our Board of Directors 
approved the financial results for quarter 2 financial year '26. We are pleased to share with you 
our performance highlights, key developments and outlook for the future. 
 As we reflect on this joyous celebration of Diwali and welcome the Samvat, I'd like to extend 
my heartfelt greetings to each and every one of you. I hope you all had a wonderful and joyous 
Diwali filled with light, prosperity and happiness. May the coming year bring renewed energy, 
growth and success to you and your loved ones. In the upcoming Samvat, we at Ddev Plastiks 
remain committed to our strategic path of engineering excellence, expanding our footprint and 
energizing growth. 
 Ddev Plastiks delivered a positive performance in the first half of the year, in line with the 
expectations. Our operating margins remained resilient, reflecting the company's agility and 
success in navigating a dynamic market environment, supported by the strength of the domestic 
economy. 
 The cables and wire sector continues to be central to India's industrial growth, and with rapid 
acceleration of electrification and the renewables push across the country, demand for high-
quality polymer compounds is set to accelerate. Ddev Plastiks is strategically positioned as a 
reliable and trusted partner in this high-growth market. 
 Our commitment to the engineering excellence and innovation has enabled us to consistently 
deliver high-quality polymer compounds, establishing Ddev Plastiks as the largest listed 
polymer compounds manufacturer in India with over 4 decades of industry presence. 
[[PAGE 4]]
 Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
  November 17, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
 To keep pace with the surging demand in the renewables and power sector, we are steadily 
expanding both geographically and across our capabilities as well. As part of our growth 
strategy, we are taking significant steps to address the growing requirements of high-voltage 
cables, while also aiming to strengthen our presence on the global stage in the years ahead. 
Looking forward, our focus will remain on enhancing operational efficiencies, broadening 
product offerings and catering to the evolving needs of diverse industries, thereby creating 
sustainable value for all our stakeholders. 
 Analyzing the broad economic environment amidst all the geopolitical conflicts, firm and 
resolute steps taken by the Indian policymakers to prop up demand, thus, it is a reason for 
optimism for all corporates and consumers at large. 
 The intensity of earnings cut has eased to modest levels and the latest quarterly cuts have been 
the lowest in the past 4 quarters, thereby improving macro policy environment likely to support 
the demand and growth. Liquidity is in a surplus mode and conducive for transition in the festive 
season. Disposable household income should be boosted further by lower personal income tax 
outgo and GST rate . 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, the line from Ddev sir has been disconnected. Please wait while we 
reconnect him. Ladies and gentlemen, we have Ddev sir connected back with us. Please go 
ahead, sir. 
Ddev Suranna: Improved sentiment and purchasing power in rural India should contribute to demand pickup as 
well. Moreover, even on the global front, while the situation is still evolving and stays in flux, it 
appears that the geopolitical whipsaw has been digested by the market. And now the Indian 
government trade officials also sound more sanguine on better terms of trade with the U.S., 
punctuated by the likelihood of lower tariffs. 
 The tariffs imposed by the U.S. are undoubtedly unreasonable and unnecessary. Nonetheless, 
they have a silver lining as they're pushing the government to implement long-term overdue 
reforms. Additionally, these tariffs are likely to motivate Indian companies to innovate and 
compete more effectively on the global stage. Further rationalization in GST is likely to benefit 
MSMEs, SMEs, rural and urban consumption. 
 It is also likely to improve the discretionary income for the masses, which will benefit the 
consumer discretionary sector and improve the credit growth, which has been sluggish since FY 
'25. One of the sectors which would be a key beneficiary of this would be real estate, which 
would further create demand for wires and cables, which will impact us positively as 
approximately 81% of our revenues come from the wires and cable sector. 
 The global energy landscape is undergoing a transformative shift with renewable sources, 
particularly solar and wind power emerging at the forefront of this transition. This monumental 
change is simultaneously creating a surge in demand for advanced materials, especially polymer 
compounds, which serve as a critical enabler in a wide range of renewable and electrical 
applications. 
[[PAGE 5]]
 Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
  November 17, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
 As India's largest listed polymer compounding company, Ddev Plastiks is strategically poised 
to harness this momentum. Our differentiated solutions known for the superior properties for 
electrical insulations, corrosion resistance, heat and thermal stability and long-term durability 
are gaining wider acceptance globally, opening a multitude of growth avenues for the company. 
 On the domestic front, India's energy requirements are projected to reach 817 gigawatts by 2030 
with an ambitious target of sourcing 50% of the electricity from renewable energy. The country's 
transition to greener power, coupled with the transmission market estimated to nearly INR60,000 
crores underscores a structural opportunity that will accelerate the uptake of high-performance 
polymer compounds. These structural drivers align seamlessly with Ddev Plastiks core 
competence, establishing us as an essential partner for our evolving power and transmission 
ecosystem. 
 Equally compelling is the trajectory of the Indian cable and wire sector anticipated to expand at 
almost twice the pace of India's GDP. Fueled by rapid urbanization, heightened infrastructure 
investments and robust electricity demand, this segment is expected to witness sustained 
acceleration. Polymer compounds are the cornerstone of this industry, and hence, this growth 
will directly enhance our addressable market. 
 Taken together, the convergence of the macroeconomic tailwinds and sectoral growth drivers 
builds a highly promising outlook for the next decade. At Ddev Plastiks, we are committed to 
reinforcing our market leadership, accelerating innovation and delivering sustainable value 
creation for all our stakeholders. Our vision is not just to participate in this evolving energy 
infrastructure transformation, but also to play an enabling role in shaping it. 
 Ddev Plastiks is India's largest manufacturer of polymer compounds with more than 200 
compounds backed by 5 state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities, which are strategically located 
across both the East and West Coast. This well-planned geographical footprint not only enhances 
our operational efficiency, but also enables us to optimize freight costs and serve customers with 
greater agility. 
 Our current installed capacity as of September '25 stood at 238,400 metric tons per annum. We 
successfully commissioned a new PVC facility with an installed capacity of 15,000 metric tons 
in October '25. Furthermore, an additional capacity of 5,000 metric tons of HFFR compounds 
and 10,000 metric tons of PVC compounds is scheduled to be operational by the end of this 
calendar year. 
 Today, we cater to a broader spectrum of industry and proudly export to over 55 countries 
globally, underscoring our strong international presence and the agility and ability to align with 
the global quality standards and benchmarks. 
 Our progress and success are powered by dedication of a highly skilled workforce of more than 
400 employees who bring expertise, commitment and innovation at every aspect of our 
operations. Aligned with our vision statement, Ddev Plastiks is charting a course towards 
expansion and diversification. We are committed to enlarging our capacity and activities across 
[[PAGE 6]]
 Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
  November 17, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
various fields through the implementation of new projects and the introduction of innovative 
products. 
 Now I would like our CFO, Mr. Arihant Bothra, to add some more. 
Arihant Bothra: Thank you, Ddev ji. Good morning, everyone. I would like to begin by extending my warm 
wishes to all of you for a very happy New Year. I also hope you and your families had a joyful 
and safe Diwali filled with prosperity and happiness. We at Ddev Plastiks are pleased to report 
a positive second quarter and first half of FY '26 results. As of H1 FY '26, our volumes stood at 
99,937 metric tons, while our capacity utilization stood at 84%, registering 10% volume growth 
year-on-year basis. 
 For the first half of the year, revenue from operations reached approximately INR1,450-odd 
crores, representing a 20% Y-o-Y growth. This performance were primarily driven by sustained 
strong demand in the wire and cable industry, coupled with increase in our average selling price. 
EBITDA stood at INR154 crores with a margin of 11%, while PAT was approximately INR99 
crores, delivering a margin of 7% for the period. 
 For the Q2 FY '26, revenue from operations reached approximately INR680 crores, representing 
a 17% Y-o-Y growth. EBITDA stood at INR75 crores with a margin of 11%, while profit after 
tax was approximately INR47 crores, delivering a margin of 7% for the quarter. 
 We also saw sequential improvement in revenue and EBITDA per ton to INR1,41,802 for 
EBITDA -- for the revenue and INR15,559 for EBITDA per ton, and improvement in our 
capacity utilization levels to 84%, highlighting strong demand landscape for Ddev Plastiks. 
 This performance was primarily driven by strong domestic demand, improved export 
performance despite the challenges posed by heavy monsoon and U.S. tariff impacts. Looking 
ahead, we anticipate the positive demand momentum will continue in the upcoming periods. 
During the quarter, we continued our capex programs, adding capacity for Sioplas compounds 
of 5,000 metric tons, bringing our total installed capacity to 238,400 metric tons per annum. 
 Production volumes also saw a healthy growth of 8% year-on-year basis for the quarter, reaching 
48,204 metric tons. Capacity utilization improved both sequentially and Y-on-Y basis, standing 
at 87%. Our capex plans remain on track with an expected investment of INR110 crores for this 
financial year. 
 We now open the floor for question and answers. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
comes from the line of Guru Darshan from Kitara Capital. 
Guru Darshan: Sir, in the current quarter, we have done around 48,300 tons of volume, which is almost a 7% 
degrowth Q-o-Q basis or 8% of growth Y-o-Y basis. Just wanted to understand what are the 
broad factors leading to lower volume growth in the current quarter? And also, it would be 
helpful to elaborate on the current demand situation, like what's it like? 
[[PAGE 7]]
 Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
  November 17, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
Arihant Bothra: So I would like to take the first question. See, generally, if you see the first quarter being the 
monsoon period, that cable laying and everything gets impacted -- sorry, for this quarter, second 
quarter. So because of that, if you track any of our second quarters, it always remains at the 
lowest as compared to -- rather, it should be compared with the monsoon period.  
Whenever the monsoon is heavy, that quarter is comparatively lowest for that particular financial 
year. So if you see this particular financial year, first quarter, we did roughly 52,000 tons of 
volume and this quarter, roughly 48,000 tons. 
This marginal impact is mainly contributed by the power cable and distribution cable segment, 
which is impacted because of cable laying. Otherwise, in most of the areas, if you see, we have 
grown. So this is just to give you a perspective why it is such. On the second part, as regards to 
the demand, Kothariji, I will request you to intervene. 
Rajesh Kothari: In addition to what Arihant has explained, for the drop in the -- means the lower growth or the 
quarter-on-quarter degrowth in second quarter, the first thing is monsoon, and monsoon had 
been quite extended and severe this year. So that has impacted the demand. And second aspect 
is this US tariff, which has kicked in, in the early August. So that also had an impact on our 
volumes. So both these things put together have impacted our second quarter numbers. 
Now looking at the current scenario, we are seeing positive tick on both. The monsoon is not 
anymore active. So we are seeing very strong demand and strong offtake forecast by our 
customers. So we feel that next 2 quarters, not only the third quarter, but the last quarter should 
be quite strong from the domestic demand point of view. And we are also seeing some optimism 
on the US exports. We have seen the revival of the demand from our customers for US market 
from now on. So we see both these factors behind us and the next 2 quarters should deliver better 
growth. 
Guru Darshan: Got it. In terms of EBITDA per ton, which has improved sequentially and year-on-year basis, 
which is around INR15,600 per ton, would you be able to maintain the same margin considering 
you have added PVC capacity, which is a lower margin business? 
Arihant Bothra: So as you see, we have added PVC of 25,000 tons -- rather, we are adding in this entire financial 
year of 25,000 tons, while we're also adding XLPE capacity -- already added for 5,000 tons, 
HFFR being added for 5,000 tons, some other XLPE compounds are also being added. So it's a 
blend.  
So what we are doing is we are not concentrating only on the lower basket, not concentrating 
only on the higher basket. Right now, we are concentrating on the demand factor first, followed 
by the blend, the product mix. So if we consider both, definitely, our guidance range of 14.5% 
to roughly 16.5%, 16%, 16.5% is something which we continue to remain. And the outcome, 
you can say the result of the same is visible in the second quarter. 
Guru Darshan: Okay. Understood. Sir, one last question. Sir, in previous calls, you had mentioned there is no 
difference in EBITDA margin with respect to domestic versus exports. In the current quarter, 
are you seeing any signs of improvement in margins in exports? Is the freight cost normalized? 
Or is it still at the higher levels? Just wanted to understand more on the exports. 
[[PAGE 8]]
 Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
  November 17, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
Narrindra Suranna: Kothariji? 
Rajesh Kothari: Export EBITDA being equal to domestic EBITDA was during the period when sea freight has 
gone up substantially. But now we are seeing the margins recovering for export also and a bit of 
higher margin we are getting from export transactions. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Arnav Sakhuja from Ambit Capital. 
Arnav Sakhuja: So my first question is, can you give us a bit of an update on the status of the trial of the 132 kV 
products in the XLPE segment? 
Rajesh Kothari: See, this is a topic where we have not seen any progress yet, because 2 key customers of ours, 
we cannot name them. So they both are running almost at full capacity and have not been able 
to allocate in any space for trial. But hopefully, this coming quarter, means January to March, 
we should be able to get these trials done, because third customer has very recently agreed to 
give us space in the first quarter of next calendar year, which is January to March 2026, a space 
for a trial. So we are very hopeful now almost sure that first quarter of 2025-'26 -- sorry, calendar 
year '26, we'll see this trial getting through. 
Arnav Sakhuja: And just on your employee cost. So I saw that it increased to around INR13.3 crores this quarter. 
So is there any specific reason for this increase? Is it a one-off? Or like will this be the run rate 
going forward? 
Arihant Bothra: So it is practically the annual bonus as well as the arrear which has led to additional outgo in 
this particular quarter. When you want to see an average, then it will be an average of H1 which 
you need to follow. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Bobby Jay from Frunze Investments. 
Bobby Jay: Regarding the volume growth, you mentioned that the monsoons had delayed it. But if you look 
at the wire and cable players like KEI and Polycab, they have shown about 15% volume growth. 
How is that? 
Rajesh Kothari: Yes. So now first of all, KEI, Polycab, and there are many more companies like RR and then 
many more, they might have shown better growth in this season. And there might be many 
companies which might have seen degrowth in this quarter. We do not have an access to all the 
numbers of every cable company.  
But the fact remains, and it is historically, this is a fact that monsoon season is a difficult season 
because you do not have the cable laying activity, because cable laying activity is done in an 
open space and you should not have any disturbance of rain. And whenever you are making 
trenches, there shouldn't be water in the trenches when you are laying the cable. 
So it is a common fact known to everybody that the rainy season will have lower activity of 
cable laying. And this year, monsoon had been very, very severe. So this is a real impact. I really 
can't comment with regard to Polycab and KEI, because they are having a very big mix. They 
[[PAGE 9]]
 Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
  November 17, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
don't do only the power cable. They do huge volume in the building wire, where the cables are 
being installed within the shaded areas, means indoor installations are quite high. 
Bobby Jay: All right. Makes sense. Okay. The second question is, if I look at Page 22 of your slide deck, 
you see the utilization for XLPE and Sioplas have come down quarter-on-quarter, whereas PVC 
is going up. It's gone up from 82% to -- from 57% last year to 82%. So are we seeing a trend 
towards lower margins? 
Rajesh Kothari: No, no. This again proves the point which I just conveyed to you. The PVC mostly goes for 
building wire application, for indoor application. That is why you might have seen the last 
quarter utilization for PVC remaining strong, but XLPE and Sioplas and semicons, they are 
mostly for power distribution application, where you have to lay the cable in the open 
environment. So there, you might have seen some kind of lower utilization in the second quarter. 
That should pick up. So now when you compare the second half results with the first half results 
going forward, you will see that acceleration in the XLPE and semicons would be greater than 
PVC. 
Bobby Jay: Okay. I understand. And you also mentioned that HFFR sales, you say were impacted by 
subdued demand due to effect of US tariffs. Can you expand on that? What does this really 
mean, because we don't directly export? Yes, please. 
Rajesh Kothari: We do not export directly, but our customers, our cable makers are exporting cables to USA. So 
if they are not exporting cables to USA, they are not buying that particular raw material in this 
period. So that has impacted our demand and our sales for the second quarter. 
Bobby Jay: So most of the sales for HFFR are actually going as exports, deemed exports, that is from your 
perspective? 
Rajesh Kothari: No, no. It is deemed export. It is domestic as well. So in domestic also HFFR, major this laying 
is again for power distribution application and the solar application. So, solar application also 
goes down during the rainy season. So, these two areas have really impacted HFFR volumes. 
One more point I would like to highlight that as Arihant has made in this opening comment that 
we have added capacity of HFFR. So we have taken a bit of shutdown also to get ready for that 
new machine installation of HFFR. So some output has been lost because of that as well. 
Bobby Jay: Okay. I understand. But what percent is for exports in general for HFFR? 
Rajesh Kothari: HFFR export is around -- say, whatever we are doing currently, around 25% is going for exports. 
Arihant Bothra: Meaning, your customers are exporters? 
Rajesh Kothari: Yes, yes. 
Bobby Jay: I see. And also, why are you expanding capacity for PVC given its lower margins? Is there a 
trend towards PVC cables in the industry? 
[[PAGE 10]]
 Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
  November 17, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
Rajesh Kothari: No. You might have heard that the people like Adani and UltraTech, they are adding capacity 
for wire and cable with a new start-up, okay? And both these companies will start their business 
initially with the building wire, okay? And there, the major congestion is of the PVC. And we 
feel that we have a great opportunity to serve the requirement. And for that, we are adding this 
capacity of PVC. It is just getting ready for the demand which we anticipate to come from these 
2 giants, Adani and this UltraTech, both. 
Bobby Jay: I see. It's more for them. And the last question, what is the significance of revenue per ton that 
you report in your slides? Isn't that driven by just raw materials mostly? 
Arihant Bothra: Yes, you are correct, it is driven by the raw material, but as well as it is also driven by the product 
mix. When we move more towards the high-margin products or you can say the XLPE segment 
specifically, then the average always goes up. So there has been multiple discussions over 
different calls that we don't reflect the average revenue per ton to guide properly what is the 
proper realization. That is why we added this specific slide for, you can say, reference to the 
shareholders. 
Bobby Jay: Even for this, what you mentioned, isn't EBITDA per ton a better indicator? 
Arihant Bothra: Yes, we are highlighting by product mix. 
Bobby Jay: Yes, I understand. Just I couldn't quite get the significance. For product mix, EBITDA per ton 
should tell the whole story, shouldn't it, your profitability? 
Arihant Bothra: See, what happens, if you see the revenue per ton for FY '23, it was roughly INR174, driven by 
the higher raw material prices. But in FY '24, it came down to roughly INR145, INR146. So we 
grew by volume, but we didn't grow by revenue. So a lot of shareholders and investors were 
interested to understand why we say there is a growth, but it is not reflected.  
So that is why we specifically highlighted the revenue per ton to clearly show whether the growth 
is coming from increase in prices or increase in volumes. Both have been highlighted today in 
the presentation. 
Bobby Jay:  Thank you. That’s it from me. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Rishabh Agarwal from Suraag Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Rishabh Agarwal: Yes. So a few questions from my side. The first one was around gross margin per kg, because 
given that we have a pass-through model. And at a year-on-year level, we have seen a reduction 
of 5%, if I just compare it for this quarter. Do we see any -- is that just because of the mix change, 
because there is a higher contribution or rather a lower contribution of XLPE? Or are we also 
seeing a higher competitive intensity coming from the more MNC players? 
Arihant Bothra: So it is more towards the product mix. And as you correctly highlighted, in this particular quarter, 
the XLPE has comparatively not grown or degrown by hardly some percentages, but PVC has 
grown. So effectively, the lower margin is higher, you can say, a percentage of the revenue. And 
[[PAGE 11]]
 Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
  November 17, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
that is why the average gross contribution or gross margin you see is a marginal movement here 
and there.  
So that is something which will keep on moving depending on the product mix. But on a broader 
side, if you see, on an annual basis, except one year where it was an exception for us, if you see 
the last full year and this year, the margins are more or less in the similar lines. It has not moved 
much, except rather if you see the year of FY '24. Rather, if I compare that with the previous 
years, then it has improved from there on, roughly from 85% to in the range of 81% to 82%. 
Rishabh Agarwal: The other one was, I know previous participants have also asked this question, but I want to 
maybe frame it in a slightly different manner. If we look at only power cable companies, which 
are more 33 kV, 66 kV segment, they have also reported almost like 20%, 25% volume growth 
at least for this quarter.  
So in your estimation, maybe it is advanced supplies which might have happened in quarter 1, 
but do you see any market share difference, any reduction in pass-through pricing in the 
industry? Because I completely get it, monsoon has been high. I understand that would have had 
an impact on volumes. But again, thinking it more from a market share perspective, what is your 
sense of your change in market share over the last 2, 3 quarters? 
Narrindra Suranna: Kothari ji? 
Rajesh Kothari: See, what we hear from all our customers is that the monsoon period demand had been weak at 
their end. So that is a clear correlation between the performance of the cable producers who are 
mostly in power distribution cables and our performance. There, we are having a clear feedback 
from all our customers.  
Additionally, our volume, a few percentage here and there, compared to all our cable customers 
is impacted due to this U.S. export impact. Because all Indian cable customers are not exporting 
to U.S.A. There are a handful of them who are exporting to U.S.A., but we are the key supplier 
to all of them.  
So if you look at the cable fraternity, you'll find three or four or maybe five or maybe some of 
them are in unlisted space also, they might have reported a drop in their volume due to the lower 
export to U.S.A. But as a listed entity in the compounding segment who is serving their demand, 
we have seen the major impact on volume drop because of this deemed export to U.S.A. 
Rishabh Agarwal: And so how would you think about your market share there? Like broadly, where do you -- like 
at a broad level, broad strokes level, what is, according to you, your market share in XLPE 
segment, in PVC segment, or even at a blended level? 
Rajesh Kothari: Yes. In fact, on the PVC, we have highlighted it in past. So I would repeat those numbers again, 
and we remain more or less in that zone. That is that in PVC, the market share is very low. 
Insignificant, I would say. It is below 10%, close to 5% or 6%. Now coming to XLPE segment. 
XLPE segment, in the Sioplas, high voltage, medium voltage category, our market share is close 
to 80%. And rest of the areas, the low-voltage Sioplas, our market share is close to 50%.  
[[PAGE 12]]
 Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
  November 17, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
Then if we come to XLPE and semicons, our market share is one-third of the market. In HFFR, 
our market share is close to 15% at the moment, 15% to 20% of Indian market. So this is the 
total overall scenario. And last quarter's numbers does not reflect any change in our market share. 
Rishabh Agarwal: Just last question, accounting-wise, from my side. Other income saw an increase, and generally, 
we have seen you guys say that other income also mostly forms part of operating income. So 
any reason for other income being, this quarter, INR10.8 crores? And what was the contributor 
to it? 
Ddev Suranna: Arihant? 
Arihant Bothra: Sorry? 
Rishabh Agarwal: Yes, Arihant, the question was on other income. This quarter, we reported INR10.8 crores other 
income and we have… 
Arihant Bothra: Yes, yes. It majorly comprises of interest income and exchange gain and losses. If you see 
overall, our balance sheet numbers are also visible over there. We have a high amount of, you 
can say, deposits lying under FDs as well as mutual funds. So the return on the same is 
highlighted separately over there as per the requirement of Ind AS. 
While this is a temporary arrangement wherein, we are parking the excess balance to keep -- 
between the time bridge mismatches. So this is basically because of that. 
Rishabh Agarwal:  Understood. Thank you. These are the questions from my side. All the very best. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Bhargav from Ambit Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Bhargav: Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, my first question is that if we look at the volume growth in 
PVC, it is extremely strong, upwards of 40% on a Y-o-Y basis. Now despite such a strong 
volume growth, the gross profit per kg, if we exclude other income, hasn't fallen much. So it's 
fallen by just 6% to about INR24.5 per kg.  
Does this mean that even in PVC, we are actually reporting higher gross margins in terms of per 
kg as compared to the past. So is there any value-added stuff in PVC, which means that going 
forward, even if the PVC contribution rises, the gross profit per kg at the company level may 
not decline much. Is that assessment correct, sir? 
Rajesh Kothari: See, as in various conferences we have shared that in PVC also -- PVC or other products, where 
the margins are low, we are trying to do our best to improve margin wherever it is possible by 
introducing new product or, what you call, difficult products to be made by our competition in 
India. And in that process, yes, PVC demand had been very strong, and demand from building 
wire segment had been very strong where people demand high-performance product. 
So our PVC segment also had a share -- within this PVC compound group, we had higher share 
from better earning products compared to the lower earning products. That is why we have not 
taken such a serious hit to our final EBITDA despite PVC contribution being high. 
[[PAGE 13]]
 Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
  November 17, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
Bhargav: And sir, when do we start getting demand from the newer players in PVC like Adani and 
UltraTech? And is it fair to say that year-end, again, the margins on PVC will be better than our 
existing customers? 
Rajesh Kothari: Yes. With these new two customers, they are going for building wire segment. So their 
requirement will be of high-end products. So definitely, the EBITDA should be better than the 
average of the PVC compound. And we expect the demand because we are regularly in touch 
with their teams. 
So what we hear from them that they should be able to start the production somewhere in the 
first quarter of the calendar year 2026, or the worst case, first quarter of financial year '27. 
Bhargav:  Okay. Alright. Thank you so much for the answers and all the very best. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Jyoti Singh from LIC Mutual Fund. Please 
go ahead. 
Jyoti Singh: Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, first question is in terms of your guidance, if you can give, 
like how do you see your margins and volumes trending .How do you see the demand... 
Moderator: I'm sorry to interrupt you, Ms. Jyoti, but your voice is breaking in between. Can you please go 
to a better network area? 
Jyoti Singh: Is it stable now? 
Moderator: It's still breaking, ma'am. 
Arihant Bothra: No issues. I got the question. She wants to understand the guidance for this financial year as far 
as the volume growth and the margin profile is concerned. 
Jyoti Singh: And how do you see the demand visibility in your end towards the end-user industry or the 
capacity utilisation going ahead? 
Arihant Bothra: Sure. So when you see the volume growth targets, definitely, we are on track. We achieved 
roughly 190,000 tons in the last entire financial year. And this year, we have a target to achieve 
somewhere in the range of 210,000 tons to 220,000 tons. That is the overall target we are 
focusing on. 
As far as the EBITDA margin is concerned, see, our focus and our guidance has always been 
categorically clear in the range of 10% to 12%. And we, with the, we can say, blessings of God 
are at an average of 10% plus as of now, and we hope to be in the same queue only. 
 As far as the demand factor is concerned, Kothari ji already highlighted that the second quarter 
remains comparatively impacted quarter due to monsoon. And this year being a heavy monsoon, 
it has been an impact, supported by U.S. tariffs. Otherwise, there has been an increase in -- there 
are chances of export, which we are also impacted in this particular quarter. 
[[PAGE 14]]
 Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
  November 17, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
 But going forward, we see a very strong demand as we see the domestic strong demand in this 
particular quarter also. And we envisage that with the demand which is there in these 2 quarters 
-- expected in these 2 quarters, we'll be able to achieve our given target. So roughly, you can say 
we'll be able to achieve our revenue in the range of INR2,850 crores to INR2,950-odd crores 
and margins will be in the range of 10% to 12% of EBITDA margin. 
Jyoti Singh: Okay. Yes. That's helpful. Sir, my second question is pertaining to, means I want to understand 
how is the nature of your order cycle with respect to your key customers in terms of how typically 
do you receive orders? Is it on a spot basis, like aligned with the immediate demand, or there is 
a lag period? 
Arihant Bothra: Generally, ma'am, what happens -- when we are dealing with big customers who are the leaders 
in the industry and then there are Tier 2 as well, most of the companies give us an indicative 
plan for the month at the start of the month or at the end of the previous month. Now the demand 
flows or rather order flows every weekly basis at the spot prices. 
 So whenever there is a change in prices, the next prices will prevail. So it is basically a spot 
order, but with an order planned, you can say, production plan or you can say whatever is the 
lifting plan is something an indicator is being given to us. This is majorly driven for the domestic 
customers. 
 For export, again, there are 2 types of customers. One, who give us an order or a plan for a 
definitive period, which can be 1 month, 2 months or max 3 months, whereas there can be 
customers who come on spot basis also. So in both the cases, when you talk about the planning 
for dispatch, it happens on the basis of dispatch schedule, while in case of spot orders, the pricing 
is spot. 
 In case of the, you can say, tenure order or period order, which can be 1 month, 2 months or 3 
months at max, these are having some leverage in terms of tolerance of prices, because there can 
be increase and decrease in the freight rates and the prices of raw material. This is how practically 
the pricing and the lifting happen. 
Jyoti Singh: What is the ratio in terms of your spot versus your tenure orders? Is it more on the spot basis? 
Or is it more on... 
Arihant Bothra: More on the spot basis. You can say roughly 75% to 80% is on spot basis. 
Jyoti Singh: Okay. Then if you can give a guidance, like you said about this year capex, what sort of capex 
can we expect for the next 2 years, because we are majorly into the expansion mode. So what 
sort of capex are we expecting for the next 2 years? 
Arihant Bothra: See, ma'am, we announced roughly INR300-odd crores a year back for the entire capex plan, 
and we are on track for the same. Last year, we did roughly INR50-plus-odd crores, INR55 
crores to be very precise. This year, we have committed for INR110 crores, maybe we will end 
up doing more than that. 
[[PAGE 15]]
 Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
  November 17, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
 Next year also, we have plans of investing more than INR100-odd crores. And this is only the 
pure capital investment in terms of physical assets which we are talking about. All these 
investments will need an additional working capital margin as well, which is over and above 
this. 
 So if we are talking about a capex of roughly INR300-odd crores, you should consider that there 
will be a margin requirement of additional INR300-odd crores also. So overall, the investment 
which is flowing into the business is approximately INR500 crores to INR600-odd crores. 
Jyoti Singh: Okay. And you expect your capex in terms of your original guidance of INR300 crores? 
Arihant Bothra: Sorry, sorry, I missed your words. Your voice is not clear. 
Jyoti Singh: Can we expect FY '27 to be a peak capex period considering your earlier announcement of 
INR300 crores? 
Arihant Bothra: So the peak investment year will be this financial year, next financial year as far as the current 
capex announcement is concerned. But since we are already on the capex mode and expansion 
mode, once this comes to a position that these are all running and the demand is envisaged, we 
may plan for additional capex also. 
 So that is a continuing program. We are just following, you can say, a path, which we have 
already announced and going ahead. Once we come to a point that it is -- see, PVC was never 
announced earlier, but PVC has been done. So in the same manner, as soon as we see a good 
demand for a particular product, we may add additional capex for that as well. So that is how -- 
it is a continuous exercise. 
Jyoti Singh: Okay. Okay. Sir, if I may put in more one question. So basically, I want to understand if we can 
provide a road map towards your target of achieving INR5,000 crores by FY '30 revenue basis. 
So if you can just give me a road map on that, what sort of growth you are expecting? 
Arihant Bothra: So if you see the road map, we have already guided that roughly 14% to 15% on a CAGR basis 
will be growing every year. And if you see the last 3 years, we have been growing at a similar 
pace of 13% to 15%-odd. And we continue to maintain that. And for that, whatever capacity 
needs to be added or physical infrastructure needs to be built, everything in pipeline is being 
done. If we are required to build a brownfield site, we are building those sites. If we are required 
to build a greenfield site, we are not shying away from it, and we are working on it. 
Jyoti Singh: Okay. Lastly, just wanted to understand how do you see your new investments pertaining to 132 
kV and 210 kV? How do you see the market demand for this particular product? Do you see the 
market -- demand particularly coming to products beyond INR16 EBITDA per ton in terms of 
kg? 
Arihant Bothra: See, as far as the demand is concerned, it has got a good demand. And earlier, there were only a 
couple of players in the country. Now the number of players are increasing year-by-year. So 
definitely, the requirement for the same product in India will go up. We are on track. Only we 
[[PAGE 16]]
 Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
  November 17, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
are delayed as far as the first testing is concerned, because we want to do it with an Indian player 
to take it global. 
 We don't want to do it on a global scale and then come back to India, because it will take more 
time than we envisage. So we want to do it here. And as Kothari ji highlighted at the start of the 
call that it is planned now in the first quarter of the calendar year of 2026. And hopefully, once 
that is done, we will be through with our 132 cable compounds. 
 Now once the trial is through, we'll plan for the additional capex for that, which is already in 
pipeline. And once we supply the 132 kV cable compounds for a couple of years in the market, 
we will be working on 220 as well. So 220 as of now seems to be going ready by 2029 or '30. 
But 132 is something which will be visible in the next calendar year. 
Jyoti Singh: Okay. Thanks a lot, sir. That was really helpful. Thanks for the detailed answer. 
Arihant Bothra: Thank you. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Vignesh Iyer from Sequent Investments. Please go 
agead. 
Vignesh Iyer: Sir, my question is more on HFFR product in near term. I mean, with the extended monsoon... 
Moderator: I'm sorry to interrupt you, Mr. Vignesh, but your voice is not clear. Can you speak through your 
handset, please? 
Vignesh Iyer: Yes, I'm on handset only. Hold on for a sec. Hello. Is it better now? 
Moderator: Yes, sir, you are audible. 
Vignesh Iyer: Okay. So my question is more on the HFFR part of it in near term. I mean, with the extended 
monsoon and this quarter being the first full quarter with the 50% tariff, I mean, how has the 
offtake been for this product in this first half of this quarter, I mean, the 45 days, if you could 
give some idea about it, because there are a few players who are on the export side of it. 
 They have been very cautious about how things are compared to last quarter, because last quarter 
was more of a mix of 25% and 50% tariff, but this being entirely a 50% tariff quarter, there 
seems to be some slower offtake on their part. So if you could share your insight on this part? 
Rajesh Kothari: Yes, let me take this question. See, on the HFFR, the volume contribution comes not only from 
the export -- deemed export to U.S.A., but also from the renewable energy segment in India. As 
we explained in the case of earlier question that installation and activity for solar installation 
was also low during monsoon season. That has picked up already. 
 And we are seeing revival of the orders to U.S.A. also. So this quarter, the statement which we 
are making is that we see better demand for all our products across the board and also HFFR is 
based on what we have seen in the last 45 days. So the demand is coming back. 
[[PAGE 17]]
 Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
  November 17, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Vignesh Iyer: Okay. I mean the question was more on the lines -- not on the -- I mean, we will eventually get 
your guidance for the full year, but would it be fair to say that the quarter 4 would be having the 
major chunk of the volume and revenue for this year and quarter 3 could be more on flattish or 
a bit more than what it was last year same quarter? 
Rajesh Kothari: Three and four, both are bound to be better. 
Vignesh Iyer: Okay. Got it, sir. That's all from my side and all the best. 
Rajesh Kothari: Thank you. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of from Deeya from Sapphire Capital. Please go ahead. 
Deeya: Sir, I just wanted to understand what our EBITDA per ton is going to be for Q3 and Q4 going 
forward? 
Arihant Bothra: See, it is very difficult to quote the EBITDA per ton immediately on this basis. But yes, as I 
highlighted, it depends on the product mix as well as the export and domestic mix. So on a 
broader sense, we can say, in this particular financial year, we have been, on an average, been 
above INR15,000 per ton, and we hope that it will be continued for this entire financial year. 
 We initially guided for EBITDA per ton of INR14 to INR16, but you can see, as the period 
graduates, we are doing better. For the first quarter, we were at roughly INR15,300. And this 
quarter, we have closed at roughly INR15,500. So we are improving. Product mix is improving. 
And now there has been lower intensity of monsoon, no issue as far as the rains and cable laying 
is concerned, things will improve from here. We see it from that perspective. Though PVC mix 
will be added, which will drag the average EBITDA, but we don't see it is going below 15 
definitely. 
Deeya: So hopefully, we can reach like INR16,000 per ton? 
Arihant Bothra: Maybe. Yes, 
Deeya: And the revenue for the whole year, can we expect it to be like INR2,800 crores, INR2,900 
crores, or higher than that? 
Arihant Bothra: Yes. We have already guided for a revenue of INR2,800 to INR2,900 already for this financial 
year. Rather to be precise, it is in the range of INR2,850 to INR2,950. So that is the guidance 
for this particular financial year. 
Deeya: And grow by another 10% to 12% for the next year? 
Arihant Bothra: See, on CAGR basis, definitely, we'll be growing at 12% minimum to meet our targets of FY30 
at INR5,000-odd crores. We are on the same track. And hopefully if you see the percentages 
back calculated from 5,000 crores, it is roughly coming to 12% to 13% only from today. The 
volume is already growing at 10-plus percentages. 
[[PAGE 18]]
 Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
  November 17, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Deeya: And that you said like that you can achieve like 210,000 to 220,000 for FY26? 
Arihant Bothra: Yes. 
Deeya: And also the INR110 crores of capex, how much have we done by now? 
Arihant Bothra: So we have already committed INR90-plus for this first half. 
Deeya: All right, sir. And the remaining is for us to -- you'll be either doing that or higher than that? 
Arihant Bothra: Yes. 
Deeya: All right, sir. Thank you and all the best. 
Arihant Bothra: Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Co. Please 
go ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: Just coming to your reply, Arihant ji, you mentioned about capex of INR90 crores that has been 
planned for the -- that has already been spent for the first half? 
Arihant Bothra: Committed. 
Saket Kapoor: Because sir in purchase of plant property balance is INR22 crores and closing balance is INR14 
crores, INR15 crores? 
Arihant Bothra: So commitment has been done? 
Saket Kapoor: Yes, commitment has been done and we have not spent yet -- not invested as of now. 
Arihant Bothra: In that partial spend and partial advance would be there and including all that INR90 crores 
already has been committed for this financial year. When I tell about commitment, practically, 
I'm talking about already the purchase order being issued to the vendors. 
Saket Kapoor: Correct. Got it. Now only the process we will follow and on milestone, the payment will be 
made? 
Arihant Bothra: Yes. 
Saket Kapoor: Sir when you have told about the EBITDA pert on trajectory of INR15,500 and higher, we are 
also factoring the other income component into it for this quarter also, sir? 
Arihant Bothra: Yes. See, other income – for presentation we have to do it separate Saket ji, but when you see 
the components of the same. When I talk about interest, at one point, I'm showing that I have a 
higher interest cost in this particular financial quarter and at the same time, I'm showing there is 
a higher interest income also. That means I have to borrow from someone and I have to pass that 
money at mutual fund or FD level.  
[[PAGE 19]]
 Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
  November 17, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
It is because I have to keep my limits alive, because when you see the requirement for the coming 
future, we are talking about INR300 crores to INR400 crores of additional working capital 
requirement. So if I don't keep my working capital alive, then I will be suffering from cash flow 
mismatches. So to ensure that everything is in line, we have to do an arbitrage from both sides. 
Saket Kapoor: Okay. Earlier, Arihant ji, you have also mentioned about some annual discounts which we used 
to receive. And then you also mentioned that we are now going to make it more linear. So what 
has been the impact of that? I think some RM you get discount annually? 
Arihant Bothra: That is already linear. Quarter-on-quarter basis, volatility in margins is gone completely rather 
in terms of the RM side. When you see the margins which were there earlier when it was a 
substantial movement, probably you highlight specifically financial year '24. When you compare 
from that year, definitely, it has sustained quarter-wise margins which are there. It is only 
because... 
Rajesh Kumar: Arihant can I come in here? 
Arihant Bothra: Please. 
Rajesh Kumar: Yes. See, Saket ji, it is -- this discount distribution by the suppliers is structured. Any blip, I 
would say, up or down happens in 5, 7 years, one. So 2023, '24 was a year when a new supplier 
came in, which we explained in one of our earlier conference call. And then you have seen the 
loss of linearity as far as the discounts availability is concerned, but rest of the time, you will see 
that discounts are linear. They are being passed on quarter-on-quarter, and we account for 
accordingly. 
Saket Kapoor: And the RM prices and the availability, currently, there is no exaggeration in any of them? 
Rajesh Kumar: No. 
Saket Kapoor: Sir, when we mention HFFR will be the one where we will be upping our capacity on the higher 
side. So taking that into account, what would be -- in the total mix, how will this product look 
once we up our capacity to our desired level? 
Rajesh Kumar: See, Saket ji what happens when discussions is done we highlight the products which are having 
low base. So HFFR had a low base and to achieve that skill for that we have to see capacity 
addition and according to that base you will see that it is happening multiple times, but in tonnage 
it is not that significant. 
 When we say 5,000 to 25,000 it is 5 times means it is 5 times, but that is why it is only 20,000 
tons, whereas in XLPE, your base is already 150,000 tons per annum, even if you add 20% then 
30,000 gets added. So the mix of the entire picture revenue picture and margin picture will not 
change significantly. 
 But yes, this product is a product of future and we have to build that kill is very important. So 
the commentary which is there and to highlight it HFR commentary we keep in front of you. 
[[PAGE 20]]
 Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
  November 17, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
That it is a product of future, where scaling up the capacity is very important, because market 
size will grow and this product significance will grow. 
Saket Kapoor: And sir Arihant sir have confirmed that utilization levels have been lower for this quarter because 
of firstly, the monsoon impact and then the U.S. tariff. So going ahead, our averages earlier used 
to be in the 85%, 87%, and exit of the year, they were 81%. What should be at close of the year? 
I think so you gave a number 210 as a base -- 210 as a total? 
Arihant Bothra: Yes and along with that many capacity will be live. So seeing the percentage will not be the right 
picture. It is more important to see the absolute number. 
Saket Kapoor: Okay. Sir, for H2 exit, what should be our total installed capacity? 
Arihant Bothra: See, by end of H2, as of now, we are saying the capacity will be in the range of roughly 270,000 
plus, because PVC 25,000 will get added. HFFR 5,000 will be added. In 238 we are standing 
and 30 are already added. 268 we will come and then there we are working on some other 
capacities for XLPE and other segments also. 
Saket Kapoor: Okay. But to be very precise, these will not be margin accretive products, both PVC as well as 
-- HFFR is also not meaning in comparable to the highest margin product, Sioplas, these two 
will be only dilutive in nature. So we are confident that the margins you are saying it will be 
maintained going ahead? 
Arihant Bothra: So HFFR is not dilutive in nature, first of all, let me clarify. As far as PVC is concerned, we are 
adding this capacity seeing the future demand. Out of this, the capacity utilization may not be as 
high as we see of XLPE, because those demands are not expected to be feasible in this particular 
financial year. It is expected to go live in the next financial year for my customers. So definitely, 
the demand will not come in this particular financial year. 
It will be more of the current structured products which are going into the market. As Kothari ji 
highlighted, we are working on a few components of specialty in PVC also and then we are 
working on exports also. So that are a few products which are contributing to the comparatively 
better margins and better product mix as far as the current product mix is concerned, as far as 
PVC is concerned. Going forward, since more PVC will get added, house wiring will get added, 
margin profile may not be as high as we see in XLPE. But in the products of PVC segment, 
definitely, it will make sense. 
Saket Kapoor: Right, sir. And sir, this U.S. tariff part has played out into its negative impact or we have 
readjusted with the same, or this will have a lagging impact going forward also, because tariff 
issue no resolution has come yet? 
Rajesh Kumar: See till the resolution is not coming till then you cannot extrapolate or you cannot project 
anything. But what we are trying is that US is not only exported by India and outside countries 
are also doing and some of our certifications have come. So on the base of those certifications, 
we are trying to tap the customers outside India also, who are exporting to U.S. market. 
[[PAGE 21]]
 Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
  November 17, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
So in trial we take some time of 4 months to 6 months so we are expecting that the tariff impact 
in last quarter it was severe and in this quarter what we see from our customers in India that they 
see that the impact will be less. They are hopeful of resolution either in the duty structure or 
from their customers' end, or whatever way, they see some better volumes this quarter. And in 
the meantime, another two quarters' time or maybe one quarter's time, we'll be able to garner 
new customers overseas market also for this product. 
Saket Kapoor: Thank you for all the answers and a very detailed investor presentation, sir. It answers many of 
these questions and gives a lot of insight. So good job done by the team, sir and we hope for the 
continuity. Thank you, sir. 
Management: Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions from the participants, I would 
now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Narrindra Suranna: Yes. This is N.K. Suranna. So I thank everybody for participating in this investors conference 
call. And I hope that our team comprising of Mr. Kothari, Mr. Arihant Bothra and Ddev, 
everybody has replied to the satisfaction of all the investors and I wish everyone good luck. 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 