[[PAGE 1]]
DDEV PLASTIKS 
Date: 28" May, 2026 
To To 
The Manager, The Manager 
Listing Department, Listing Department 
BSE Limited, National Stock Exchange of India Ltd, P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, Exchange Plaza, 
Mumbai - 400 001 Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai- 400051 
Scrip Code: 543547 Symbol: DDEVPLSTIK 
Sub: Transcripts of Earnings Call held on 26.05.2026 
Ref: Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
Dear Sirs 
This is in furtherance to our letter dated 15% May 2026 and 26" May 2026 with respect to Intimation of Schedule of Earnings conference Call for the 4th quarter and financial year ended 31 March 2026 (“Q4FY26”) and submission of audio recording post such conference call, respectively. 
In terms of Regulation 30(6) read with Schedule Il Part A Para A Clause 15 of SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (Listing Regulations), the transcripts of the earning call conducted on Tuesday, 26 May 2026 for the Q4FY26 is attached herewith. 
The same will also be hosted on the website of the company at https://www.ddevgroup.in/media- 
centre-interaction within the tab Earnings Call and under the head Transcripts. 
Kindly take the aforesaid information on record and oblige. 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
Tanvi Goenka (Membership No. ACS 31176) 
Company Secretary 
Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited Regd. Office : 2B, Pretoria Street, Kolkata - 700 071 Tel : +91-33-2282 3744/45/3671/99, E-mail kulkala@ddevgroup in, www.ddevgroup.in Mumbai Office : 1501, 15th Floor, Lodha Supremus, Senapati Bapat Road, Lower Parel West, Lower Parel, Mumbai — 400 013, India Tel.: &91'22767021470/71/72/73. E-mail : mumbav@ddevgruup in 
CIN : L24290WB2020PLC241791
[[PAGE 2]]
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
“Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 26, 2026 
 
     
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NARRINDRA SURANNA – CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – DDEV PLASTIKS INDUSTRIES 
LIMITED 
 M R. DDDEV SURANA – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – DDEV PLASTIKS 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 M R. RAJESH KOTHARI – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR – 
DDEV PLASTIKS INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 M R. ARIHANT BOTHRA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
DDEV PLASTIKS INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 D R. RAKESH TIWARI – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, 
RENEWABLE ENERGY – DDEV PLASTIKS INDUSTRIES 
LIMITED 
  
 
MODERATOR: M S. SELINA SHEIKH – GO INDIA ADVISORS 
 
  

[[PAGE 3]]
 Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
  May 26, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Ddev Plastiks Limited Q4 FY26 Earnings 
Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the 
company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions, and expectations of the company as on date 
of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touch-
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Selina Sheikh from Go India Advisors. Thank you and 
over to you, Ms. Sheikh. 
Selina Sheikh: Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Go India Advisors, I welcome all of you to the Fourth 
Quarter and FY26 Earnings Conference Call of Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited. Today from 
the management, we have Mr. Narrindra Suranna, Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Ddev 
Surana, Whole Time Director and CEO; Mr. Rajesh Kothari, Whole-Time Director; Mr. Arihant 
Bothra, Chief Financial Officer; and Dr. Rakesh Tiwari, CEO of Renewable Energy. 
I now hand over the conference to Mr. Ddev Surana for his opening remarks, and then we will 
open the floor for question and answers. Over to you, sir. 
Ddev Surana: Thank you. Welcome to the Ddev Plastiks Quarter Four Financial Year 2026 Earnings Call. We 
appreciate your time and continued interest in our journey. Yesterday, our Board of Directors 
approved the financial results for quarter four, and we are pleased to share with you our 
performance highlights, key developments, and outlook for the future. 
In its April 2026 India Development Update, the World Bank projects India's rural GDP growth 
at 6.6% for financial year 2027, a moderation amid elevated energy prices, yet positioning us 
among the fastest-growing major economies worldwide. 
Even as the West Asia conflict dampens market sentiment, our growth trajectory remains 
resilient, underpinned by robust domestic demand and sustained manufacturing momentum that 
buffers external shock. 
Our growth-focused budget with elevated government capex alongside fiscal prudence 
progresses on the FTA's lower U.S. tariff and supportive domestic policies will further 
strengthen this outlook, complemented by steady investment flows also paves the way for 
demand-led economy recovery. 
Financial year 2026 presented challenging external environment shaped largely by the Israel-
Iran conflict that escalated from 28th February, disrupting exports, transit routes, tightening raw 
material availability, and triggering steep input cost inflation. 
[[PAGE 4]]
 Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
  May 26, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
The demand sentiment to an extent was dampened by consequent rise in selling prices on the 
back of the geopolitical developments in the Middle East, but our teams executed with agility 
and resilience, enabling us to sustain momentum. 
Against this backdrop, Ddev Plastiks delivered a resilient performance. Our revenue grew by 
13%, exports rose by 30%, and our export volumes expanded 23% as well. Overall volume 
growth of 6% would have approached 10% under normal conditions. 
Our HFR capacity sustained utilization of nearly 50% throughout this period of turbulence. And 
our new Bhiwadi facility commenced commercial operations in the last week of April this year. 
This outcome reflects the strength of our operating model, disciplined execution, and a dominant 
position as India's largest listed polymer manufacturer. 
India's domestic wires and cable sector continues to thrive with robust growth, fueled by surging 
demand across key areas. The rapid adoption of renewables expansion in transmission and 
distribution networks and the nationwide push for data centers. 
The ongoing global geopolitical crisis has intensified focus on localization in a big way, reducing 
import dependencies and bolstering opportunities for homegrown manufacturers. This plays 
directly into the strengths of Ddev Plastiks, a leading domestic polymer compound producer 
with deep roots in this space and proud legacy spanning three generations, positioning us ideally 
in meeting this escalating demand with reliable higher quality solutions for wires and cable 
manufacturers. 
Our strategic priorities at Ddev Plastiks remains firmly anchored to our guided vision of 
achieving business -- consolidated revenue of INR5,000 crores by financial year 2030 from 
polymer compounding business. This ambition is not nearly a target in its natural outcome of a 
disciplined growth road map built on expanding capacities, deepening our geographical 
footprint, and fulfilling ever-growing demands of our customers. 
To sustain this momentum, we have strategically invested in both brownfield and greenfield 
expansions, elevating our total installed capacity to 2,68,400 metric tons per annum this fiscal 
year, adding another additional 30,000 metric tons per annum overall, another 48,000 metric 
tons dedicated to XLPE in operation from April 2026 onwards at a committed capex of INR80 
crores. This capacity addition will take our overall capacity to a level beyond 315,000 tons per 
annum. 
Even as the global macroeconomic landscape underwent significant turbulence through FY26, 
we navigated these headwinds with prudence, ensuring operational resilience and long-term 
vision remains intact. 
In summary, Ddev Plastiks stands at a compelling inflection point, a proven core business 
growing with intent, complementing by a forward-looking entry into the energy storage space 
as well. 
We are confident that the foundations we are laying today will deliver sustained and superior 
value to all our stakeholders in the years ahead. Across the organization, our focus remains on 
[[PAGE 5]]
 Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
  May 26, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
executional excellence, translating strategy into outcomes and strengthening the foundation for 
long-term growth. 
Looking ahead to financial year 2027, we are confident of sustaining our growth trajectory, 
targeting a volume of 231,000 metric tons per annum with a capacity utilization of 73% and a 
year-on-year revenue growth of 13% alongside top line expansion. 
We remain equally focused on margin quality with EBITDA margins anticipated at 
approximately 11%, reflecting our continued emphasis on operational efficiency and value-
accretive business. BESS revenue has not been included in the above figures and will be 
additional to these numbers. 
Beyond the core business, Ddev Plastiks recognized early in the transformative opportunity 
unfolding in India's renewable energy ecosystem. Accordingly, we have taken a strategic 
decision to foray into battery energy storage system sector, a critical enabler for renewable 
energy integration and grid stability. With India entering a multiyear storage capacity build-out, 
underpinned by strong policy support, this segment offers compelling and long-term growth 
visibility. 
Our BESS road map is ambitious yet measured. We aim to develop 5 gigawatt of installed 
capacity in a phased manner with each gigawatt projected to generate approximately INR800 
crores to INR900 crores in revenue. 
This positions BESS as a meaningful and incremental contributor beyond our INR5,000 crores 
revenue aspiration from the polymer compounding business by FY 2030 with an anticipated top 
line -- additional top line of INR2,000 crores to INR2,500 crores alone from this vertical of 
BESS. 
Now, I hand over to our CFO, Mr. Arihant Bothra, for his remarks. 
Arihant Bothra: Thank you, Ddev ji. For the full year ended March 31st, 2026, we are pleased to report a strong 
and resilient performance. Our financial year 2026 revenues grew by 13% year-on-year basis, 
driven by robust momentum in the cables and wire segment. 
EBITDA grew by 12% year-on-year with margins at 11%, a commendable outcome achieved 
despite multiple industry headwinds and softer trade sentiment amid the ongoing geopolitical 
tensions in the Middle East. We closed the fiscal at a PAT of INR202 crores, registering a growth 
of 9% year-on-year basis, a reflection of our sustained operational discipline and earnings 
quality. 
The performance is largely structural in nature and is a direct outcome of our deeply entrenched 
market position wire and cable manufacturers, our unwavering commitment to quality and our 
proud record of zero rejections to death. 
The intensification of the Israel-Iran conflict between 28th February till date introduced material 
macro headwinds for our business, disrupting export logistics and creating significant volatility 
in the raw material availability and cost. 
[[PAGE 6]]
 Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
  May 26, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
The sharp spike in input prices necessitated a pass-through to selling prices, which temporarily 
softened market demand. Encouragingly, the situation has begun to stabilize from April. 
However, we continue to monitor the geopolitical landscape closely and remain agile in our 
response to any further developments. 
Operationally, our volumes for financial year 2026 stood at 2,01,370 metric tons per annum, 
translating a capacity utilization of 77%. The modernization in utilization level is attributable to 
the inclusion of 30,000 metric tons per annum of incremental capacities in PVC and HFFR added 
during financial year 2026, which had limited operating time during the year. 
Turning to our balance sheet. We continue to maintain a strong and resilient financial position. 
Our net worth increased to INR1,013 crores, reflecting a growth of INR179-odd crores over the 
previous year and underscoring our disciplined approach to cash flow management. 
During financial year 2026, we incurred a capital expenditure of close to INR100-odd crores. 
Looking ahead, we plan to invest further INR175-odd crores in financial year 2027, primarily 
towards expanding our XLPE compound capacity with investments earmarked for our 
diversification into BESS as well. 
We are pleased to propose a final dividend of INR1.25 per share for financial year 2026 as a 
final dividend, reaffirming our commitment to delivering consistent returns to our shareholders. 
With this, I end my remarks and now open the floor to question and answers. 
Moderator: Thank you. The first question comes from the line of Archana Gude with IDBI Capital. 
Archana Gude: Hi sir. Thank you for the opportunity and congrats on good set of numbers, decent performance 
despite the challenging times. Sir, three questions. Firstly, in the opening remarks, you spoke 
about 13% revenue growth and 15% volume growth for FY27. So, is that we are expecting some 
NSR, kind of, degrowth over FY26? Any challenges on that front, sir? 
Arihant Bothra: No. What we have done is we have considered the average realization for the current year as the 
base prices because in the current year, there has been multiple cycles of escalations. And the 
current escalations are expected to be coming down when the war situation neutralizes. 
So, we have considered on [inaudible 0:11:34] NSR, which we have achieved this year. Though 
for the current first quarter, the average NSR will be much higher as compared to what we have 
taken on a conservative basis. 
Archana Gude: Okay. Okay. And sir, this 30% growth in export is pretty commendable. So, can you help us 
understand how was the performance in Q4? And how were the first two months of Q1 of FY27? 
Do we see any negative risk to the business in terms of export? 
Arihant Bothra: See, as far as the actual scenario is concerned, I can comment on the month of April, we are -- 
we have done reasonably well. And the consignments stuck in the month of March due to 
logistics issue. A lot of those consignments have been transited in the month of April. So, on a 
[[PAGE 7]]
 Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
  May 26, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
nutshell, I can say you, the average volume in exports have gone up on a month-on-month basis 
in the month of April and to -- May as well. 
Archana Gude: Okay. So, you are saying that March was the, kind of, the lowest and then things have kind of 
improved for us, right? 
Arihant Bothra: Yes. 
Archana Gude: Okay. And sir, for this other income in Q4, there has been substantial jump. So, what contributes 
this other income, sir? 
Arihant Bothra: Actually, it's mainly the M2M gain with regards to the debtors and all. So, there are two different 
reporting parameters as far as Ind AS is required. So, the gain on the debtors and everything is 
reported as other income, which is close to INR10-odd crores, whereas with regards to the 
forward contracts and the imports is reported in the other expenses, which is close to INR11-
odd crores. So, if you knock out the net impact is INR1-odd. 
Archana Gude: Right. Understood. Maybe lastly, if I may. So, this inventory and receivables have gone up at 
the end of FY26. So, is that some contracts are still to be fulfilled? Or how exactly the numbers 
are there? 
Arihant Bothra: So, the -- since we have highlighted already, the average raw material prices have gone up 
substantially. There is a steep increase in the prices, close to 50%-plus. So, now that is the impact 
of that only. 
If you see -- if I even consider 50% to 60% price increase, last year, we had an inventory of close 
to INR50-odd crores. And if you pull out 50% even that, then also the current inventory is 
comparatively comparable. And same is the situation [inaudible 0:14:00] debtors are 
comparatively on a more controlled levels as compared to the inventory. 
Archana Gude: Okay. Understood sir. Sir, thank you so much and all the best sir. 
Arihant Bothra: Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Bhargav Budhadev with Ambit Capital. 
Bhargav Budhadev: Yes, good morning team and congrats on a good set of numbers. Sir, my first question is that in 
your guidance, you mentioned that you are not including the revenues coming in from BESS. 
So, any particular reason why we are not including this? 
Arihant Bothra: This is the first year for us. So, there will be some ramp-up time, which will be required to 
stabilize the production. And that is why as far as revenue guidance is concerned, though we 
consider it will be in the range of INR200-odd crores of revenue. However, for revenue 
guidance, we haven't considered anything. 
Bhargav Budhadev: And at what levels can we breakeven in this business as a separate unit, BESS? 
[[PAGE 8]]
 Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
  May 26, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
Arihant Bothra: Close to the revenue we anticipated for this year, INR200-plus crores of revenue will be a good 
breakeven point. 
Bhargav Budhadev: So, there won't be any loss as such in FY27 from BESS? 
Arihant Bothra: No. 
Bhargav Budhadev: Secondly, sir, obviously, we got the benefit of price hikes in the month of March given our 
inventory. But in April, is it fair to say that we've taken the full price hikes or it is happening on 
a calibrated manner? 
Arihant Bothra: So, in the month of March also, we have played, I will say, a balanced approach. Wherever we 
had inventories, we have committed to our orders. And wherever I think the new orders we have 
taken at an average better rate. I think Kothari ji can add much better to what I can add. 
Rajesh Kothari: See, in the month of March, also, we were able to pass on the increase to a great extent. And in 
the month of April also means March was the worst performing month if you look at the -- what 
you call pass-on effect is concerned. So, we don't think that April will be worse than March, it 
should be probably better than March. 
Bhargav Budhadev: No, because, sir, in March, we would have low-cost inventory, but in April, obviously, inventory 
purchased in March would get sold out. So, in April also, we have taken price hikes or-- 
Rajesh Kothari: Yes, yes, we have taken price hikes starting from the March itself, okay? So, even for the 
contracts, okay, which we were holding in hand and whatever the shortfall was there for the 
inventory, there also, we have been able to affect some price impact, price hikes and customers 
have accepted looking at the situation. 
So March, of course, means the full price hike was not available. So, March, there was an impact 
on our profitability. from the pass-through point of view because the inventories, when we talk 
about the inventories, there are two kind of inventories; one is there in your hand and another is 
the orders which are in transit. 
So, what happened that in the month of March, the cargoes, which were supposed to come in 
the month of March, they didn't arrive of the low price. So, you have to buy at the spot price, 
which was higher and we passed it on to the customer to some extent. 
So, March, we took some hit on account of buying something on the spot. But the advantage of 
held up cargo coming in the month of April at a lower price and that being used against the 
higher price. So, April will, in fact, would show better picture than March. 
Bhargav Budhadev: Okay. And lastly, sir, on the export side, if you can spend some time which geographies you are 
incrementally seeing demand post the war situation? Any particular country where we are 
gaining significant market share post this Iran war? 
Rajesh Kothari: No, all markets have contributed well up to Europe, I would say, because it had not impacted 
demand sales point of view. Latin America and North America has not shown any growth, but 
[[PAGE 9]]
 Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
  May 26, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
rest of the world, say, MENA region mainly, Middle East and North Africa has contributed 
strongly to our numbers. 
Bhargav Budhadev: So, there, we are seeing business. It's not that the business has become negligible in the Middle 
East. 
Rajesh Kothari: No, no, no, no. There the business is strong. 
Bhargav Budhadev: Okay, great sir. thank you very much and all the very best. 
Arihant Bothra: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Jainam Ghelani with Svan Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Jainam Ghelani: Hi, sir. Thank you for this opportunity. So, sir, my first question is that currently, overall, you 
can witness that government is decreasing its spending, which could impact infrastructure. So, 
do you see that this could dampen our demand for wires and cables and thus have further pressure 
on us and have pressure on our working capital because of delay in payments? 
Arihant Bothra: Kothari ji? 
Rajesh Kothari: Yes. See, of course, this industry is connected with the government spending. But over a period 
of time, we have seen that this industry has diversified means the cable producers today are not 
only dependent upon the government spending on infra project because solar and all activities 
are equally done in the private sector. Solar installation is done with an equal intensity from the 
private sector players, be it Adani, be it Tata, be it JSW, be it Reliance. So, that is continuing to 
generate demand. That is one part. 
Second is, of course, one may assume that government spending will go down. But again, 
government has to prioritize where to spend. And looking at the energy disruption -- energy 
sources disruption, the government is putting even more rigorous efforts on renewable side. That 
is second. 
Third, we might have all seen that the peak demand for energy during the summer season is 
going to be a big challenge. And for that, a lot of efforts are being made to keep our grid and the 
distribution system in a healthy manner. 
So, all these things are going to support the demand for wire and cable industry. And on top of 
that, the demand for the reconstruction and demand for keeping the safety stock of all critical 
capital goods item, the cable demand has gone up in the Middle East and North African region, 
the regions which have been affected very badly by this war. 
So, we do not see any impact on our demand or our financials or our cash flows because of this 
perceived cut in the government spending. 
[[PAGE 10]]
 Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
  May 26, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
Jainam Ghelani: And sir, we are guiding volumes of 2.3 lakh for FY27, while our capacity would almost be 3.3 
lakh tons. So, are we trying to be conservative? Or are we expecting some headwinds during the 
year because of which we are giving a lower guidance? 
Rajesh Kothari: No, no, sir. Capacity addition is being done in the spur because, say, for example, in Bhiwadi, 
we put up a capacity of 48,000 tons, knowing fully well that 48,000 tons will not be consumed, 
cannot be sold out in one year's time. 
But you cannot -- because there is a scale with regard to your equipment and installation and 
this and that, to achieve that scale and to give the mass to that particular unit, we have gone 
ahead with the capacity addition of 48,000 tons, which should be fully utilized maybe the next 
financial year means 2027, 2028. So, because of that, you'll see a little lower capacity utilization 
against that capacity addition. 
And as Arihant also said in the opening remarks that this year capacity addition versus the 
utilization might seem low because much of the capacity has come up in the last, say, three, four 
months' time. If you look at the total capacity of 315,000 tons, you will see 80,000 tons has come 
up in last four months. 
Jainam Ghelani: Okay. So, would it be fair to say that in FY28, we assume volumes of almost 2.7 lakh to 2.75 
lakh or that is a bit higher on the higher side? 
Rajesh Kothari: See, if we are saying 2.3 lakhs this year, so 12% to 15% jump for that year also, which will take 
it close to those levels. 
Jainam Ghelani: Okay. Got it. And sir, for our BESS project, have we signed or approached new clients or -- as 
of now or that would be post the commencement of the capacity itself? 
Rajesh Kothari: Arihant? Mr. Tiwari? 
Arihant Bothra: Tiwari ji is here, though. I will just like to add though Tiwari ji can give it a better shot. We have 
started approaching customers. We have started discussing with them. We have started to 
understand their requirement. And in a lot of areas, we are discussing on the technical front as 
well. Tiwari-ji, if you can add a couple of sentences. 
Rakesh Tiwari: Hello. Good morning to all of you. This is Rakesh Tiwari, CEO of Ddev Clean Energy. We had 
already discussed with all the Tier 1 developer in India, including Sterling, Wilson and Enrich 
and Orange. So, this customer, we already started to pitching and demand is high. And just we 
started to have their quality parameters, validation, quality supply chains, all the documentations 
required. So, we had submitted all the documentation to -- by the supplier quality audit point of 
view. 
So, next couple of months, they will see this our factory readiness. And after factory readiness, 
we'll sit together and we'll sign MOU for a long-term to supply in the gigawatt hour scale. Our 
-- is not only container and our base container with our solution. So, we are working for all these 
sectors where this grid is instable and the government is mandatory that you have to put solar 
plus renewable energy sectors. 
[[PAGE 11]]
 Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
  May 26, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
So solar cannot be put across the country without energy storage system. So, we already 
discussed with all the developers are running from 20 years in solar sector. So, this is my 
remarks. And if you -- any particular questions, please let me know. 
Jainam Ghelani: That’s it from side sir. Thank you. 
Arihant Bothra: Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Varun Singh with Alfa Accurate Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Varun Singh: Yes, thank you for the opportunity. My first question is regarding this battery energy storage 
system. I think in the PPT, you called out some INR200 crores of investment. And over and 
above this INR175 crores, we are supposed to outlay for the compounding capacity expansion. 
So, net-net, around INR375 crores or INR400 crores would be the total capex for FY27. Is that 
understanding correct? 
Arihant Bothra: No, no. Let me correct you. Total outlay for this financial year is INR175 crores, including 
BESS. And out of the INR200 crores of BESS, there is a phased manner of implementation, 
which will be happening. So, this year, we are allocating close to INR70-plus-odd crores for 
BESS. 
Varun Singh: I see. So, INR70 crores for BESS and the other INR100 crores would be for the capacity 
expansion? 
Arihant Bothra: Yes. 
Varun Singh: Understood. And when you said that the initial EBITDA margin are pegged 5% to 8% lower 
than the core compounding business. So, I mean, this means what? The EBITDA margin would 
be just 2%, 3% in FY27 in this segment? 
Arihant Bothra: For BESS? 
Varun Singh: Yes. Yes, yes for BESS. 
Arihant Bothra: As I mentioned just a couple of minutes ago, we are targeting breakeven in this particular 
financial year, achieving a turnover of close to INR250-odd crores. So, margins from that 
perspective will be comparatively less. However, in longer term, it also entails a good margin 
beyond 10%. 
Varun Singh: Okay. So, in FY28, we should expect maybe around 10% EBITDA margin, right? Understood. 
And also like -- so you are expecting around INR300 crores to INR500 crores revenue in the 
financial year 2027 and maybe neutral PAT. But in FY28, that INR900 crores revenue should 
contribute minimum maybe INR80 crores, INR90 crores to EBITDA. That understanding is 
right. Correct no? 
Arihant Bothra: Current year, we are close to INR200 crores to INR250 crores because the machine will stabilize, 
there will be ramp-up. It will be taking some time. However, from next financial year, yes, you're 
[[PAGE 12]]
 Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
  May 26, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
right. We are targeting 1 gigawatt hour of sales and close to INR800 crores to INR900 crores of 
revenue, expecting EBITDA margins of 10-plus. So, INR80 crores to INR90 crores of EBITDA, 
which we are anticipating is something which we have also factored in our estimates. 
Varun Singh: Understood. Sure. Okay. Thank you very much and wish you all the best. 
Varun Singh: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. A reminder to all the participants that you may press star and one to ask a question. 
Next question comes from the line of Nikunj Doshi with Bay Capital. Please go ahead. 
Nikunj Doshi: Yes. I just wanted to understand a bit more on the battery energy storage system project. What 
is the -- means what are the raw materials? How are they sourced? From where they are sourced? 
And are there any challenges in sourcing of the raw materials and supply chain? Hello? 
Rakesh Tiwari: Sir, actually, we already identified with our suppliers is mainly like lithium cells and other 
component like encloser and harness, DC cables, sensors, cooling system, liquid cooling 
systems. So, these are the major things we need to make battery we can make our container also. 
So, total vendor is very limited and number of vendors are too much across the globe. We have 
already identified and we already visited to all the suppliers. [inaudible 0:29:18] in terms of 
financial, in terms of quality, in terms of their long durations, reliabilities and we already 
identified each and every supplier. So, regarding the sourcing point of view, we are make sure 
that all the suppliers should not be any hampered with our production and which we can achieve 
our target. 
So, we selected the supplier based on the quality, -- must, and the delivery times. And of course, 
the Tier 1 financial ability so that the supplier can continue to provide the services year-on-year 
for a long time. 
So, these are the typical which I just mentioned mainly like our lithium, and enclosures, harness 
system, DC cables, BMS are the main component, which are in the energy storage system. So, 
we already identified and locked this our supply sourcing for a longer period of time. Thank you 
so much. 
Nikunj Doshi: And is there any approval cycle from the customer side once you supply this storage system, is 
there any process for getting this approved? And is there a time-cycle related to that because 
then the regular supply starts or something? 
Rakesh Tiwari: Yes. So, for that, we already mentioned in the last question which ask with someone my friend. 
And these are -- the approval system is mandatory in battery energy storage system like a solar 
because the battery energy storage system is a reliability product. It cannot be for the one year. 
It is like [inaudible 0:30:55]. So these are the reliability -- is validated your factories, your 
products and whatever the reliability test is mentioning like charging, discharging, IP test, water 
test, heating test, patch test. So, these tests are mandatory. And these tests are mandatory based 
on what because they ask about the certification, certification ISO 62, 777, 999, 9540, even [38.C 
0:31:27]. 
[[PAGE 13]]
 Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
  May 26, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
So, these are the base guidance the developers follow the as per ISO standard. So, because as 
per ISO standard, fire and safety concern. So, they are validating from documentation to 
reliabilities each and every parameter. So, we started to discussion, we already submitted what 
we have and what we applied for this longer period for certification and all the things. 
So, it takes around three to six months, minimum three and maximum six months to board on 
any big developer. So, we already started from the four -- three months ago. So, those data we 
have available, we already submitted. And those we are under process like a factory audited and 
the certification will process and will submit it in a couple of months. Thank you so much. 
Nikunj Doshi: So, we don't expect any delay in supplies because of this approval cycle or anything. So, 
whatever we have assumed for next year, we are confident that we'll be able to deliver, right? 
Rakesh Tiwari: Yes, sir. So, that's why we already started to follow the process with all the developers. So, we 
are -- this -- because they have the long and long period of validation from factory readiness to 
documentation. So, we are parallelly working on for that so that we should not divide -- we 
should not be surprised when our product will start and sell in the market. So, before that, we 
will submit all the necessary document to developer and get the developer approval from that 
side. Thank you sir. 
Nikunj Doshi: And regarding the polymer business, just wanted to understand we guided for 11% EBITDA 
margin, which is almost same as the FY26. So, are we not expecting any operating leverage to -
- on the margins for FY27. 
Rakesh Tiwari: Arihant -- maybe our CFO, Mr. Arihant, will reply this question. Arihant, over to you. 
Arihant Bothra: So, see, in the current fiscal year, we have already seen elevated raw material prices because of 
which the availability as well as the risk of any substantial price increase and decrease volatility 
remains. 
So, we don't want to have, you can say, aggressive estimates, which may be difficult to comment 
tomorrow. So, we have always presented a conservative approach every time we have projected 
our numbers, and that is the same way we have projected this time as well. 
Nikunj Doshi: Okay. Thank you very much and all the best. 
Arihant Bothra: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Arya Shah with Whitestone PMS. Please 
go ahead. 
Arya Shah: Hi, am I audible? 
Arihant Bothra: Yes. 
Arya Shah: Hi, thank you for the opportunity. I just wanted to understand the HFFR and XLPE market. So, 
basically, who is our competitor? And what is the entry barrier? And are we the biggest player 
there? 
[[PAGE 14]]
 Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
  May 26, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
Arihant Bothra: Kothari ji? 
Rajesh Kothari: Yes. HFFR is a kind of a product -- the XLPE is a kind of a product which is used for the cable. 
I think for this discussion, it might not be the appropriate platform because for this, you need 
some graphics and something like which we can explain that what is the cable and what is the 
role of the conductor. 
Conductor carries current and the insulation compound is insulating compound over a conductor 
and then HFFR is a jacketing compound to protect the entire system against fire, against the 
hazardous conditions. 
And as far as the competition is concerned, in XLPE, we are the largest player. We are having 
major market share. So, in XLPE, the competition is from overseas players like Dow and 
Borealis. 
Now, the low-voltage fire-blast segment, there are a couple of Indian producers like KLJ 
Polymers. And in HFFR, Shakun Polymer is the -- which is now part of Orbia Group from 
Mexico. They are our competition. 
And as far as the entry barrier is concerned, it is -- I mean, it is a very critical and reliability 
related product. So, proven performance is the biggest entry barrier. Those who are performing 
for a long period of time will gain business. Somebody coming up the capacity instant and trying 
to secure the business, it is not something which is possible. 
You have to go through the approval cycle. And even despite going through the approval cycle, 
once you are approved, then you have to establish your performance over the period of time to 
become a leading and reliable supplier. 
Arya Shah: Okay. And so we're not seeing any import pressure from China or anything like that for these 
two compounds, right? 
Rajesh Kothari: No. See, China import pressure direct or indirect will always remain in every segment, but our 
scale and our capability is quite strong, and we are able to face it off without any challenge. 
Arya Shah: Okay. Sir, my next question is about the -- so basically, there's a price volatility going on right 
now. So, we still operate at a fixed EBITDA margins of INR14 to INR15 per kg or it has 
changed? 
Rajesh Kothari: Yes. See, we are able to pass-through the price increases, which means we are able to maintain 
our fixed margins per kg basis. 
Arya Shah: Okay. And sir, also, I wanted to understand that are we supplying to any data center cable 
operator or an optical fiber, something like that in those segments? 
Rajesh Kothari: See, the data center -- because we are supplying to the cable pyeahoducers, and they are in turn 
supplying to data centers as well as for the optical fiber application purpose. But for this optical 
fiber, our product application is limited. But for data center, of course, our products are used by 
[[PAGE 15]]
 Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
  May 26, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
cable producers -- every cable producer is using our product for the cables being supplied for 
data center. 
Arya Shah: Okay. Thank you. That’s it. 
Arihant Bothra: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. A reminder to all the participants that you may press star and one to ask a question. 
Next question comes from the line of Nishita Shanklesha with Sapphire Capital. Please go ahead. 
Nishita Shanklesha: Yes, hi. Thank you for taking my question. So, I had a question on the ramp-up of BESS we are 
going to do. You mentioned that this year, we can have around INR200 crores to INR250 crores 
of revenue from that. And then in FY28, we can go up to 1 gigawatt hour. 
So, beyond that, are we -- since we need -- we are going to add 5 gigawatt hour in total, are we 
going to keep adding 1 gigawatt hour per year? Or how is that going to be? How is the ramp-up 
going to be? 
Arihant Bothra: So, it is more dependent on the forward strategies which we take dependent on the per gigawatt 
sold in the market and the market dynamics. There are multiple opportunities in the market. 
There is opportunity for solar plus BESS, there is opportunity for stand-alone BESS, there is 
opportunity for data center batteries and there are opportunities for C&I as well. 
So, as we move into the market, we'll slowly and gradually pick each segment smaller 
proportion-wise. And that is how we will, at the next stage, decide which segment to be ramped 
up faster. 
So, as of now, it seems utility scale solar plus BESS and stand-alone BESS are direct segments 
where the supplies can be going faster, whereas C&I and data centers are area where the product 
is much more complex, but it entails a very good margin. So, we will be having a mix of both 
and slowly and gradually we will be ramping up the capacities. 
Nishita Shanklesha: Okay. Okay. Understood. And just a clarification. Am I correct on the part that in FY28 also you 
mentioned we are assuming 15% volume growth over the base of FY27? 
Arihant Bothra: Yes. FY26 base to 2027 or 2027 base to 2028, what is your exact question? 
Nishita Shanklesha: In FY28, we are expecting 15% volume growth on the base of FY27, Am I correct? 
Rajesh Kothari: Yes, yes. See, Arihant, this question with regard to polymer compounding. So, we are expecting 
15% growth -- volume growth over what we achieved in 2026, 2027. Means in 2026, 2027, if 
we are targeting a polymer compound volume of 230,000 tons, then in 2027, 2028, you can add 
on another 15% on that 230,000 tons. 
Nishita Shanklesha: Okay, okay. Understood. That’s helpful. Thank you. 
Arihant Bothra: Thank you. 
[[PAGE 16]]
 Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
  May 26, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Hrishit Jhaveri with CBA Asset Managers 
LLP. Please go ahead. 
Hrishit Jhaveri: Thank you for giving the opportunity. Sir, the first question is what is the general price pass-
through lag which we take into consideration? This is the price volatility? And how do we tackle 
the fixed price contracts? 
Rajesh Kothari: Arihant, you'll want answer or should I? 
Arihant Bothra: Please, please, please. You answer it. 
Rajesh Kothari: Yes. So, can you please repeat the question? I couldn't get the question clearly. 
Hrishit Jhaveri: Okay. So, the first part was that whenever there is a price hike or drop, what is the pass-through 
lag? Do we immediately pass-through or there is a lag that is felt on the books? 
Rajesh Kothari: Yes. See, mostly, it is a lag of seven days to 15 days. But again, it depends upon the intensity of 
the price hike. For example, the price hike is less than 1%, okay, then seven to 15 days lag is 
there. But a price hike, as we have seen, which was very volatile and very aggressive price hike 
in the month of March, then the pass-through was instant. 
Hrishit Jhaveri: Okay. And how do we tackle the fixed price contracts or annual contracts? 
Rajesh Kothari: No, we don't have those kind of annual contracts. Maximum cycle of the contract, what we have 
-- and that is for mostly export, and that is around, say, you can say maximum 90 days. And 
there also, we have back-to-back import bookings. So, that kind of open-ended contracts are not 
there. 
Hrishit Jhaveri: Okay, understood. And sir, given the disruptions in the export market, how do we see exports 
panning out in Q1 as well as for the full year? What is the export growth guidance that we are 
commenting on? 
Rajesh Kothari: See, first quarter visibility is already there. So, we say that first quarter will see the continuity of 
the growth, which we have seen in the last quarter. And projecting at this point of time with this 
kind of geopolitical uncertainty for the second or third quarter would be a little bit of a challenge. 
So, -- but the important factor is that we are having so many approvals and reach to so many 
markets for so many years. So, we are confident that we'll continue to do well. 
But putting an exact growth percentage would be a challenge, but we see that our core markets, 
which is MENA region, is growing and also some parts of Europe, they are growing very well. 
So, we are confident of maintaining the growth momentum. 
Hrishit Jhaveri: Okay, sir. Thank you and all the best. 
Arihant Bothra: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Apoorva with ANS wealth. 
[[PAGE 17]]
 Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
  May 26, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Apoorva: Thank you sir for the opportunity. So, my questions are on the compound manufacturing side, 
what are our major raw materials and from where do we source it, like whether we source it from 
domestically or do we import? And is there still an availability issue? And how much the price 
movement being there? 
Arihant Bothra: So, we source 
Rajesh Kothari: Arihant, go ahead, please. 
Arihant Bothra: Thank you. We source from both domestic and import sources. In domestic we have all the big 
petrochemical players as our suppliers. Similarly, on import side, we rely on a lot of big players 
in the Middle East as well as in European countries. And there were issues till, I will say, mid 
of April, where the supply constraints were there. However, today, the supply is more or less 
normalized. In India, we are getting sufficient material and import slowly and gradually are 
coming into the country. 
As far as the price is concerned, there has been substantial volatility and the prices have gone up 
beyond 50% inflation. And now the prices are comparatively stabilized. And now not much, you 
can say, volatility is there in the prices unless and until there is a price -- that this war is over 
and then the crude prices gradually come down. 
Apoorva: Got it, sir. Sir, my next question is, how is the demand currently because of the spike in the 
prices, right? So, are we getting sufficient orders right now? And is everything normal because 
of war? Or do you feel this might continue? 
Arihant Bothra: As Kothari ji highlighted earlier, that cable manufacturers have diversified over a period of time. 
And now they have sufficient demand, not only with regards to government, but private demand, 
private capex as well. So, we are getting sufficient order book, and there is no lag as far as the 
booking is concerned. 
Apoorva: Okay. Okay. And sir, my last question on the industry side. So, sir, do we preserve risk of our 
clients going backward integration and our clients doing compound manufacturing as well? 
Arihant Bothra: Kothariji? 
Rajesh Kothari: Yes. See, it is a risk which is attached to our business, and it will always remain. That customer 
can go for backward integration. But again, it is the effort versus return every customer has to 
look at and the scale at which they can beat our size and the scale, then only they can think of. 
And then you need to have the skill and scale both. 
And that is where we are finding that for last so many years, sustaining with this risk of backward 
integration, we have continued our journey and we continue to grow. So, yes, theoretically, this 
risk is there, but we are doing everything possible and within our means to mitigate that. That is 
by increasing our scale, increasing our skill, and adding product range, which is not easy for 
somebody to go and do the backward integration. 
Apoorva: Got it sir. Thank you and all the best. 
[[PAGE 18]]
 Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
  May 26, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Arihant Bothra: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Arya Shah with Whitestone PMS. Please go 
ahead. 
Arya Shah: Sir, thank you for the opportunity once again. So, regarding BESS, what exactly are we doing? 
So, basically, are we going to like import sales from China and then assemble here? Or what 
exactly are we doing on the BESS side? 
Arihant Bothra: Yes, initially for the initial period, we are going to import it from China. And over a period of 
time, we will be working on backward integration or just a suggestion of many components, 
which are easily available in the country. Still as of now, we don't have sufficient capacity in the 
country, and it will be imported for the near future. 
Arya Shah: Okay. Thanks. So, basically, it's an assembly line on the BESS side, right? 
Arihant Bothra: Yes. 
Arya Shah: Okay. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Yashwant, an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Yashwant: Yes, hi, good morning. It was a good set of numbers. But I have a question on BESS segment. 
So, actually, in the BESS segment, the management has confirmed that it is going to be an 
assembly line. The actual IP lies in energy management system or battery management system, 
right? Are we planning to even import that product? Or are we going to have our own IP on 
those things? What is the plan right now on those things? 
Arihant Bothra: Tiwari ji? 
Rakesh Tiwari: Yes. Thank you so much for your concern. And yes, it is a very important question regarding 
the BMS and EMS in future, we are going to make our own BMS and own EMS, already started 
working on that. EMS India will be restricted after one year, they are going to start the BMS 
must be from India. So, we already started to work for EMS. 
EMS concerned for AC side of the DC block. So, -- but for BMS, definitely, we'll have to import 
from China initially from Tier 1 supplier because the hardware part is available only in China. 
And few Made in India, they have started to develop CMS in India. Meanwhile, Government of 
India is allowing you can import BMS from China. But EMS, you must start developing made 
in India. So, -- because BMS is the core of the battery energy storage system. And so the 
government does not want to -- any risk to [inaudible 0:49:36] is not available in India. So, they 
allow that you can [inaudible 0:49:40] from China. 
Moderator: Speakers, sorry for interrupting. Your voice is breaking. Can you just -- please. Thank you. 
Rakesh Tiwari: No, no. Actually, I'm just explaining about BMS. BMS is the core bone of battery and 
management systems. And without BMS, EMS cannot get any information from the battery side. 
[[PAGE 19]]
 Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
  May 26, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
So, BMS definitely will -- starting, we'll buy from Tier 1 supplier from China. But in future, in 
the couple of months, we will have our own IP of BMS and EMS both. This is our future plan. 
But initially, we will start from China. 
Yashwant: So, what is the plan for working capital requirements as in the call, you have mentioned that it 
will be in a single-digit margin, right? And if the revenue expectation is about INR800 crores to 
INR900 crores for 1 gigawatt, if it is 5 gigawatts in future, how are we going to fund the working 
capital requirements for BESS projects? 
Arihant Bothra: So, for the first phase of 1 gigawatt hour, we have plans that the total working capital requirement 
will be in the range of INR200 crores to INR250-odd crores, and we have sufficient limits 
available with us for that funding the same as well as the margins for them are also similarly 
available with us as a free cash flow. As far as the full 5 gigawatt hour capacity is concerned, 
definitely, we'll work out and think of increasing the cycles from banking channels as well as 
other channels as well. 
Yashwant: Thank you. Thank you for all the information that you have provided. We actually look forward 
to do something in India in the future on the manufacturing side as well apart from assembly. 
Thank you. 
Arihant Bothra: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Alok Vakil, an individual investor. Sir, please 
go ahead. 
Alok Vakil: Hello, am I audible? 
Arihant Bothra: Yes, you are audible. 
Alok Vakil: So, in XLPE, we are -- we have reached up to the capacity of 132 kV and 66 and 132. So what 
about further 440 and all reaching that where are we in compounding for that higher kilowatts. 
Arihant Bothra: So, if you see each and every high-voltage cable, stabilization takes time as well as the next 
voltage stage will be requiring a lot of certifications for which the life time -- the life required is 
minimum three to four years' time. 
So, right now, once 132 kV stabilizes in the Indian market, we'll start working on 220, which is 
expected to take around three to three and a half years minimum for getting the certification and 
then the testing period. So, we anticipate four to four and a half years. So, we have targeted 2030 
for our 220 kV cable compounds, whereas 440 will take further time based on this. 
Alok Vakil: Okay. And what about HVDC side for this solar and wind and all? 
Arihant Bothra: Again, HVDC is for the higher voltage applications mostly. So, these are the products of the 
future. And globally, if you look at, there are very limited players in this segment. So, of course, 
we will attend and manufacture these products, but not having any concrete plan at this point of 
time. At this point of time, our plan is highest is up to 220 kV by year 2030. 
[[PAGE 20]]
 Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
  May 26, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
Alok Vakil: Okay. Thank you. That’s it. 
Arihant Bothra: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. A reminder to all the participants that you may press star and one to ask a question. 
Next question comes from the line of Apoorva with ANS Wealth. 
Apoorva: Yes, thank you sir for this opportunity. Sir, my one question was what is our major raw material, 
if you can name few? 
Arihant Bothra: For polymer compounds? 
Apoorva: Yes, yes. 
Arihant Bothra: The polymers, whether that is polyethylene-based polymers or polyvinyl chloride-based 
polymers? 
Apoorva: I mean overall compound manufacturing business side? 
Arihant Bothra: Yes. 
Apoorva: Okay. And sir, -- and what percentage of -- do we import the raw material? 
Arihant Bothra: Right now, we are importing close to 10% to 15% of our requirement as an import. 
Apoorva: Okay. Thank you, sir. that’s it. 
Arihant Bothra: I think that was the last call. We are already 11 o'clock. 
Moderator: So, ladies and gentlemen, as we have no more questions, we have reached the end of question-
and-answer session. I now hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Arihant Bothra: Ddev ji? 
Ddev Surana: Yes, I want to thank everybody for their participation. And as we all know in such global 
uncertainties, we still managed to perform and match the projections. So, that is a testament to 
our efficient business model and core competencies. 
But as we all know, like with all challenges, there also come opportunities. So, just like after 
COVID happened, we saw a lot of growth opportunities in the export sector. So, even now 
because of the disruption in supply chains globally, this is also presenting a good opportunity 
for exports as well. So, as we are seeing a good increase in the number of queries coming in 
from new export customers and new geographies, so that we also see an opportunity there. 
And as the team also highlighted the emergence of renewables along with the existing 
infrastructure, transmission, and distribution networks also provides us a good opportunity 
where we will see robust demand with the combination of the existing platform and the 
renewables -- emergence of renewable sector as well. So, we are very positive on our growth 
trajectory, and we will continue to work best for all our stakeholders. Thank you. 
[[PAGE 21]]
 Ddev Plastiks Industries Limited 
  May 26, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Arihant Bothra: Thank you? 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Ddev Plastiks Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 