[[PAGE 1]]
 
 
 
 
  12th November 2025 
To, 
The Manager - Listing Department, 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, 5th floor, 
Plot no. C/1, “G” Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai-400051 
 
Symbol: APCOTEXIND 
To, 
Manager - Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
 
Security Code: 523694 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on 6th November 2025 
                 
In furtherance of our letter dated 6th November 2025, informing the exchanges regarding Audio recording 
of the earnings conference call in respect of the Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and half 
year ended 30th September 2025, we wish to inform you that the transcript of the earnings conference call 
held on 6th November 2025, has been hosted on the website of the company and is available at: 
 
https://apcotex.com/investor-quarterly-report 
Kindly take the same on record.        
Thanking you, 
For Apcotex Industries Limited 
 
 
Drigesh Mittal 
Head – Company Secretary & Legal 
 
 
 
 
       
[[PAGE 2]]
 
 Page 1 of 18 
Apcotex Industries Limited 
Q2 and H1 FY’26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 06, 2025 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q2 and H1 FY’26 Earnings Conference Call of 
Apcotex Industries Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Ms. 
Purvangi Jain from Valorem Advisors. Thank you and over to you ma'am. 
Purvangi Jain: Thank you. Good afternoon everyone and a warm welcome to you all. My name is Purvangi 
from Valorem Advisors. We represent the investor relations of Apcotex Industries Limited. On 
behalf of the company, I would like to thank you all for participating in the company's earnings 
call for the second quarter and the first half of the financial year 2026. 
Before we begin, a quick cautionary statement. Some of the statements made in today's 
conference call may be forward-looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements are subject 
to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ from those anticipated. 
Such statements are based on management's belief as well as assumptions made by and 
information currently available to the management. Audiences are cautioned not to place any 
undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any investment decisions. The 
purpose of today's earnings conference call is purely to educate and bring awareness about 
the company's fundamental business and financial quarter under review. 
Now, I would like to introduce you to the management participating with us in today's Earnings 
Call and hand it over to them for their opening remarks. We have with us Mr. Abhiraj Choksey 
– Vice-Chairman and Managing Director and Mr. Vivek Thakur – Chief Financial Officer.  
Without any delay, I would like to now hand over the call to Mr. Vivek Thakur for his opening 
remarks. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Vivek Thakur: Thank you, Purvangi. Good afternoon, everyone. It is a pleasure to welcome you all to the 
earnings conference call for the quarter and first half of the financial year 2026. I hope you all 
[[PAGE 3]]
 Page 2 of 18 
had the opportunity to review the financial statements and earnings presentation has been 
circulated and uploaded on our website and also to the stock exchange. 
Let me provide you with a brief overview of the financial and operational highlights for the 
quarter and half year: 
I will begin first with the quarter. So, for the second quarter, our total volumes have increased 
by 11% and operating revenue stands at INR 337 crores. The revenue shows a decline of 4% 
year-on-year basis. This is due to overall fall in raw material and consequently lower realization 
in finished goods prices. Operating EBITDA for the quarter has increased significantly to INR 41 
crores as compared to INR 28 crores in the same quarter last year. This represents a very strong 
year-on-year growth of 48%. This is driven by volume growth and margin expansion. The 
EBITDA margin stands at 12.06%. Profit after tax for the quarter is INR 25 crores. This is up INR 
130 % year-on-year with a PAT margin of 7.51% which indicates strong profitability and 
operational efficiency. We are also happy to inform that the company has turned net cash 
positive as of 30th September 2025. This reflects strong cash generation and good financial 
discipline. During the quarter, Director General of Trade Remedies, DGTR has issued final 
findings on anti-dumping duty which was overall positive for the company. We are now 
awaiting the duty notification from the Finance Ministry. 
For half year FY’26, the company achieved highest ever export volumes and overall volumes 
which are up 18% on a year-on-year basis. Operating revenue shows an increase of 4% year-
on-year to INR 713 crores. Operating EBITDA has grown strongly at 34% year-on-year to INR 79 
crores. The EBITDA margin is at 11.13%. This margin expansion is supported by volume growth, 
margin expansion and better capacity utilizations. PAT for the first half has increased by 73% 
to INR 45 crores and the PAT margin is 6.25%. During this period, the company has achieved 
highest ever export volumes which are up 31% year-on-year and we have also reduced debt by 
approximately INR 53 crores. This demonstrates continued financial discipline and operational 
strength. The strong performance also reflects the effectiveness of our strategy which is 
focused on volume-led growth, expanding our export and operational efficiency. 
We are also proud to share that company has the prestigious ICC award, Acharya P.C. Ray 
award for development of indigenous technology. This reaffirms our commitment to 
innovation and self-reliance. 
Further, we would like to announce that the board of directors, have reviewed and approved 
investments of INR 210 crores for capacity expansion at our Valia facility. The proposed 
capacity expansion is 37,000 metric tonne per annum for synthetic latex and 14,600 metric 
tonne per annum for nitrile rubber and allied products. These two capacity additions have a 
combined revenue potential of INR 550 crores to INR 600 crores. While synthetic latex 
additional capacity will cater to additional domestic and export demand in construction, carpet, 
textile and paper-paperboard applications, increase in capacity for nitrile rubber and allied 
[[PAGE 4]]
 Page 3 of 18 
products will cater to demand in several specialized rubber product categories such as 
automobile, footwear, rice rolls, insulation and hoses. It is notable that we currently 
manufacture the synthetic latex at our Taloja facility and incremental capacity will be done at 
our Valia plant. Whereas, nitrile rubber and allied products current and additional capacities 
will be housed at our Valia facility. The total projected capital expenditure will be spread over 
next six to seven quarters. This will be financed through debt and internal accruals, a mix of it. 
The additional production is anticipated to come on stream in a phased manner by Q1 of FY’27-
28. We believe that this investment will help us increase market share, enhance profitability 
and strengthen our domestic and export footprint while delivering value to all our 
stakeholders. 
With this, now I open the floor for question-and-answer session. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Dhaval Shah from Girik Capital. 
Dhaval Shah: Yes. Hi, thank you for the opportunity. So, good to see a great performance since now a couple 
of quarters. So, first question is that just a clarification. So, total volumes, the growth in 
volumes year over year, was it 18%? Did I hear it correctly? 
Abhiraj Choksey: Hi, Dhaval, this is Abhiraj Choksey. Yes, it was 18% for the first half, H1. 
Dhaval Shah: 18% for H1. Okay, got it. And how much did exports contribute to the quarter? 
Abhiraj Choksey: To the quarter, it was about 31%, I think. 
Dhaval Shah: Okay, so is there a seasonality in the business, where, so compared to Q1, export contribution 
was a little less this quarter? Is it the seasonality? 
Abhiraj Choksey: Maybe partially, but I think, you know, look, quarter-on-quarter, sometimes that does happen, 
you get some large orders in one quarter, it goes up, but our endeavor is to be at around 35%, 
and over time grow it to 45% or so over the next year or two, plus minus every quarter can 
happen. Sometimes, like in this quarter, there are some orders that may come at a very low 
margin, which we have sort of let go, with a real focus on improving margins this year, this is 
the last quarter. And therefore, you see, in the last quarter, the growth of volumes has been 
about 11%, lower than in Q1. So, we balance, we try and balance out margins and volume. So, 
that may be the reason, but I will not read it too much into sort of quarter-on-quarter numbers. 
Dhaval Shah: Okay, got it. Now, the announced expansion, so out of, so the two products where we are doing 
the expansion, can you help me understand the average realization of that basket? Would be 
how much would be how compared to your overall to the other two products? So, we are 
expanding in this synthetic latex and, and the other product. Yes, I said, NBR, as I said allied 
[[PAGE 5]]
 Page 4 of 18 
products. So, how its realization will be with the other products. So, what I want to understand 
is that, so we are doing, so there will be a 28% kind of volume increase on the capacity. And 
then in terms of realization, also, how will this impact the P&L going forward? So, like, what 
will be the combined impact value plus volumes? 
Abhiraj Choksey: So, overall, if I were to add both the volume overall comes to, Vivek, correct me if I am wrong, 
but about 51,000 tonnes, 52,000 tonnes, right, both put together. And the overall revenue 
expectation, see revenue is hard to predict, because like, just for example, in Q2, overall prices 
have fallen quite a bit for all our materials, therefore our finished goods, but we expect about 
INR 550 crores to INR 600 crores, depending on what the price of the product is. So, all the 
products are approximately in that range for this entire, so I think you would assume a little 
over Rs. 100, Rs. 110 or so. Is that what you were asking? 
Dhaval Shah: Yes, so that compared to the other two products, which is high-styrene rubber and nitrile latex. 
So, that realization, so the Rs. 110 is higher than the other two products? 
Abhiraj Choksey: Realization? See, the rubber products are typically double of the latex products. Now, that is 
the bottom line. You know, typically, but sometimes it could be 2.2x, 2.3x, hard to, honestly, it 
is not a relevant question, if I were, from your point of view, I am just trying to understand the 
relevance of the question, maybe. 
Dhaval Shah: So, same thing, like, I mean, you have given a revenue number, so it just answers, I was just 
trying to understand that, that how much of total revenue increase it can happen. So, yes. 
Okay. And the last question, this, what will be the CAPEX for this year, next year? So, this Rs. 
210 crore will be spent in next two quarters, two, three quarters? 
Abhiraj Choksey: No, as Vivek mentioned, it will be six quarters, actually. 
Dhaval Shah: Okay, so we are starting the plant in Q1, 2027? 
Abhiraj Choksey: Yes, which is six quarters from now. 
Dhaval Shah: Okay, so calendar 2027, you mean? 
Abhiraj Choksey: No, Q1 FY’27. So, it is calendar year. Yes, you are right. Sorry Q1, you are right. Q1, Vivek, can 
you, what you mentioned, but it is Q1 FY’27-28, or Q2 FY’27. Is that right, Vivek? Is that what 
you mentioned? Are you there, Vivek? 
Vivek Thakur: And so which is April to June quarter of 2027. 
Abhiraj Choksey: No, so that is FY’27-28, though, right? That is, I think that is what the distinction is. 
Dhaval Shah: Yes, so then, so what you have written in the press is Q1, 2027. 
[[PAGE 6]]
 Page 5 of 18 
Abhiraj Choksey: Okay. Yes, so we plan by March 2027, April 2027, that is the target. So, around, I think we 
should have been careful of that. I think it is Q1 FY’27-28. 
Vivek Thakur: Yes. FY’27-28. If we stand corrected, and I think we will have to make that change. 
Abhiraj Choksey: Yes. Thank you. Thanks for pointing that out Dhaval. 
Dhaval Shah: So, this year, how much are we spending in FY’26, the current financial year, and how much 
are we going to spend in next financial year, in terms of CAPEX? 
Abhiraj Choksey: Yes, so there are two parts with CAPEX. So, obviously, the Rs. 210 crores is the expansion 
projects, but there will be other CAPEX projects as well related to, for example, we are going 
to invest in perhaps some solar projects, some cost saving projects, maintenance CAPEX. So, 
that will be in addition to that. So, overall, I think this year, we expect a total CAPEX of about 
Rs. 65 crores, out of which probably about Rs. 20 crores to Rs. 25 crores will be for the 
expansion projects. And the remaining would happen in the following year and perhaps spill 
over into the FY’27-28 as well. 
Dhaval Shah: Okay. Got it. Okay. And then, and you will take around two years to utilize the expanded 
capacity or three years? What is your assumption? 
Abhiraj Choksey: Yes, I mean, based somewhere between, I would say three years after it comes on board, 
comes on stream. That is our plan. 
Dhaval Shah: Okay. Good luck. Thank you. 
Abhiraj Choksey: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rudraksh Raheja from Ithought Financial 
Consultancy. Please proceed. 
Rudraksh Raheja: Thank you for the opportunity, sir. Sir, I want you to understand more on the gross margin side, 
we have seen a very healthy improvement. It is one of the best in like, last six, seven quarters, 
I would say. 
Abhiraj Choksey: Yes. So, sorry, what is the question? 
Rudraksh Raheja: The gross margin improvement we have seen in this quarter, what contributed to that? 
Abhiraj Choksey: Right. So, combination of a few things. One is, you know, two things. One, I would say main is 
that the chemical industry had a couple of good years post COVID, you know, in 2022, 2023, 
even FY’21. And 2024 onwards was more challenging because a lot of capacity was added 
worldwide for a lot of products. We added capacity. Now, as the capacity utilization is going 
[[PAGE 7]]
 Page 6 of 18 
up, especially for us, I do not know about the rest of the industry, but also for the rest of the 
industry, but definitely healthy for us. We are at above 80% on average for all our products, in 
some cases, even close to 100%. So, that really helps in sort of improvement of margins. And 
the other one, overall, the market and the scenario worldwide has improved for the chemical 
industry. What I feel, obviously, notwithstanding the current tariff issue and uncertainty 
around that stuff that the tariffs and some geopolitical tensions that still remain. Other than 
that things have improved, I feel, in terms of capacity utilization for the chemical industry. Of 
course, there are some pockets of the chemical industry that are still not doing so well, and 
some that are doing better. In our case, I think things have been better this year in terms of 
margins, or at least in the last quarter, but I would say in the last six months than they were in 
the previous few quarters, as you said. 
Rudraksh Raheja: Okay. Sir, did we see any pricing improvement in the nitrile latex front? Was that the main 
reason? 
Abhiraj Choksey: That is one of the reasons. I would say more than pricing improvement, I would say a little bit 
of margin improvement. As our capacity utilization went up, we have got some more approvals. 
We are able to build a margin on that better than it was in the last one year, for sure, and the 
previous year, financially, for sure. But I think it is still some ways to go. That market still 
remains challenging, although it is easier now than it was last year. And that has definitely been 
a factor. 
Rudraksh Raheja: Sure. And sir for H1, what would be the contribution from different product segments? Like 
you give us a split of how much does nitrile contribute and the rubber segment, etcetera? 
Abhiraj Choksey: So, overall, the contribution still remains at about 30:70. Rubber is 30% for the quarter. I dont 
have H1 numbers, but it should be similar. So, for example, for the quarter, it is 30:70. And in 
terms of contribution of the segments, I guess in terms of latex, out of the 70, paper and 
construction would be about 16% to 18%. Carpet textiles put together is a little lower this time, 
is 11% to 12%. Nitrile latex, again, would be about 15% to 16%. Tires, tire cord would be about 
10%. And the remaining 30% is all rubber. 
Rudraksh Raheja: Got it. And capacity utilization for the segment? 
Abhiraj Choksey: I think all our plants were running at above 80%. I think for our sort of synthetic latex, Taloja 
plant would be at about 80%. Nitrile latex would be about the same. And NBR and all are 95%. 
NBR is at 95%. NBR and allied products, almost full capacity, I would say. 
Rudraksh Raheja: Got it. And one thing more on the global market side, could you guess on what would be the 
industrial capacity utilization in nitrile latex market? 
[[PAGE 8]]
 Page 7 of 18 
Abhiraj Choksey: Honestly, hard to say, but it is still fairly low from what I mean. It has improved for sure, but it 
is, because there is no new capacity that has been added in the last couple of years. But it is 
still not very healthy, which I consider to be at least 80% and above, and it is below that. I do 
not have an exact number right now. 
Rudraksh Raheja: Got it. And sir, getting a little bit more clarity on this NBR front. Historically, what you have said 
that we require a duty, a significant duty to get the advantage. Last time, I think duty was 
passed and the number was quite low. But this time, the number that the government of India 
has written in their document, is that sufficient for us to recover margins in that segment? 
Abhiraj Choksey: Yes, for sure. I mean, it has been a mixed bag. See, first of all, the duties have still not been 
notified. The finance ministry still needs to notify those duties. Right now, it is just a 
recommendation from DGTR, which is under the Commerce Ministry. So, I would say it has 
been a mixed bag for us in the sense that most of the imports, we will have a reasonable duty 
for which we are happy with. But for one particular manufacturer, there is zero duty. So, we 
have to see how the market plays out. And we will see. But first, we are just waiting for the 
notification from the finance ministry, which has not yet come. After that, we can sort of see 
how things play out. 
Rudraksh Raheja: Sir, do we have any expectations? 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt you Mr. Rudraksh. May we request you to join the question queue again, as 
there are other participants waiting for their turn? 
Rudraksh Raheja: Sure. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Farokh Pandole, from Avestha Fund 
Management. Please proceed. 
Farokh Pandole: Hi, Abhiraj. Good to see the strong numbers, especially the good margin recovery. In that, we 
just wanted to check on the nitrile latex. Since we had, at the time we had done our expansion, 
we had also made provision for a second leg of expansion, which would be at a far lower cost. 
Is that something we would also consider, given you have now said that we are at 80% capacity 
over there as well? And I am presuming there is some modicum of profitability now, as opposed 
to the loss levels we were seeing for many quarters? 
Abhiraj Choksey: Hi, Farokh. Yes, so it is definitely on the cards, although that is not what has been approved 
yesterday in the board meeting. We are keeping it on the cards, and we will see when to do 
that. The issue is with margins are still not healthy enough to justify additional capacity when 
there is already enough excess capacity worldwide, or at least in Asia, not worldwide. It is 
mostly in Asia. So, as of now, that is not on the cards. But yes, it is something that we will keep 
considering, and we will see how it goes every few months. And depending on where the 
[[PAGE 9]]
 Page 8 of 18 
industry is, as I was explaining to the previous caller, we feel that there has been an 
improvement in the industry in the last few months. We just want to ensure that margins go 
back to the level that we had set out at the beginning before the project, the first project was 
initiated. So, once that happens, we will certainly consider that. 
Farokh Pandole: Right. And on the NBR, how long do we think before we actually see this notification? 
Abhiraj Choksey: On the anti-dumping? Yes. 
Farokh Pandole: Yes. 
Abhiraj Choksey: Generally, so we expect by before December end. 
Farokh Pandole: Before, okay, so in this calendar year. And so am I right in saying that it is the June quarter of 
2027, wherein we start seeing the addition of capacity, right? 
Abhiraj Choksey: That is correct. But you know, look, there will be some addition. So, this entire Rs. 210 crore 
expansion is actually a series of four or five subprojects. So, some of the some of the stuff will 
start maybe even before that by June, July of next year, minor sort of some debottlenecking 
and things that we are doing that will come in June, July, some other things will come in 
December of 2026. And then large majority of the expansion would be completed in around 
that time between March and May of 2027. 
Farokh Pandole: Okay, so we will complete the expansion by 2027. It is not that the expansions will start 
commencing from 2027. 
Abhiraj Choksey: That is correct. But a large chunk of it, I would say 80% would come towards the end. But then 
there are certain debottlenecking projects that would start a little bit before that for NBR. Sure. 
Farokh Pandole: And in NBR, in the past, I think we mentioned that it would have been good to ideally have had 
a larger capacity in the sense of competing with other NBR capacities globally. So, is this 
sufficient in terms of overall size to extract synergies and scale benefits, etcetera, like you have 
seen in some of the other products? 
Abhiraj Choksey: Yes, absolutely. Even with the expanded capacity, I think we would now be a mid-sized player 
in the global scenario. So, our total NBR and allied products capacity would be around 35,000 
tonnes, 36,000 tonnes after we are done with this. And just to give you a flavor, there are 
smaller plants around that size, 30,000 tonnes to 50,000 tonnes, but the largest plants are 
around 90,000 tonnes to 100,000 tonnes. So, we are still below what I would say is the largest 
capacity, but we would certainly be reasonably global size, at least as a medium sized plant is 
concerned. And it will definitely help with overall economies of scale. 
[[PAGE 10]]
 Page 9 of 18 
Farokh Pandole: Great. And lastly, is there similar to the earlier expansion, is there any sort of slack being built 
in for, if let us assume, hopefully that this investment will be better time than the last 
investment, and we will have that in our favor. If that were to be the case, to expand capacity 
to the next level, are we making provision for that? Or will that have to be done in a step 
function? 
Abhiraj Choksey: So, NBR, it will have to be done in a step function. But for the synthetic latex, yes, we are making 
certain provisions now for future as well. 
Farokh Pandole: Great. Thanks a lot and all the best. 
Abhiraj Choksey: Thank you, Farokh. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saurabh Shroff from QRC Investment. Please 
proceed. 
Saurabh Shroff: Hi, good afternoon, Abhiraj and congratulations on a great set of numbers. I guess you partly 
answered my question. But if you could maybe elaborate. So, my concern really was that with 
NBR running at full capacity and 80% across latex, both in Taloja and Valia, we could potentially 
hit a volume air pocket sometime, maybe this time next year, if we continue on this 15%, 18% 
kind of volume growth. So, if maybe if it is not possible on this call, maybe next call, if you could 
just sort of help us understand how the volume and the capacity ramps up from, let us say, 
June quarter of FY’27, like you mentioned, that is coming up in phases. I think that would just 
be helpful to understand where things go. And on the anti-dumping, so obviously 
Abhiraj Choksey: You are right, that could happen for a quarter or two, but our sense is that we would have 
enough capacity and there are other options possible in the short term, like outsourcing certain 
products and so on, which obviously is not ideal because that reduces the margin, but that is 
something we could do for the short term. We think we have enough capacity for next year. 
There might be a situation where, I am talking about for the latex products, yes? For rubber, 
NBR, we are already at almost full capacity. So, you are right, there we have already hit, and 
for the next year or so, we will hit, not year, but about three quarters, we will hit a situation 
where we cannot grow further than this. I hope that answers your question. 
Saurabh Shroff: Yes, so I mean, in the past, I guess we have managed to juice this facility with significant 
debottlenecking, but I think you mentioned that by 25, we are pretty much as tight as we could 
run this ship, so that I appreciate. So, is it fair to say that as and when this duty gets 
implemented by the finance ministry and gets notified as such, is there a significant boost to 
our margins, at least on the rubber side, based on this? I am just trying to understand, what 
does this mean for us? Given we do not have the capacity, does it improve our realization in a 
significant manner? 
[[PAGE 11]]
 Page 10 of 18 
Abhiraj Choksey: You know, that is what it was supposed to do, but unfortunately, as I mentioned to one of the 
previous caller, there has been a mixed bag for us in terms of the recommendation. We will 
see what the final findings that are notified by the finance ministry. But one of the 
manufacturers, one of the importers have not been levied any anti-dumping duty. So, we do 
not know if margins will really improve. Of course, I think it will help us, because from Russia, 
from China, reasonably good anti-dumping duties have been levied. So, overall, we feel that is 
a fair thing for us to compete in India, and we will see how that impacts the margins. But all 
these expansions or all our workings that we have done are based on zero anti-dumping duty 
and sort of assuming margins at current levels without anti-dumping duty. So, I think even 
without that, it is justifiable and we are, we have worked out a fairly innovative way. Earlier, 
our thinking was that only for NBR, we would need a Rs. 200 crore to Rs. 225 crore expansion, 
but here with around Rs. 210 crores, we have been able to do NBR and synthetic latex, you 
know, both. So, we are quite confident that with or without anti-dumping we are going to go 
ahead with this expansion. 
Saurabh Shroff: So, that is a big statement from you because I guess we have for about six quarters been waiting 
for this anti-dumping duty and you said once you have clarity on that, only then will you do 
NBR. And now, so obviously significant work has happened for you to commit to this amount 
of CAPEX with or without the anti-dumping. 
Abhiraj Choksey: We were waiting for that and as I said, it has been a mixed bag. Had it been something which 
was absolutely negative, we may have even considered, but we were ready with these numbers 
for the last quarter or two, I would say, but we were just waiting for the recommendation. In 
fact, ideally, you know, we maybe should have waited till the December, this December-
January period, but I think right now we feel pretty confident to go ahead with this. 
Saurabh Shroff: Got it. And finally, margin back to sort of low double digits, our aspirations always been closer 
to mid. Is that sort of path clearer now with demand as you see, I guess, Nitrile-Latex aside? 
Are we sort of on the right track there? 
Abhiraj Choksey: Yeah, I think Nitrile-Latex aside, we are already in the mid double digits in this quarter. So, if 
you do not include Nitrile-Latex, with Nitrile-Latex is still pulling it down a little bit. But as 
Nitrile-Latex improves over the next few quarters, I think that will also help. And the one 
challenge though that remains right now is, you know, we have seen our business and margins 
in certain industry segments affected because of US tariffs, not directly, but indirectly. Some of 
our customers in textiles, in technical textiles, in the tire industry, in carpet, their exports have 
been affected, especially to the US. So, you know, so there are challenges and pockets, but we 
are hoping that will sort itself out in the next two, three months as far as the tariffs are 
concerned and Nitrile-Latex will improve. So, yes, I think we should see some improvement or 
not improvement, but continued reasonable margins in the next few quarters as well. 
[[PAGE 12]]
 Page 11 of 18 
Saurabh Shroff: Okay. That is great to hear because exactly my question was about that only that carpets have 
taken a big hit from India, especially. So, if that has to come back, we would benefit from it. 
Abhiraj Choksey: Sorry? Yes. If that cycle comes back, we would benefit. Sure. 
Saurabh Shroff: And I guess 80% utilization is also kind of a level where a significant amount of operating 
leverage starts to kick in as you go from 80 to 85 or is that number closer to 90 for you to be 
optimal on the plants? 
Abhiraj Choksey: No, frankly, operating leverage at every 5%, 10% higher it increases. So, that will increase from 
80 to 90, 90 to 100. The one thing that more than operating leverage, I think it gives us the 
confidence to say no to certain orders which are very low margins or customers that we just 
got payments are very delayed, those kinds of things. I think that is where the really advantages 
and that is where sometimes margin can be bumped up by a percentage or two. 
Saurabh Shroff: Okay, got it. Thank you very much and all the best and great show on the cash generation as 
well this quarter that really hard to see in a tough time. 
Abhiraj Choksey: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rudraksh Raheja from Ithought Financial 
Consulting. Please proceed. 
Rudraksh Raheja: Yes, thank you for the opportunity again, sir. 
Abhiraj Choksey: Sure. 
Rudraksh Raheja: Could you give us more details on this synthetic latex expansion? Like for what applications are 
we expanding this time? 
Abhiraj Choksey: Sure, the same application. So, we have a about 100,000 tonne or I would say about 90,000 
tonne plant for the synthetic latex production. The two main products we make there are 
styrene butadiene latex and styrene acrylic latexes. And that is where we said we are close to 
80% capacity utilization there. It would be for similar carpet construction, paper textiles, and 
there are a lot of specialty applications as well that we are now focusing on a few specialty 
applications that we are now focusing on. So, it would be for similar products. It is just that 
instead of Taloja, we are doing it in Valia. One is to de-risk from Taloja, which has become a 
large site for synthetic latex and globally, I would say, globally comparable site. So, we just 
wanted to manufacture this product at another site and we have enough space and buildings 
and all that in Valia. So, we decided to do it in Valia. Whereas for the NBR, we need economies 
of scale at the same plant. We are still below optimal sort of global capacity, which is what I 
mentioned to one of the previous callers. So, there we are continuing in Valia. So, the entire, 
the next 16 months, 18 months, focus on expansion is going to be in Valia, Gujarat. 
[[PAGE 13]]
 Page 12 of 18 
Rudraksh Raheja: Got it, sir. Sir, I think last time when we expanded in paper, some other player also expanded 
at the same time. And this led to some sort of lower prices in the market. And again, we have 
announced our CAPEX in synthetic latex and another listed player in this space has also 
announced CAPEX in the latex segment. So, how do you see this playing out in the future and 
affecting our margins and all? 
Abhiraj Choksey: I am not sure who you are referring to, but look, I mean, there is always cycles. I think what 
happened post COVID was not just in India, but globally, everyone also added latex. So, while 
we do not compete globally, I think it does affect the, there is always an option, right, for people 
to go abroad. And I think if that does happen, depending on the timing, and I am not aware of 
the timing and who you are referring to specifically, but I do not think it is going to be like what 
happened post COVID, where if you remember what happened in COVID is between 2020 and 
2021, everything was shut, right? There was nobody expanding. In fact, people are not going 
out of the house. And then suddenly the demand picked up very quickly because people were 
sitting at home and ordering goods. So, manufacturing demand picked up. So, that was a very 
unique case. And in that euphoria, I think a lot of capacity expansion worldwide in India 
happened with large numbers. This time we are increasing capacity by about 35%, 40%. I would 
say about 35% to 40%. Last time, I think our percentage expansion was much larger as it was 
for the other player. So, we will have to see. That is a cycle that will play out. We have decided 
that we have certain strengths in this segment, and we are going to go ahead no matter what 
everyone else is doing. And sure, a couple of quarters then at that point, margins may be 
affected. We will see. We will have to deal with it. 
Rudraksh Raheja: Understood, sir. 
Abhiraj Choksey: But I must also mention that who you are referring to, there may be others that have entered, 
but we believe that the technology and the next level of technology is going to be even sort of 
the next generation technology better than what we have today. I think we are quite confident 
that what we are doing in the synthetic latex segment now going forward will be revolutionary 
for India. It has never been seen in India. And the productivity, the cost, the quality, all of it will 
be at a different scale. So, we are quite confident that we will not only compete this time, but 
we will have significantly better products at perhaps a little lower cost as well. 
Rudraksh Raheja: So, are we entering more sort of specialized segments that are margin accretive than what we 
have done previously? 
Abhiraj Choksey: We will be, but obviously, if we are investing at a 37,000 tonne capacity, it cannot only be for 
specialized segments. We would need the segments which provide the volumes as well. 
Rudraksh Raheja: Got it, sir. And I think you have mentioned this number, I am repeating this, with this sort of 
CAPEX, what would be the revenue potential that would unlock? 
[[PAGE 14]]
 Page 13 of 18 
Abhiraj Choksey: About Rs. 550 crores to Rs. 600 crores. 
Rudraksh Raheja: Got it. And sir, assuming at this point of time, there is no pricing improvement in any of our 
segments, what is the peak revenue that we can do with existing capacity? 
Abhiraj Choksey: I mean, I know we had worked it out last year and it was about Rs. 1600 crores, Rs. 1700 crores. 
I think it would obviously, now in the current context, prices are very depressed, but in this Q2, 
but you know, that kind of will at some point, it will start going up again, but I am assuming 
around the same, probably Rs. 1600 crore, Rs. 1700 crore. 
Rudraksh Raheja: Yes, sure. Got it. Thank you. 
Abhiraj Choksey: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Arun Arora from NB Investment. Please 
proceed. 
Arun Arora: Good evening. Congratulations on the good performance. 
Abhiraj Choksey: Thank you, Mr. Arora. 
Arun Arora: I had two questions. One is regarding the ADD. Last time it so happened, in spite DGTR 
recommending for this ADD, finance ministry did not issue a circular imposing that. So, is there 
any possibility that it can be repeated again this time also? 
Abhiraj Choksey: Yes, that can be a possibility. But from what we understand, what is happening through our 
lawyers and basically watching, in that period of 2020-21, I think the percentage of cases that 
were not being notified were much higher. And now it is like, you know, one out of 20 or, you 
know, I mean, much lower. So, there is a higher level of confidence. And that is the reason why 
we again applied for anti-dumping, because we saw that there seems to be now some kind of 
alignment. And we feel that majority of cases are now being notified. However, as you said, 
that always remains a risk, but the risk is low from what we understand on what we have been 
advised. 
Arun Arora: Okay, good. My second question is, almost a year back or so when some participant had asked 
for the future capacity expansion, you had mentioned that we do not have space, except for 
that nitrile latex, that additional 50,000 capacity or so. You may have to venture out for a new 
land or so. So, I was getting a little bit confused. So, Valia we are doing in the Taloja. So, is it 
being done in the existing plant sites only? 
Abhiraj Choksey: Yes, it has been done in the existing plant site at Valia. So, maybe there was some 
misunderstanding.  But, in Taloja yes, we are tight on space. We can perhaps do a few things 
as well there, but as of now our decision is do the entire expansion in Valia. And obviously, we 
[[PAGE 15]]
 Page 14 of 18 
are utilizing some current buildings that have already been built and we are going to build some 
additional structures as well for this expansion. So, we do have space in Valia. 
Arun Arora: Okay, so after this expansion, plus the 50,000 that space, what is there for the nitrile latex, do 
we have still some more space left or we are done with all whatever the remaining space? 
Abhiraj Choksey: No, we will have some more space left. 
Arun Arora: Some more space. Okay. So, lastly, regarding nitrile latex margins, now that we are at 80%, is 
it fair to assume that in the coming quarters, the margins should slowly and steadily would 
keep going up? 
Abhiraj Choksey: It is difficult to assume that. I do not know. The answer is we do not know. No one can exactly 
predict the future. But at we hope it remains stable and perhaps over time as capacity 
utilization globally or in Asia goes up, that it should technically happen because nitrile latex 
margins are still much lower than what they were pre-COVID. So, technically, it should go up. I 
do not know when. 
Arun Arora: Okay. So, for you to start this second phase of the CAPEX, are you looking at the improvement 
in the margins or the increase in the capacity utilization? 
Abhiraj Choksey: Look, we should be at, see, selling product is not a problem because at a price, you know, you 
can sell anything, right? So, it is not more about the volumes, but sure, now our capacity 
utilization is already at 80%. We can go up to 100 immediately if we just give a little bit more 
discount and all, but we are trying to balance between pricing margins and volumes. So, it is 
more about the market than internal at this stage. 
Arun Arora: So, what you are trying to say is the improvement in the margins only will make you to go for 
the phase two CAPEX. 
Abhiraj Choksey: Right. 
Arun Arora: Okay. Thank you very much and wish you all the best. 
Abhiraj Choksey: Thank you, Mr. Arora. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manav Vijay from MV Investment. Please 
proceed. 
Manav Vijay: Yes sir. Sir, thank you very much for the opportunity. Sir, my first question is regarding the 
expansion that you are doing. Now, you just mentioned to the last caller that even after doing 
this expansion, you will have some space left in Valia. So, are we in the process of, let us say, 
[[PAGE 16]]
 Page 15 of 18 
figuring out even a third piece of land so that as and when we take the decision to expand 
further, we will have land available? 
Abhiraj Choksey: I think we have land available in Valia even now. We obviously will explore, but I think the 
decision is, or not decision, but the thinking is that until we have a clear idea on what we want 
to do with the land, we would not be purchasing it. I think we have a reasonable amount of 
land in Valia where we can further expand if we so choose to, but it depends on what products. 
So, if it is in the same products like latex and all, I think we have enough land in Valia. But if it 
is completely something different, then we may look at the third site. As of now, there is no 
decision on that, but we are always on the lookout. 
Manav Vijay: Sure. Okay. Sir, the second question is regarding the raw material price decline that we are 
witnessing now for the last three quarters. So, I believe that actually quarter four, we had a 3% 
price decline. Quarter one, we had 13%. And in this quarter, we had roughly 15% kind of a price 
decline. Now, this three quarters continuously is a slightly, I would say, longer period. So, in 
history, have you seen such a long period of price decline continuously happening? If you can 
elaborate on that? 
Abhiraj Choksey: Yes, I think so. I think in the last 20 years, there have been three or four periods like this. Not 
very uncommon. Of course, does not happen all the time, but not very uncommon. We saw it 
at least for three quarters during the COVID period, from January to March, and then after that 
as well for a couple of quarters and then it started moving up again quickly. We saw it in 2009-
10, I think in between as well in 2014-15, suddenly prices had gone up and then it came down. 
So, three quarters, sometimes four quarters is not uncommon. Well, it is not common, but it is 
not uncommon either. Every four, five years, this does happen. But as I said, look, I mean, we 
are okay with that. Sometimes it does help us, this price decrease is good for us in terms of, for 
example, one of the reasons why working capital management is better, right, because of lower 
prices. So, that helped. At the same time, we probably have had some stock losses because we 
bought at a higher rate. And in spite of that, margins have been reasonably okay. We have been 
able to manage that. It is not so much of a concern. Any specific reason why you are asking this 
question? 
Manav Vijay: No. Sir, for the simple reason, actually, since our sales, to an extent, is also dependent on the 
price growth as well. So, while we have been, let us say, getting a good volume growth, so along 
with that, if we had pricing growth as well, then the bump-up in margins would have been 
much better. That is why I am asking that I would have three continuous quarters of price 
decline. 
Abhiraj Choksey: Actually, margins and revenues are two different things, right? So, we can still hold on to the 
margins, even if prices are declining or going up. I am talking about margins on an absolute 
level, not on a percentage level. So, in fact, when prices decline, our margins on a percentage 
level sometimes seem better, because we try and hold on to the absolute margins. Sometimes 
[[PAGE 17]]
 Page 16 of 18 
it does not happen. We have to also reduce our absolute margins. And vice versa, sometimes 
when prices go up dramatically, we are not able to increase percentage margin at the same 
pace. But absolute, then we are at least able to increase. And therefore, our EBITDA margins, 
so EBITDA margins for us is the key, not so much contribution margins. 
Manav Vijay: Sure. Okay. Sir, my next question is regarding the working capital. So, in this quarter, in our 
cash flow operations, we had Rs. 61 crores coming in from receivables, which I believe is the 
best that you have done in the last few many, many years. So, any specific reason because of 
which you could receive so much of money from the customers? 
Abhiraj Choksey: No, no specific reason. I must commend my sales team. They are doing a good job. 
Vivek Thakur: One of the reasons is because of the lower price at which the finished goods are being sold. So, 
that is one of the reasons why in absolute value, the receivables are much lesser. If you see the 
number of days, there also is an improvement. But absolute value reduction is largely because 
of the lower FG prices. 
Manav Vijay: So, in this quarter, you have done net cash positive, and this Rs. 61 crores has helped you a lot 
to turn actually cash positive. That is why I am asking, so what you believe is the probability of 
continuity of this huge cash flow generation? Like you have done Rs. 107 crores in I would say 
H1, which you have never done. 
Abhiraj Choksey: Why have you calculated this number of 107? What is that? 
Manav Vijay: So, in this H1, you have generated Rs. 107 crores of actually cash flow from operations that you 
have never done in the last 15 years of history. So, I would just like to figure out whether this 
number is actually abnormal, or this is what let us say the business should look like even going 
forward, because now the business dynamics are turning in your favor. 
Abhiraj Choksey: So, I think as Vivek mentioned, that the reduction in prices of raw materials has definitely 
helped us in this. So, in that sense, yes, it is. I mean, if prices go up, suddenly our working capital 
requirement also will go up, right? If prices, let us say from now they are going to climb by 30%, 
40%, our working capital requirement would also climb that much. So, certainly that has helped 
us. Yes. 
Manav Vijay: Sure. Okay. Thank you and all the best. 
Abhiraj Choksey: Thank you. Vivek, I hope I have answered Manav's question okay. 
Vivek Thakur: Yes, that is correct. And just to also clarify, a large portion of Rs. 107 crores is from profits, 
which is EBITDA, which has come back into the kitty, so the internal accruals, and about Rs. 20 
crores, which is released from working capital on a net basis. Yes, correct. Okay. Thank you. 
[[PAGE 18]]
 Page 17 of 18 
Abhiraj Choksey: What you would say is like a little bit of a bump, right, we have had? Is that right? Sorry, I am 
asking the question in our own conference call. Sorry. 
Manav Vijay: No, sir. Sir I think the moot point is that the cash flow operations are actually fantastic in this 
year first half. It help you to actually turn cash positive, which in turn should help you to have 
cash for the upcoming CAPEX sir. 
Abhiraj Choksey: Exactly. Thank you, Manav. 
Manav Vijay: Thank you very much. All the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankit from Adezi Ventures Family Office. Please 
proceed. 
Ankit: Hi, good afternoon, and congratulations on the good set of numbers. I joined the call a little 
late, so apologies if this is slightly a repeat, but I just wanted to understand currently what is 
the ongoing status of the ADD, and when are we anticipating that this might kind of come to 
fruition if we have any estimates? 
Abhiraj Choksey: Can you repeat the last part of your question? What is the current status of ADD? I understood. 
What is the second part of the question? 
Ankit: Yes, and when do we anticipate if do we have any estimates when this might come to fruition? 
When this might? 
Abhiraj Choksey: Yes, so I mentioned to one of the previous caller that the, as of now, the DGTR has 
recommended through their final findings anti-dumping duties on certain countries and certain 
companies. One company or one importer has not been subjected to any anti-dumping duty. 
The rest have been subjected to a reasonable anti-dumping duty. We are told that the finance 
ministry typically notifies within three months of the final findings, so we expect by December 
end. 
Ankit: Okay, thanks a lot. That is helpful. And usually, I mean, what kind of, if something like this has 
happened in the past, what kind of impact can you expect on pricing and margins from 
something like this coming through? 
Abhiraj Choksey: As I said, it has been a mixed bag, so we are not quite certain how the market will play out, 
because one of the big importers has not been subjected to any anti-dumping, so that will 
continue as it is. The rest, we will see how it plays out, you know, instead of speculating and 
seeing, let us first finally see what the final notification says, because there can be changes 
there as well, and then we will comment on it. And honestly, we will have to also just see what 
happens in the market, because we are not the only player in the market, right? So, there are 
many things that other players can also do in terms of pricing. So, we will have to see how that 
[[PAGE 19]]
 Page 18 of 18 
impacts. As of now, our plans, our expansion plans, all our projections are based on no real 
benefit or bonus from this anti-dumping duty. That, you know, we had asked for because we 
are the only manufacturer of NBR in India. We are subscale in terms of global production, and 
we wanted some help from the government for a short period of time of five years to be able 
to invest and recoup our money and make reasonable margins and profits and returns on our 
investment. And we could do that because we have a brownfield. It is a brownfield expansion. 
Had it been a green field, then we would definitely have not been able to do it with the current 
margins. There would not be any justification for additional CAPEX. 
Ankit: Right. And this one person who has not being subjected to the DGTR, what percentage of your 
imports or the market would they contribute should we have an estimate? 
Abhiraj Choksey: I am not sure, but a large percentage, 30%, 35% perhaps, 30% at least of the Indian market. 
Ankit: Okay. Thanks a lot and wish you all the best. 
Abhiraj Choksey: Thanks. 
Moderator: Thank you. That was the last question for the day. I would now like to hand the conference 
over to the management for the closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Abhiraj Choksey: Thank you very much for joining our Q2 Investor and Analyst Conference. We look forward to 
seeing you all in Q3 and updating you on any other major further updates. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. On behalf of Apcotex Industries Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 