[page 1]
EL/SEC/2025-26/108

February 09, 2026

Corporate Relationship Department          The Manager, Listing Department
BSE Limited                                National Stock Exchange of India Limited
1st Floor, New Trading Ring Rotunda        "Exchange Plaza”, C-1, Block G,
Building, P J Towers, Dalal Street, Fort,  Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)
Mumbai - 400 001                           Mumbai - 400 051

Script Code: 543533                        Symbol: EMUDHRA

Dear Sir/Madam,

Sub: Postal Ballot notice

In furtherance to our letter dated February 2, 2026 please find enclosed herewith the Postal Ballot
Notice dated February 09, 2026 along with the Explanatory Statement ("Notice") seeking approval of
Members of eMudhra Limited (“the Company”) by way of resolutions for the following matters:

Sr No  Description of the resolutions                                      Type of resolutions
1      Re-appointment of Mr. Venkatraman Srinivasan (DIN:00640646) as      Special
       Executive Chairman of the Company, who is attaining the age of 70
2      years on May 26, 2026                                               Special
3      Appointment of Mr. Kaushik Srinivasan (DIN: 02634925) as a Whole-   Ordinary
       Time Director
       Appointment of Mr. Arvind Srinivasan (DIN: 02547313) as a Director

The Notice is being sent today, i.e., Monday, February 09, 2026, through electronic means only, to
those Members of the Company whose names appear on the Register of Members / List of Beneficial
Owners as on February 06, 2026 (cut-off date) and whose e-mail IDs are registered with their
Depository Participant(s) / the Company.

Further, the calendar of events in connection with the said Postal Ballot Notice is as under:

Sr No                             Particulars                                Schedule
1      Cut-off date for identification of voting rights of the  Friday, 6th February, 2026
2      members
3      Date and time of commencement of remote e-voting         Thursday, 12th February, 2026,
4                                                               9:00 AM
5      Date and time of end of remote e-voting                  Friday, 13th March, 2026,
                                                                5:00 PM
       Submission of report by the Scrutinizer                  On or before Tuesday, 17th
                                                                March, 2026
       Date of declaration of results of e-voting               On or before Tuesday, 17th
                                                                March, 2026

Copy of the said Notice can be accessed on the website of the Company i.e., www.emudhra.com.

[page 2]
This is for your information and records.

Thanking you

Yours faithfully,
For eMudhra Limited

                       Digitally signed

JOHNSO by JOHNSON

                       XAVIER

N XAVIER Date: 2026.02.09

                       18:01:46 +05'30'

Johnson Xavier
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Membership No. A28304

Encl: As Above

[page 3]
                                                POSTAL BALLOT NOTICE
  (Pursuant to Section(s) 108 and 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule(s) 20 and 22 of the

                         Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014)

Dear Members,

NOTICE is hereby given, pursuant to the provisions of Section 110 and other applicable provisions, if
any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) read with Rule 20 and Rule 22 of the Companies
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 ("the Rules"), Regulation 44 of Securities and Exchange
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing
Regulations’), Secretarial Standard on General Meetings issued by The Institute of Company
Secretaries of India (‘SS-2’), each as amended, and in accordance with the requirements prescribed
by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (‘MCA’) for holding general meetings/ conducting postal ballot
process through e-Voting, vide General Circular Nos. 14/2020 dated April 8, 2020, 17/2020 dated April
13, 2020, 20/2020 dated May 5, 2020, 22/2020 dated June 15, 2020, 33/2020 dated September 28,
2020, 39/2020 dated December 31, 2020, 10/2021 dated June 23, 2021, 20/2021 dated
December 8, 2021, 3/2022 dated May 5, 2022, and 09/2023 dated September 25, 2023, 09/2024
dated 19th September 2024 and 02/2025 dated 22nd September 2025 (collectively referred to as
‘MCA Circulars’), to transact the special business as set out hereunder by passing Ordinary &
Special Resolutions by way of postal ballot only by voting through electronic means (‘Remote e-
Voting’).

Pursuant to Section 102 and other applicable provisions of the Act, the statement pertaining to
the said Resolutions setting out the material facts and reasons/ rationale thereof is annexed to
this Postal Ballot Notice (‘Notice’) for your consideration and forms part of this Notice.

Pursuant to Section 110 of the Act read with Rule 22 of the Companies (Management and
Administration) Rules, 2014, and MCA Circulars, and in compliance with Regulation 44 of the SEBI
Listing Regulations, the Company shall send Postal Ballot Notice by e-mail to all its Members who
have registered their e-mail addresses with the Company's Registrar and Transfer Agent (‘RTA’) or
Depository/ Depository Participants (‘DPs’) and voting by the Members shall be allowed only
through the E-voting system. The Notice shall also be available on the Company's website at
www.emudhra.com and on the websites of the Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited (‘BSE’) at
www.bseindia.com and National Stock Exchange of India Limited (‘NSE’) at www.nseindia.com
respectively, and on the website of the Company's RTA - MUFG Intime India Private Limited
(Formerly Link Intime India Private Limited) (‘MIIPL’) at Investor.helpdesk@in.mpms.mufg.com.

The Company has engaged the services of MIIPL, the RTA of the Company as the agency to provide
remote E-voting facility.

Pursuant to Rule 22(5) of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, the Board
of Directors of the Company have appointed Mr. S P Nagarajan (Membership No. ACS 10028 and COP
No. 4738), Company Secretary in Practice (‘Scrutinizer’), as scrutinizer for conducting the postal
ballot process in a fair and transparent manner.

In accordance with the provisions of the MCA Circulars, the Company has made arrangements for
the shareholders to register their e-mail addresses. Therefore, those shareholders who have not
yet registered their e-mail addresses are requested to register the same by following the
procedure set out in the notes to this Postal Ballot Notice and the manner of voting remotely by

[page 4]
members holding shares in dematerialized mode is set out in the notes to this Postal Ballot Notice.
The remote e-voting will commence on Thursday, February 12, 2026 at 9:00 a.m. (1ST) and ends
on Friday, March 13, 2026 at 5:00 p.m. (IST).

The result of remote E-voting along with Scrutinizer's report will be published on the website of the
Company at www.emudhra.com and shall also be displayed at the Registered Office of the Company
and on the website of the MIIPL at Investor.helpdesk@in.mpms.mufg.com within 2 (two) working days
from the end of remote E-voting and the same will also be simultaneously communicated to BSE and
NSE ("hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Stock Exchanges").

Members having any queries, issues or requiring any clarifications on remote e-voting may contact
MUFG Intime India Private Limited (Formerly Link Intime India Private Limited) on number 022-4918
6000 or reach by email:- enotices@linkintime.co.in.

The Members are hereby requested to consider the following proposed resolutions along with
explanatory statements concerning each item, as annexed to this Postal Ballot Notice and thereafter
record their assent or dissent by means of remote E-Voting. The resolutions, if passed by the requisite
majority, shall be deemed to have been passed on Friday, March 13, 2026 i.e. the last date specified
for the remote e-voting

SPECIAL BUSINESS:

 1. Re-appointment of Mr. Venkatraman Srinivasan (DIN:00640646) as Executive Chairman of the
     Company, who is attaining the age of 70 years on May 26, 2026:

     To consider, and if thought fit, to pass, the following resolution as a Special Resolution:

     "RESOLVED THAT in accordance with the provisions of Sections 196, 197, 198 and 203 read with
     Schedule V and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 ('the Act') and the
     Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, SEBI (Listing
     Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 (including any statutory
     modification(s) or reenactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force), the provisions of the
     articles of association of the company or such other approvals and sanctions as may be necessary,
     approval of the members be and is hereby accorded for the re-appointment of Mr. Venkatraman
     Srinivasan (DIN: 00640646), in respect of whom the Company has received a notice in writing
     under Section 160 of the Act from a Member proposing his candidature for the office of Director
     and who will attain the age of 70 (Seventy) years on May 26, 2026, as an Executive Chairman of
     the Company, for a period of 5 (Five) years with effect from May 26, 2026 till May 25, 2031, not
     subject to retirement by rotation, as recommended by the Nomination and Remuneration
     Committee and the Board of Directors at their Meeting held on February 02, 2026 with the
     following terms and conditions:

     a. Term:

          i. 5 years commencing from May 26, 2026 to May 25, 2031

         ii. His current term of employment which is valid up to November 02, 2026 will end on May 25,
           2026

     b. Remuneration: Mr. Venkatraman Srinivasan will draw a remuneration of Re. 1 per year as
         proposed by him.

[page 5]
    c. Allowance & Perquisites: Accommodation, conveyance, transportation will be provided by the
        company. He will be eligible for communication expenses, medical insurance for him and his
        family, leave and leave travel passage, for him and his spouse, Personal Accident Insurance and
        Group Term Insurance Coverage, reimbursement of expenses incurred by him for the purpose
        of the business of the Company and such other beneﬁts, amenities and perquisites as the
        Board of Directors of the Company may determine from time to time.

    RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board and/ or the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of
    the Company be and is hereby authorized to alter, vary and modify the said terms of appointment
    and/ or remuneration payable to him, including the monetary value thereof, as per applicable
    provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
    Regulations 2015 or any statutory modification, clarifications or re-enactment thereof from time
    to time.

    RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any Director and/or Company Secretary of the Company be and are
    hereby severally authorized to do all such acts, deeds and things and to sign all such documents
    and writings as may be necessary, expedient and incidental thereto to give effect to this resolution
    and for matters connected therewith or incidental thereto."

2. Appointment of Mr. Kaushik Srinivasan (DIN: 02634925) as a Whole-Time Director:

    To consider, and if thought fit, to pass, the following resolution as a Special Resolution:

    "RESOLVED THAT in accordance with the provisions of Sections 196, 197, 198 and 203 read with
    Schedule V and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 ('the Act') and the
    Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, SEBI (Listing
    Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 (including any statutory
    modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force), the provisions of the
    articles of association of the company or such other approvals and sanctions as may be necessary,
    approval of the members be and is hereby accorded for the appointment of Mr. Kaushik
    Srinivasan (DIN: 02634925), in respect of whom the Company has received a notice in writing
    under Section 160 of the Act from a Member proposing his candidature for the office of Director,
    as a Whole-Time Director of the Company, for a period of 5 (Five) years with effect from April 01,
    2026 till March 31, 2031, not subject to retirement by rotation, as recommended by the
    Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Board of Directors at their Meeting held on
    February 02, 2026 with the following terms and conditions:

    a. Term: 5 years commencing from April 01, 2026 to March 31, 2031

    b. Remuneration: The aggregate of salary, ﬁxed allowances and bonus/performance linked
        incentives payable to Mr. Kaushik Srinivasan shall be in the range of Rs. 75,00,000/- to Rs.
        2,00,00,000/- per annum.

    c. Allowance & Perquisites: Accommodation, conveyance, transportation will be provided by the
        company. He will be eligible for communication expenses, medical insurance for him and his
        family, leave and leave travel passage, for him, his spouse and children, Personal Accident
        Insurance and Group Term Insurance Coverage, he shall be entitled to contribution to the
        Company’s Provident Fund Scheme in accordance with the rules of the Scheme, he shall be
        entitled to Gratuity as per the rules of the Company, reimbursement of expenses incurred by

[page 6]
        him for the purpose of the business of the Company and such other beneﬁts, amenities and
        perquisites as the Board of Directors of the Company may determine from time to time.

    RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board and/ or the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of
    the Company be and is hereby authorized to alter, vary and modify the said terms of appointment
    and/ or remuneration payable to him, including the monetary value thereof, as per applicable
    provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
    Regulations 2015 or any statutory modification, clarifications or re-enactment thereof from time
    to time.

    RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any Director and/or Company Secretary of the Company be and are
    hereby severally authorized to do all such acts, deeds and things and to sign all such documents
    and writings as may be necessary, expedient and incidental thereto to give effect to this resolution
    and for matters connected therewith or incidental thereto."

3. Appointment of Mr. Arvind Srinivasan (DIN: 02547313) as a Director:

    To consider, and if thought fit, to pass, the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:

    “RESOLVED THAT in accordance with the provisions of Sections 152, 160, and other applicable
    provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Companies (Appointment and Qualifications of
    Directors) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the
    time being in force), the provisions of the articles of association of the company or such other
    approvals and sanctions as may be necessary, based on the recommendation of the Nomination
    and Remuneration Committee and the Board at their meeting held on February 02, 2026, Mr.
    Arvind Srinivasan (DIN: 02547313) in respect of whom the Company has received a notice in
    writing under Section 160 of the Act from a Member proposing his candidature for the office of
    Director, be and is hereby appointed as a Director of the Company, with effect from April 01, 2026
    who shall be liable to retire by rotation and eligible for sitting fees for the Board and Committee
    meetings.

    RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any Director and/or Company Secretary of the Company be and are
    hereby severally authorized to do all such acts, deeds and things and to sign all such documents
    and writings as may be necessary, expedient and incidental thereto to give effect to this resolution
    and for matters connected therewith or incidental thereto."

By the order of the Board of Directors  CIN: L72900KA2008PLC060368
For eMudhra Limited                     Email ID: companysecretary@emudhra.com
                                        Website: www.emudhra.com
                                        Tel: +91 8048484001

Johnson Xavier                          Registered Office: eMudhra Digital
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  Campus No. 12-P1-A & 12- P1-B, IT Park
Membership No.: A28304                  Industrial Area, B K Palaya, North
                                        Jala Hobli, Bengaluru, Karnataka 562149
Date: February 09, 2026

[page 7]
NOTES

    1. The explanatory statement pursuant to Section 102(1) and Section 110 of the Act read together
       with Rule 22 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, setting out the
       material facts is annexed thereto and forms part of this Notice.

    2. In accordance with the MCA Circulars, this Notice is being sent in electronic form only by email to
       those members whose names appear in the Register of Members/ List of Beneﬁcial Owners as
       received from Depositories i.e. National Securities Depository Limited ('NSDL') / Central
       Depository Services (India) Limited ("CDSL") and Company's RTA, i.e. MIIPL as on Friday, February
       06, 2026 ('Cut Oﬀ Date') and who have or will register their email address with the DPs or with
       MIIPL in accordance with the process outlined in this Postal Ballot Notice.

    3. Only those Members whose names are appearing in the Register of Members I List of Beneﬁcial
       Owners as on the Cut-oﬀ Date shall be eligible to cast their votes through postal ballot. A person
       who is not a Member on the Cut-Oﬀ Date should treat this Notice for information purposes only.
       The voting rights of the Members shall be in proportion to their share of the paid-up equity share
       capital of the Company as on the Cut-Oﬀ Date. It is however, clariﬁed that all Members of the
       Company as on the Cut-Oﬀ Date (including those Members who may not have received this Notice
       due to non-registration of their e-mail address with the Company/RT A/Depositories) shall be
       entitled to vote in relation to aforementioned Resolution in accordance with the process speciﬁed
       in this Notice.

    4. In compliance with provisions of Section 108 and Section 110 and other applicable provisions, as
       amended read together with Rule 20 and 22 of Companies (Management and Administration)
       Rules, 2014 and Regulation 44 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, SS 2 and MCA Circulars, the Company
       is pleased to oﬀer e-voting facility to all the Members of the Company. For this purpose, the
       Company has engaged MIIPL for facilitating e-voting to enable the members to cast their votes
       through Remote e-voting.

    5. In accordance with the MCA Circulars and SEBI Circulars, physical copy of the Notice along with
       Postal Ballot Form and pre-paid business reply envelope will not be sent to the members for this
       Postal Ballot. The communication of the assent or dissent of the members would take place through
       the process of Remote e-voting only.

    6. Notice is also placed on the website of the Company i.e. www.emudhra.com and the website of
       MIIPL i.e. www. https://instavote.linkintime.co.in and shall be available on the websites of the
       stock exchanges on which the shares of the Company are listed i.e. BSE at www.bseindia.com and
       NSE at www.nseindia.com. Members who have not received the Notice may download the same
       from the aforesaid websites.

    7. The remote e-voting period commences on Thursday, February 12, 2026 at 9:00 a.m. 1ST and
       ends on Friday, March 13, 2026 at 5:00 p.m. 1ST. The remote e-voting module shall be disabled
       for voting thereafter. During this period, the members of the Company holding shares in physical
       or electronic form, as on Cut-Oﬀ Date may cast their vote by electronic means in the manner and
       the process mentioned in Note No. 15 of this Notice. Once the vote on a resolution(s) is cast by
       the member, the members shall not be allowed to change it subsequently.

    8. Documents referred to in the Notice/ Explanatory Statement shall be made available for electronic
       inspection without any fee to the members from the date of circulation of this Notice upto the

[page 8]
   date of closure of remote e-voting i.e. Friday, March 13, 2026 at 5:00 p.m. IST. Members who wish
   to inspect such documents are requested to send an email to cs@wewinlimited.com mentioning
   their name, folio no./client ID and DP ID and the documents they wish to inspect, with a self-
   attested copy of their PAN card attached to the email.

9. The Board of Directors ("Board") of the Company at its meeting held on Monday, February 02,
   2026 has appointed Shri S.P Nagarajan, Company Secretary in Practice (PCS: 10028 and CP No:
   4738), to act as Scrutinizer for conducting the Postal ballot through remote e-voting process in a
   fair and transparent manner, who has communicated his willingness to be appointed and will be
   available for the said purpose.

10. The Scrutinizer will submit his report, after the completion of scrutiny, to the Chairman of the
   Company or any person authorized by him within 2 working days from the end of the remote e-
   voting period. The Scrutinizer’s decision on the validity of the Votes cast shall be ﬁnal. The result
   of the Postal Ballot will be announced by the Chairman of the company, or any other person
   authorized by him not later than 2 working days from the conclusion of remote e-voting.

11.The result of Postal Ballot along with the Scrutinizer's Report will also be placed on the Company's
   Website at www.emudhra.com and shall also be displayed at the Registered Oﬃce of the Company
   and also on the MIIPL's website at https://instavote.linkintime.co.in and shall be communicated
   to the stock exchanges where the Company's shares are listed.

12.Resolutions passed by the members through Postal Ballot are deemed to have been passed as if
   the same have been passed at general meeting of the members convened in that behalf. The
   resolutions, if approved by the requisite majority by means of Postal Ballot, shall be deemed to
   have been passed on the last date of remote e-voting i.e. Friday, March 13, 2026.

13.The vote in this Postal Ballot cannot be exercised through proxy.

14.Procedure for registering the e-mail addresses for obtaining the Notice of Postal ballot and
   remote e-voting instructions by the Members whose e-mail addresses are not registered
   with the DPs (in case of Members holding shares in de-mat form) or with MIIPL (in case of
   Members holding shares in physical form)

    Those persons who are Members of the Company as on Cut-off date i.e. Friday, February 06,
   2026 and who have not yet registered their e-mail addresses are requested to get their e-mail
   addresses registered by following the procedure given below:

      a. In case shares are held in physical mode please provide folio no., name of Member, scanned
           copy of the share certiﬁcate (front and back), PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN card),
           Aadhaar (self-attested scanned copy of Aadhaar card) by e-mail to
           mt.helpdesk@linkintime.co.in.

      b. In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DP ID & Client ID (16-digit DP ID &
           Client ID or 16-digit beneﬁciary ID), name, client master or copy of consolidated account
           statement, PAN (self- attested scanned copy of PAN card), Aadhaar (self-attested scanned
           copy of Aadhaar card) to mt.helpdesk@linkintime.co.in. If you are an individual member
           holding securities in demat mode, you are requested to refer to the login method explained
           above i.e., login method for e-voting for individual Member/shareholder holding securities
           in demat mode.

[page 9]
c. Alternatively, members may send a request to enotices@linkintime.co.in for procuring User
    ID and Password fore-voting by providing above mentioned documents.

In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-voting facility provided by listed companies,
individual Members holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat
account maintained with depositories and depository participants. Members are required to
update their mobile number and e-mail ID correctly in their demat account in order to access e-
voting facility.

15.The instructions and other information relating to remote e-voting are as under:

In terms of SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 11, 2024. Individual
shareholders holding securities in de-mat mode are allowed to vote through their de-mat account
maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants.

Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and email Id correctly in their de-mat
accounts to access remote e-Voting facility.

The instructions for e-voting are given herein below:

The remote e-voting facility is available at the following link:
https://instavote.linkintime.co.in.

The e-voting event number (EVENT) and period of remote e- voting are set out below:

Event No.  Commencement of e-voting                               End of remote e-voting

           Thursday, February 12, 2026 at                         Friday, March 13, 2026 at
           9:00 a.m. 1ST                                          5:00 p.m. 1ST

E-voting will not be allowed beyond the aforesaid date and time and the e-voting module
shall be forthwith disabled by MIIPL upon the expiry of the aforesaid period.

Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode:

Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode with NSDL

METHOD 1 - NSDL OTP based login

a. Visit URL: https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.jsp

b. Enter your 8 - character DP ID, 8 - digit Client Id, PAN, Veriﬁcation code and generate
    OTP.

c. Enter the OTP received on your registered email ID/ mobile number and click on login.

d. Post successful authentication, you will be re-directed to NSDL depository website
    wherein you will be able to see e-Voting services under Value added services. Click on
    "Access to e-Voting" under e-Voting services.

e. Click on "MUFG InTime" or "e-voting link displayed alongside Company's Name" and
    you will be redirected to Insta-Vote website for casting the vote during the remote e-
    voting period.

[page 10]
METHOD 2- NSDL IDeAS Facility
Shareholders registered for IDeAS facility:
a. Visit URL: https://eservices.nsdl.com and click on "Beneﬁcial Owner" icon under "IDeAS

     Login Section".
b. Enter IDeAS User ID, Password, Veriﬁcation code & click on “Log-in”.

c. Post successful authentication, you will be able to see e-Voting services under Value
     added services section. Click on "Access to e-Voting" under e-Voting services.

d. Click on "MUFG In-Time" or "e-voting link displayed alongside Company's Name"
     and you will be redirected to InstaVote website for casting the vote during the remote
     e-voting period.

Shareholders not registered for IDeAS facility:
a. To register, visit URL: https://eservices.nsdl.com and select "Register Online for

     IDeAS Portal" or click on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp

b. Enter 8-character DP ID, 8-digit Client ID, Mobile no, Veriﬁcation code & click on
     "Submit".

c. Enter the last 4 digits of your bank account/ generate 'OTP'
d. Post successful registration, user will be provided with Login ID and password.
e. Follow steps given above in points (a-d) above.

       Shareholders/Members can also download
       NSDL Mobile App “NSDL Speede” facility by
       scanning the QR code mentioned below for
       seamless voting experience.

METHOD 3 - NSDL e-voting website
a. Visit URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com

b. Click on the "Login" tab available under' Shareholder/Member' section.
c. Enter User ID (i.e., your 16-digit demat account no. held with NSDL), Password/OTP and a

     Verification Code as shown on the screen & click on “Login”.
d. Post successful authentication, you will be re-directed to NSDL depository website

     wherein you will be able to see e-Voting services under Value added services. Click on
     "Access to e-Voting" under e-Voting services.

e. Click on "MUFG InTime" or "e-voting link displayed alongside Company’s Name” and
     you will be redirected to InstaVote website for casting the vote during the remote e-
     voting period.

[page 11]
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode with CDSL

METHOD 1- CDSL e-voting page
a. Visit URL: www.cdslindia.com
b. Go to e-voting tab.
c. Enter 16-digit De-mat Account Number (BO ID) and PAN No. and click on "Submit".

d. System will authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered Mobile and Email as
     recorded in Demat Account

e. Post successful authentication, user will be able to see e-voting option. The e-voting option
     will have links of e-voting service providers i.e., MUFG In-Time. Click on "MUFG InTime" or
     "e-voting link displayed alongside Company's Name" and you will be redirected to InstaVote
     website for casting the vote during the remote e-voting period.

METHOD 2 - CDSL Easi/ Easiest facility:
Shareholders registered for Easi/ Easiest facility

a. Visit URL:https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/Home/Login or Visit URL:
     www.cdslindia.com, click on “Login” and select “My Easi New (Token)”.

b. Enter existing username, Password & click on "Login".

c. Post successful authentication, user will be able to see e-voting option. The e-voting
     option will have links of e-voting service providers i.e., MUFG InTime. Click on "MUFG
     InTime" or "evoting link displayed alongside Company's Name" and you will be
     redirected to InstaVote website for casting the vote during the remote e-voting period.

Shareholders not registered for Easi/ Easiest facility:

a. To register, visit URL: https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/Home/EasiRegistration/
     https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/Home/EasiestRegistration

b. Proceed with updating the required ﬁelds for registration.
c. Post successful registration, user will be provided username and password on the

     registered email id. Follow steps given above in points (a-c) above.

Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode with Depository Participant

Individual shareholders can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through
your depository participant registered with NSDL I CDSL fore-voting facility.

a. Login to DP website

b. After Successful login, user shall navigate through "e-voting" option.

c. Click on e-voting option, user will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository website after
     successful authentication, wherein user can see e-voting feature.

d. Post successful authentication, click on "MUFG InTime" or "evoting link displayed
     alongside Company's Name" and you will be redirected to InstaVote website for casting
     the vote during the remote e-voting period.

[page 12]
Login method for shareholders other than Individual shareholders holding securities in
demat mode and shareholders holding securities in physical mode.

Shareholders holding shares in physical mode/ Non-Individual Shareholders holding
securities in demat mode as on the cut-off date for e-voting may register and vote on
InstaVote as under:

STEP 1: LOGIN / SIGNUP on Insta-Vote

Shareholders registered for INSTAVOTE facility:

a. Visit URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in & click on "Login" under 'SHARE HOLDER'
    tab

b. Enter details as under:

      i.User ID: Enter User ID
     ii.Password: Enter existing Password

    iii.Enter Image Veriﬁcation (CAPTCHA) Code

    iv.Click “Submit”. (Home page of e-voting will open. Follow the process given under “Steps
       to cast vote for Resolutions”)

Shareholders not registered for INSTAVOTE facility:

a. Visit URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in & click on "Sign Up" under 'SHARE HOLDER' tab
     & register with details as under:

     i.User ID: Enter User ID

ii.PAN: Enter your 10-digit Permanent

Account      Number         (PAN)

(Shareholders who have not

updated their PAN with the

Depository Participant (DP)/

Company shall use the sequence

number provided to you, if

applicable.

iii.DOB/DOI: Enter the Date of Birth (DOB)/ Date of Incorporation (DOI) (As recorded with
  your DP/Company - in DD/MM/YYYY format)

iv.Bank Account Number: Enter your Bank Account Number (last four digits), as recorded
  with your DP/Company.
   • Shareholders, holding shares in NSDL form, shall provide ‘point iv’ above.
   • Shareholders, holding shares in CDSL form, shall provide ‘point iii’ or ‘point iv’ above.
   • Shareholders, holding shares in physical form, but have not recorded point iii’ and
        ‘point iv’, shall provide their Folio number in 'iv' above

v.Set the password of your choice:

  (The password should contain minimum 8 characters, atleast one special Character (!*$#)
  at least one numeral, at least one alphabet and at least one capital letter).

[page 13]
    vi.Enter Image Veriﬁcation (CAPTCH) Code.
    vii.Click "Submit" (You have now registered on InstaVote).

       Post successful registration, click on "Login" under 'SHARE HOLDER' tab & follow steps
       given above in points a.

 STEP 2: Steps to cast vote for Resolutions through InstaVote

a. Post successful authentication and redirection to InstaVote inbox page, you will be able to
     see the "Notiﬁcation for e-voting".

b. Select 'View' icon. E-voting page will appear.

c. Refer the Resolution description and cast your vote by selecting your desired option
     'Favour/ Against' (If you wish to view the entire Resolution details, click on the 'View
     Resolution' ﬁle link).

d. After selecting the desired option i.e. Favour/ Against, click on 'Submit'.

e. A conﬁrmation box will be displayed. If you wish to conﬁrm your vote, click on 'Yes', else to
     change your vote, click on 'No' and accordingly modify your vote.

NOTE: Shareholders may click on "Vote as per Proxy Advisor's Recommendation" option and
view proxy advisor recommendations for each resolution before casting vote. "Vote as per Proxy
Advisor's Recommendation" option provides access to expert insights during the e-Voting
process. Shareholders may modify their vote before final submission.

Once you cast your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify or change it
subsequently.

Non- Individual Body corporate shareholders shall send a scanned copy of the board resolution
authorising its representative to vote, to the scrutinizer at registered email address with a copy
marked to RTA at enotices@in.mpms.mufg.com and the company at registered email address.

Guidelines for Institutional shareholders ("Custodian/ Corporate Body/ Mutual Fund")

STEP 1 - Custodian/ Corporate Body/ Mutual Fund Registration

a. Visit URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in

b. Click on "Sign Up" under "Custodian/ Corporate Body/ Mutual Fund"

c. Fill up your entity details and submit the form.

d. A declaration form and organization ID is generated and sent to the Primary contact person
     email ID (which is ﬁlled at the time of sign up). The said form is to be signed by the
     Authorised Signatory, Director, Company Secretary of the entity & stamped and sent to
     insta.vote@linkintime.co.in.

e. Thereafter, Login credentials (User ID; Organization ID; Password) is sent to Primary contact
     person's email ID. (You have now registered on Insta-Vote)

[page 14]
STEP 2 - Investor Mapping
a. Visit URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in and login with Insta-Vote Login credentials.
b. Click on "Investor Mapping" tab under the Menu Section

c. Map the Investor with the following details:
      i. 'Investor ID' - Investor ID for NSDL demat account is 8 Character DP ID followed by
         8 Digit Client ID i.e., IN00000012345678; Investor ID for CDSL demat account is 16
         Digit Beneﬁciary ID.
     ii. 'Investor's Name - Enter Investor's Name as updated with DP

    iii. 'Investor PAN' - Enter your 10-digit PAN.

    iv. 'Power of Attorney' - Attach Board resolution or Power of Attorney.

     NOTE: File Name for the Board resolution/ Power of Attorney shall be - DP ID and Client ID
     or 16 Digit Beneficiary ID.

     Further Custodians and Mutual Funds shall also upload specimen signatures.

d. Click on Submit button. (The investor is now mapped with the Custodian/ Corporate Body/
     Mutual Fund Entity). The same can be viewed under the "Report Section".

STEP 3 - Steps to cast vote for Resolutions through InstaVote
The corporate shareholder can vote by two methods, during the remote e-voting period.

METHOD-1: VOTES ENTRY
 a. Visit URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in and login with InstaVote Login credentials.

 b. Click on "Votes Entry" tab under the Menu section.
 c. Enter the "Event No." for which you want to cast vote.

     Event No. can be viewed on the home page of Insta Vote under "On-going Events".

 d. Enter "16-digit De-mat Account No.".

 e. Refer the Resolution description and cast your vote by selecting your desired option 'Favour/
     Against' (If you wish to view the entire Resolution details, click on the 'View Resolution' ﬁle
     link). After selecting the desired option i.e. Favour/ Against, click on 'Submit'.

 f. A conﬁrmation box will be displayed. If you wish to conﬁrm your vote, click on 'Yes', else to
     change your vote, click on 'No' and accordingly modify your vote.
     (Once you cast your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify or change it
     subsequently).

METHOD-2: VOTES UPLOAD
 a. Visit URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in and login with Insta-Vote Login credentials.
 b. After successful login, you will see "Notiﬁcation fore-voting".

 c. Select "View" icon for "Company's Name/ Event number".

 d. E-voting page will appear.

[page 15]
 e. Download sample vote ﬁle from "Download Sample Vote File" tab.

 f. Cast your vote by selecting your desired option 'Favour/ Against' in the sample vote ﬁle and
     upload the same under "Upload Vote File" option.

 g. Click on 'Submit'. 'Data uploaded successfully' message will be displayed.
     (Once you cast your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify or change it
     subsequently).

NOTE: Non- Individual Body corporate shareholders shall send a scanned copy of the board
resolution authorizing its representative to vote, to the scrutinizer at registered email address with
a copy marked to RTA at enotices@in.mpms.mufg.com and the company at registered email
address.

Helpdesk:

Shareholders holding securities in physical mode/ Non-Individual Shareholders holding
securities in demat mode:

Shareholders holding securities in physical mode/ Non-Individual Shareholders holding
securities in demat mode facing any technical issue in login may contact INSTAVOTE helpdesk
by sending a request at enotices@in.mpms.mufg.com or contact on:- Tel: 022- 4918 6000.

Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode:

Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode may contact the respective
helpdesk for any technical issues related to login through Depository i.e., NSDL and CDSL.

Login Type                       Helpdesk Details

Individual shareholders holding  Members facing any technical issue in login can
securities in demat mode with    contact NSDL helpdesk by sending request at
NSDL                             evoting@nsdl.co.in or call at: 022 - 4886 7000

Individual shareholders holding  Members facing any technical issue in login can
securities in demat mode with    contact CSDL helpdesk by sending request at
CSDL                             helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or call at toll free
                                 no. 1800-21-09911

Forgot Password:

Individual Shareholders holding securities in physical mode / Non-Individual
Shareholders holding securities in demat mode:

Individual Shareholders holding securities in physical mode/ Non-Individual Shareholders
holding securities in demat mode have forgotten the USER ID [Login ID] or Password or both
then the shareholder can use the "Forgot Password" option available on:
https://instavote.linkintime.co.in

 • Click on "Login" under 'SHARE HOLDER' tab.
 • Click "forgot password?"
 • Enter User ID, select Mode and

     Enter Image Veriﬁcation code (CAPTCHA).
 • Click on "SUBMIT".

[page 16]
In case Custodian / Corporate Body/ Mutual Fund has forgotten the USER ID [Login ID] or
Password or both then the shareholder can use the "Forgot Password" option available on:
https://instavote.linkintime.co.in

 • Click on “Login” under "Custodian/ Corporate Body/ Mutual Fund" tab
 • Click "forgot password?"
 • Enter User ID, Organization ID and Enter Image Veriﬁcation code (CAPTCHA).
 • Click on "SUBMIT".

In case shareholders have a valid email address, Password will be sent to his/her registered
e-mail address. Shareholders can set the password of his/her choice by providing information
about the particulars of the Security Question and Answer, PAN, DOB/DOI etc. The password
should contain a minimum of 8 characters, at least one special character (! #$&*), at least
one numeral, at least one alphabet and at least one capital letter.

Individual Shareholders holding securities in de-mat mode with NSDL/ CDSL has forgotten
the password:

Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode have forgotten the USER ID [Login
ID] or Password or both, then the Shareholders are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget
Password option available at above mentioned depository/ depository participants website.

General Instructions – Shareholders

 a. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take
     utmost care to keep your password conﬁdential.

 b. For shareholders/ members holding shares in physical form, the details can be used
     only for voting on the resolutions contained in this Notice.

 c. During the voting period, shareholders/ members can login any number of time till they
     have voted on the resolution(s) for a particular "Event".

.                                              CIN: L72900KA2008PLC060368
                                               Email ID: companysecretary@emudhra.com
       By the order of the Board of Directors  Website: www.emudhra.com
       For eMudhra Limited                     Tel: +91 8048484001

Johnson Xavier                                 Registered Office: 12-P1-A & P1-B, Hi Tech-
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer         Defence and Aerospace Park (IT sector), Jala-
Membership No.: A28304                         Hobli, B.K. Palya, Bengaluru-562149

Date: February 09, 2026

[page 17]
 EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013

Item No.1

Re-appointment of Mr. Venkatraman Srinivasan (DIN:00640646) as Executive Chairman of the
Company, who is attaining the age of 70 years on May 26, 2026:

The Board of Directors, based on the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration
Committee (“NRC”), at its meeting held on February 02, 2026, approved the continuation of
Mr. V Srinivasan (DIN:00640646) as Executive Chairman of the company beyond the age of 70 years
and re-appointment as an Executive Chairman of the Company for a period of five years commencing
from May 26, 2026, subject to the approval of shareholders by way of a special resolution through
Postal Ballot.

Mr. Venkatraman Srinivasan (DIN: 00640646), Promoter, was appointed as a Chairman of the Company
on June 16, 2008. He was appointed as an Executive Chairman for period of 5 years commencing from
November 03, 2021, up to November 02, 2026. He has been instrumental in contributing to the growth
and development of the Company since its incorporation.

Mr. Venkatraman Srinivasan has over 40 years of experience in senior positions in financial services
and IT industry. Having travelled widely around the world, he has a deep understanding of global
business issues.

Mr. Venkatraman Srinivasan combines a comprehensive mix of academic qualifications and
professional experience. He is a graduate in Mathematics from Madras University and secured the First
Rank in the university. Apart from being a rank holder in the Chartered Accountancy examination, he
is also a qualified Cost and Works accountant and a Company Secretary. He had also attended the
Executive Development Programme at the Kellogg School of Management in Chicago, USA.

Mr. Srinivasan had also authored a book titled "New Age Management Philosophy from Ancient Indian
Wisdom" based on his learning from the Thirukural, a 2000-year-old Indian poetry. Mr. Srinivasan was
also a guest speaker in various reputed management schools.

Mr. Venkatraman Srinivasan was Chairman of Asia PKI Consortium and a Board Member at the
European Cloud Signature Consortium bodies which propose and are instrumental in setting standards
around the usage and adoption of digital signatures in several countries.

Mr. Venkatraman Srinivasan is eligible for the re-appointment as an Executive Chairman under the
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and rules made thereunder. In terms of Section 152 of the
Companies Act, 2013, Mr. Venkatraman Srinivasan has consented to act as the Executive Chairman of
the Company, if so appointed. Requisite notice as per Section 160 of the Companies Act, 2013 is
received from a member proposing the appointment of Mr. Venkatraman Srinivasan as the Executive
Chairman.

The terms and conditions regarding the appointment and remuneration are mentioned below:
a. Term:

    i.5 years commencing from May 26, 2026 to May 25, 2031

    ii.His current term of employment which is valid up to November 02, 2026 will end on May 25, 2026

b. Remuneration: Mr. Venkatraman Srinivasan will draw a remuneration of Re. 1 per year as proposed
    by him.

[page 18]
c. Allowance & Perquisites: Accommodation, conveyance, transportation will be provided by the
   company. He will be eligible for communication expenses, medical insurance for him and his family,
   leave and leave travel passage, for him and his spouse, Personal Accident Insurance and Group Term
   Insurance Coverage, reimbursement of expenses incurred by him for the purpose of the business of
   the Company and such other beneﬁts, amenities and perquisites as the Board of Directors of the
   Company may determine from time to time.

The Board and/ or the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Company be and is hereby
authorized to alter, vary and modify the said terms of appointment and/ or remuneration payable to
him, including the monetary value thereof, as per applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013
and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 or any statutory
modification, clarifications or re-enactment thereof from time to time.

The Board in view of the Company’s best interest recommends the Special Resolution set out at Item
No. 1 of the Notice for approval of the Members. Mr. Venkatraman Srinivasan, being appointee and
his relatives are deemed to be interested in the said resolution.

Except Mr. Venkatraman Srinivasan, none of the other Directors of the Company are in any way,
concerned or interested, financially or otherwise in the resolution set out at Item No. 1 of the Notice.

Except Mr. Venkatraman Srinivasan, Kaushik Srinivasan and Arvind Srinivasan none of the Key
Managerial Personnel are in any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise in the
resolution set out at Item No. 1 of the Notice.

Mr. Venkatraman Srinivasan is father of Mr. Kaushik Srinivasan and Mr. Arvind Srinivasan, Executive
Vice Presidents of the Company

Item No. 2

Appointment of Mr. Kaushik Srinivasan (DIN: 02634925) as a Whole-Time Director:

The Board of Directors of the Company, based on the recommendation of the Nomination and
Remuneration Committee (“NRC”), at its meeting held on February 02, 2026, recommends the
appointment of Mr. Kaushik Srinivasan (DIN: 02634925) as a Whole-time Director of the company for
a period of 5 (five) years, with effect from April 01, 2026, on the terms and conditions including
remuneration as recommended by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board,
subject to the approval of shareholders by way of a special resolution through Postal Ballot.

Mr. Kaushik Srinivasan, who is part of Promoter Group, joined eMudhra in 2015 as a head of the
Technology Solutions Group. Currently as EVP of the Company, he leads product innovation and
development, engineering, and professional services for the company’s identity, authentication, and
eSignature solutions. Currently, apart from heading Technology Solutions Group, he also takes care of
India geography sales. Prior to eMudhra, he worked in the U.S. financial sector—first with UBS Wealth
Management and then at Trafelet Delta Funds (a hedge fund) as a Quantitative Analyst. Kaushik holds
a Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Engineering and a Master’s Degree in Computer Engineering with a
focus on Networking from Stevens Institute of Technology, New Jersey, U.S.A. He is a CFA Charter-
holder and member of the CFA Institute. Kaushik is also a Business world 40 under 40 winner for 2024.

Mr. Kaushik Srinivasan is neither disqualified from being appointed as a Director in terms of Section
164(2) of the Act, nor debarred from holding the office of director by virtue of any SEBI order or any
other such authority and has given all the necessary declarations and confirmation including his
consent to be appointed on the Board of the Company.

[page 19]
The terms and conditions regarding the appointment and remuneration are mentioned below:

a. Term: 5 years commencing from April 01, 2026 to March 31, 2031

b. Remuneration: The aggregate of salary, ﬁxed allowances and bonus/performance linked
     incentives payable to Mr. Kaushik Srinivasan shall be in the range of Rs. 75,00,000/- to Rs.
     2,00,00,000/- per annum.

c. Allowance & Perquisites: Accommodation, conveyance, transportation will be provided by the
     company. He will be eligible for communication expenses, medical insurance for him and his
     family, leave and leave travel passage, for him, his spouse and children, Personal Accident
     Insurance and Group Term Insurance Coverage, he shall be entitled to contribution to the
     Company’s Provident Fund Scheme in accordance with the rules of the Scheme, he shall be
     entitled to Gratuity as per the rules of the Company, reimbursement of expenses incurred by him
     for the purpose of the business of the Company and such other beneﬁts, amenities and perquisites
     as the Board of Directors of the Company may determine from time to time.

The Board and/ or the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Company be and is hereby
authorized to alter, vary and modify the said terms of appointment and/ or remuneration payable to
him, including the monetary value thereof, as per applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013
and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 or any statutory
modification, clarifications or re-enactment thereof from time to time.

The Board in view of the Company’s best interest recommends the Special Resolution set out at Item
No. 2 of the Notice for approval of the Members. Mr. Kaushik Srinivasan, being appointee and his
relatives are deemed to be interested in the said resolution.

Except Mr. Venkatraman Srinivasan, none of the other Directors of the Company are in any way,
concerned or interested, financially or otherwise in the resolution set out at Item No. 2 of the Notice.

Except Mr. Kaushik Srinivasan, Mr. Venkatraman Srinivasan and Mr. Arvind Srinivasan none of the Key
Managerial Personnel are in any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise in the
resolution set out at Item No. 2 of the Notice.

Mr. Venkatraman Srinivasan, Executive Chairman is father of Mr. Kaushik Srinivasan and Mr. Arvind
Srinivasan, EVP of the Company is brother of Kaushik Srinivasan.

Item No. 3

Appointment of Mr. Arvind Srinivasan (DIN: 02547313) as a Director:

The Board of Directors of the Company, based on the recommendation of the Nomination and
Remuneration Committee (“NRC”), at its meeting held on February 02, 2026, recommends the
appointment of Mr. Arvind Srinivasan (DIN: 02547313) as a Director of the Company, with effect from
April 01, 2026, who is liable to retire by rotation, subject to the approval of shareholders.

Arvind Srinivasan is the EVP, International Markets at eMudhra. He holds a master’s degree in finance
from the University of Michigan and an MBA from Saïd Business School, University of Oxford (UK).
Arvind began his career at Barclays Capital, where he worked in the Treasury function before moving
to the Commodities desk in New York, gaining extensive exposure to global financial markets. He is
currently based in Dubai, from where he oversees eMudhra’s international business.

[page 20]
In his role at eMudhra, Arvind has been instrumental in leading the company’s expansion beyond India
and established its presence across more than 40 countries spanning five continents, including North
America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and the Far East. Over the past seven years, he has built the
systems, structures, and operating mechanisms required for sustained global scale and has
consistently driven strong growth & momentum for the Global Markets business. He works closely
with governments, regulators, financial institutions, and large enterprises to deploy trusted digital
identity, PKI, and electronic signature solutions across diverse regulatory and commercial
environments.

Mr. Arvind Srinivasan is neither disqualified from being appointed as a Director in terms of Section
164(2) of the Act, nor debarred from holding the office of director by virtue of any SEBI order or any
other such authority and has given all the necessary declarations and confirmation including his
consent to be appointed on the Board of the Company. He will be entitled to the sitting fee paid for the
Board and Committee Meetings.

He is a Director in the Company’s Wholly-Owned Subsidiary in Dubai and draws his remuneration from
the Dubai subsidiary viz. eMudhra DMCC as he is based in Dubai and looking after international
business. He is also a Director in some of the other foreign subsidiaries of eMudhra Limited where he
does not draw any remuneration. His current remuneration is AED 40,000 per month (INR 9,98,508
per month) drawn from eMudhra DMCC and he is also eligible for other allowances and perquisites
given for senior executives in international markets. His salary, other allowances and perquisites will
be decided by Nomination and Remuneration Committee from time to time.

The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set out at Item No. 3 of the Notice for approval of the
Members. Mr. Arvind Srinivasan, being appointee and his relatives are deemed to be interested in the
said resolution.

Except Mr. Venkatraman Srinivasan, none of the other Directors of the Company are in any way,
concerned or interested, financially or otherwise in the resolution set out at Item No. 3 of the Notice.

Except Mr. Arvind Srinivasan, Mr. Venkatraman Srinivasan and Mr. Kaushik Srinivasan none of the Key
Managerial Personnel are in any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise in the
resolution set out at Item No.3 of the Notice.

Mr. Venkatraman Srinivasan, Executive Chairman is father of Mr. Arvind Srinivasan and Mr. Kaushik
Srinivasan, EVP is brother of Mr. Arvind Srinivasan.

[page 21]
                       DETAILS OF DIRECTOR SEEKING RE- APPOINTMENT
Pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI Listing Regulations and Secretarial Standard-2 on

                                           General Meetings)

Name of the Director                    Mr. Venkatraman Srinivasan
DIN
Date of Birth                           00640646
Age
Date of first appointment on the Board  May 26, 1956
Qualification
                                        69 years
Experience
Nature of expertise in specific         16.06.2008
functional areas
                                        Mr. Venkatraman Srinivasan has a bachelor's degree of
Terms and conditions of appointment     science in mathematics from the University of Madras. He
Details of remuneration last drawn      is an associate member of the Institute of Chartered
                                        Accountants of India and Institute of Cost and Works
                                        Accountants of India. He is a qualified company secretary
                                        from the Institute of Company Secretaries of India. He did
                                        Executive Development Programme at Kellogg Graduate
                                        School of Management.
                                        Over 40 years

                                        Mr. Venkatraman Srinivasan (DIN: 00640646), Promoter,
                                        was appointed as a Chairman of the Company on June 16
                                        2008. He was appointed as an Executive Chairman for
                                        period of 5 years commencing from November 03, 2021 up
                                        to November 02, 2026. He has been instrumental in
                                        contributing to the growth and development of the
                                        Company since its incorporation.

                                        Mr. Venkatraman Srinivasan has over 40 years of
                                        experience in senior positions in Financial services and IT
                                        industry. Having travelled widely around the world, he has
                                        a deep understanding of global business issues.

                                        Mr. Srinivasan had also authored a book titled "New Age
                                        Management Philosophy from Ancient Indian Wisdom"
                                        based on his learning from the Thirukural, a 2000-year-old
                                        Indian poetry. Mr. Srinivasan was also a guest speaker in
                                        various reputed management schools.

                                        Mr. Venkatraman Srinivasan was Chairman of Asia PKI
                                        Consortium and a Board Member at the European Cloud
                                        Signature Consortium bodies which propose and are
                                        instrumental in setting standards around the usage and
                                        adoption of digital signatures in several countries.
                                        Continuation as the Executive Chairman of the Company
                                        after attaining the age of 70 years and re-appointment for
                                        another term of 5 years.
                                        In the Extra-Ordinary General meeting held on November
                                        05, 2021 the following remuneration was approved for Mr.
                                        Venkatraman Srinivasan:

                                         a. Term: 5 years commencing from November 03, 2021
                                             to November 02, 2026

[page 22]
Details of remuneration sought to be  b. Remuneration: Mr. Venkatraman Srinivasan will not
paid                                       draw any remuneration from the Company but
                                           continue to receive remuneration from eMudhra
Directorships in other listed              DMCC, Dubai, a wholly owned subsidiary of the
Companies (excluding foreign               company, within the range AED 20,000 to AED 40,000
companies)                                 per month
Membership/ Chairpersonship of
Committees in other listed companies  c. Allowance & Perquisites: Accommodation and
(excluding foreign companies)              transportation will be provided by the company. He
                                           will be eligible for other beneﬁts, if any provided to the
                                           Key Managerial personnel of the company. He will also
                                           be eligible for reimbursement of travel and out of
                                           pocket expenses in respect of oﬃcial duties.

                                      While Mr. V Srinivasan was drawing a salary of AED 20000
                                      per month (INR 4,99,254 per month) up to ﬁnancial year
                                      2023. After that he has not been drawing any salary.

                                      a. Remuneration:
                                           Mr. Venkatraman Srinivasan will draw a remuneration
                                           of Re. 1 per year as proposed by him.

                                      b. Allowance & Perquisites:
                                           Accommodation, conveyance, transportation will be
                                           provided by the company. He will be eligible for
                                           communication expenses, medical insurance for him
                                           and his family, leave and leave travel passage, for him
                                           and his spouse, Personal Accident Insurance and
                                           Group Term Insurance Coverage, reimbursement of
                                           expenses incurred by him for the purpose of the
                                           business of the Company and such other beneﬁts,
                                           amenities and perquisites as the Board of Directors of
                                           the Company may determine from time to time.

                                      The Board and/ or the Nomination and Remuneration
                                      Committee of the Company be and is hereby authorized to
                                      alter, vary and modify the said terms of appointment and/
                                      or remuneration payable to him, including the monetary
                                      value thereof, as per applicable provisions of the
                                      Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI (Listing Obligations and
                                      Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 or any
                                      statutory modification, clarification or re-enactment
                                      thereof from time to time.

                                      Nil

                                      Nil

[page 23]
Listed entities from which the              Nil
Director has resigned from
Directorship in last 3 (three) years        4
No. of Board Meetings attended
during 2025-26 (up to the date of this      Mr. Venkatraman Srinivasan is father of Mr. Kaushik
Notice)                                     Srinivasan and Mr. Arvind Srinivasan, Executive Vice
lnter-se relationship with other            Presidents of the Company who are proposed to be
Directors and Key Managerial                appointed as Directors of the company through this postal
Personnel of the Company                    ballot.

No. of shares held (as on the date of this  1,43,72,543
Notice):
(a) Own

(b) For other persons on a beneficial
basis

                         DETAILS OF DIRECTOR SEEKING APPOINTMENT
Pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI Listing Regulations and Secretarial Standard-2 on

                                           General Meetings)

Name of the Director                        Mr. Kaushik Srinivasan
DIN                                         02634925

[page 24]
Date of Birth                           January 22, 1985
Age
Date of first appointment on the Board  41 years
Qualification
                                        Proposed to be appointed w.e.f. April 01, 2026
Experience
Nature of expertise in specific         Mr. Kaushik Srinivasan holds a Bachelor’s in Computer
functional areas                        Engineering a Master’s in Computer Engineering with a
                                        focus on Networking from Stevens Institute of
Terms and conditions of appointment     Technology, NJ, U.S.A He is a CFA charter holder and
                                        member of the CFA Institute

                                        Over 15 years

                                        Mr. Kaushik Srinivasan has been working with
                                        eMudhra Limited from 2015. Mr. Kaushik Srinivasan as
                                        EVP currently leads product innovation and
                                        development, engineering, and professional services
                                        for the company’s identity, authentication,
                                        Certification Authority and eSignature solutions. He is
                                        also taking care of the sales function for the Indian
                                        market. Prior to eMudhra, he worked in the U.S.
                                        financial sector—first with UBS Wealth Management
                                        and then at Trafelet Delta Funds (a hedge fund) as a
                                        Quantitative Analyst. Kaushik is also a Business world
                                        40 under 40 winner for 2024.
                                        a. Term: 5 years commencing from April 01, 2026 to

                                             March 31, 2031

                                        b. Remuneration: The aggregate of salary, ﬁxed
                                             allowances and bonus/performance linked
                                             incentives payable to Mr. Kaushik Srinivasan shall
                                             be in the range of Rs. 75,00,000/- to Rs.
                                             2,00,00,000/- per annum.

                                        c. Allowance & Perquisites: Accommodation,
                                             conveyance, transportation will be provided by
                                             the company. He will be eligible for
                                             communication expenses, medical insurance for
                                             him and his family, leave and leave travel passage,
                                             for him, his spouse and children, Personal
                                             Accident Insurance and Group Term Insurance
                                             Coverage, he shall be entitled to contribution to
                                             the Company’s Provident Fund Scheme in
                                             accordance with the rules of the Scheme, he shall
                                             be entitled to Gratuity as per the rules of the
                                             Company, reimbursement of expenses incurred
                                             by him for the purpose of the business of the
                                             Company and such other beneﬁts, amenities and
                                             perquisites as the Board of Directors of the
                                             Company may determine from time to time.

                                         The Board and/ or the Nomination and Remuneration
                                         Committee of the Company be and is hereby
                                         authorized to alter, vary and modify the said terms of
                                         appointment and/ or remuneration payable to him,

[page 25]
Details of remuneration last drawn     including the monetary value thereof, as per
                                       applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and
Details of remuneration sought to be   SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
paid                                   Requirements) Regulations 2015 or any statutory
                                       modification, clarifications or re-enactment thereof
                                       from time to time.
                                       In the Nomination and Remuneration Committee
                                       Meeting held on April 29, 2024, the following
                                       remuneration was approved for the financial year
                                       2024-2025:

                                       Salary of AED 36,300 per month (INR 9,06,146 per
                                       month) to be paid from eMudhra DMCC (a wholly
                                       owned subsidiary of the company) plus variable pay
                                       and other perquisites in line with other senior
                                       executives employed in eMudhra DMCC

                                       However, while he drew remuneration upto March
                                       2024, he did not draw any remuneration from April
                                       2024 to till date.

                                      a. Term: 5 years commencing from April 01, 2026 to
                                           March 31, 2031

                                      b. Remuneration: The aggregate of salary, ﬁxed
                                           allowances and bonus/performance linked
                                           incentives payable to Mr. Kaushik Srinivasan shall
                                           be in the range of Rs. 75,00,000/- to Rs.
                                           2,00,00,000/- per annum.

                                      c. Allowance & Perquisites: Accommodation,
                                           conveyance, transportation will be provided by
                                           the company. He will be eligible for
                                           communication expenses, medical insurance for
                                           him and his family, leave and leave travel passage,
                                           for him, his spouse and children, Personal
                                           Accident Insurance and Group Term Insurance
                                           Coverage, he shall be entitled to contribution to
                                           the Company’s Provident Fund Scheme in
                                           accordance with the rules of the Scheme, he shall
                                           be entitled to Gratuity as per the rules of the
                                           Company, reimbursement of expenses incurred
                                           by him for the purpose of the business of the
                                           Company and such other beneﬁts, amenities and
                                           perquisites as the Board of Directors of the
                                           Company may determine from time to time.

                                      The Board and/ or the Nomination and Remuneration
                                      Committee of the Company be and is hereby
                                      authorized to alter, vary and modify the said terms of
                                      appointment and/ or remuneration payable to him,
                                      including the monetary value thereof, as per applicable
                                      provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI (Listing

[page 26]
Directorships in other listed               Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations
                                            2015 or any statutory modification, clarifications or re-
Companies (excluding foreign                enactment thereof from time to time.
                                            Nil
companies)
                                            Nil
Membership/           Chairpersonship
                                            None
of Committees in other listed companies
                                            Not applicable
(excluding foreign companies)
                                            Mr. Venkatraman Srinivasan, Executive Chairman is his
Listed entities from which the              father and Mr. Arvind Srinivasan, EVP of the Company,
                                            who is proposed to be appointed as director through
Director has resigned from                  postal ballot, is his brother.

Directorship in last 3 (three) years        9,25,880
                                            Nil
No. of Board Meetings attended

during 2025-26 (upto the date of this

Notice)

lnter-se relationship with other

Directors and Key Managerial

Personnel of the Company

No. of shares held (as on the date of this
Notice):
(a) Own

(b) For other persons on a beneficial
basis

                           DETAILS OF DIRECTOR SEEKING APPOINTMENT
(Pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI Listing Regulations and Secretarial Standard-2 on

                                           General Meetings)

Name of the Director                        Mr. Arvind Srinivasan

[page 27]
DIN                                     02547313
Date of Birth
Age                                     August 22, 1988
Date of first appointment on the Board
Qualification                           37 years
                                        Proposed to be appointed w.e.f. April 01, 2026
Experience
Nature of expertise in specific         Mr. Arvind Srinivasan holds a Master’s degree in finance
functional areas                        from the University of Michigan and an MBA from Saïd
                                        Business School, University of Oxford (UK).
Terms and conditions of appointment
Details of remuneration last drawn      Over 15 years

Details of remuneration sought to be    Mr. Arvind Srinivasan has been working in eMudhra DMCC,
paid                                    Dubai since 2017 overseeing the international markets for
                                        eMudhra’s products and services. In his role as EVP at
Directorships  in other    listed       eMudhra, Arvind has been instrumental in leading the
Companies      (excluding     foreign   company’s expansion beyond India in international
companies)                              markets and establishing its presence across more than 40
                                        countries spanning five continents, including North
                                        America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and the Far East.
                                        Over the past seven years, he has built the systems,
                                        structures, and operating mechanisms required for
                                        sustained global scale and has consistently driven strong
                                        growth & momentum for the Global Markets business. He
                                        works closely with governments, regulators, financial
                                        institutions, and large enterprises to deploy trusted digital
                                        identity, PKI, and electronic signature solutions across
                                        diverse regulatory and commercial environments. Arvind
                                        began his career at Barclays Capital, where he worked in
                                        the Treasury function before moving to the Commodities
                                        desk in New York, gaining extensive exposure to global
                                        financial markets.
                                        Appointment as Director of the company, with effect from
                                        April 01, 2026
                                        In the Nomination and Remuneration Committee Meeting
                                        held on May 06, 2025, the following remuneration was
                                        approved for the financial year 2025-2026:

                                        Salary of AED 40,000 per month (INR 9,98,508 per month)
                                        to be paid from eMudhra DMCC (a wholly owned
                                        subsidiary of the company) plus variable pay and other
                                        perquisites in line with other senior executives employed
                                        in eMudhra DMCC. He is currently drawing this salary.

                                        He will continue to receive salary from eMudhra DMCC as
                                        EVP.
                                        For his role as Director of the Company, he will be eligible
                                        for sitting fee as paid to other non-executive directors.

                                        Nil

[page 28]
Membership/Chairpersonship            of    Nil

Committees in other listed companies        None

(excluding foreign companies)               Not applicable.

Listed entities from which the              Mr. Venkatraman Srinivasan, Executive Chairman is his father
                                            and Mr. Kaushik Srinivasan, EVP of the Company, who is
Director has resigned from                  proposed to be appointed as whole-time director through
                                            postal ballot, is his brother.
Directorship in last 3 (three) years
                                            31,54,646
No. of Board Meetings attended              Nil

during 2025-26 (up to the date of this

Notice)

lnter-se relationship with other

Directors and Key Managerial

Personnel of the Company

No. of shares held (as on the date of this
Notice):
(a) Own

(b) For other persons on a beneficial
basis

