
===== PAGE 1 of 27 =====
 
AIRFLOA RAIL TECHNOLOGY LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Airflow Equipments India Pvt Ltd) 
 
 
                        Date: June 8, 2026 
                        
                        To,  
  
                        Department of Corporate Services,  
                        BSE Limited  
                        Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
                        Dalal Street,  
                        Mumbai- 400001, 
 
Script Symbol: AIRFLOA  
Scrip Code: 544516 
 
Subject: Intimation under Regulation-30, 46 (2), SEBI (Listing obligation and Disclosures Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015-- Airfloa Rail Technology Limited 
 
                     Dear Sir / Madam,           
                     
Pursuant to Regulation -30, 46(2), enclosed herewith the Transcript of the Investors’ Conference call of our 
Company held on June 3, 2026  with regard to growth and profitability of our Company for the half year and 
year ended on March 31, 2026.  
 
Kindly acknowledge and take the same on records. 
 
For Airfloa Rail Technology Limited. 
 
 
 
 
Haraprasad Rout. 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer. 
Enclo: As above.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                                                                                                     
 
 
 
 
 
                                                 
No.9, Chelliamman Koll Street, Keelkatalai, Chennai  - 600117  
CIN No: L30204TN1998PLC041571, GST No: 33AACCA9641E1ZY 
                           Mobile:-9384870774, Website:-www.airfloa.com, airflow1998@hotmail.com 
 
• 
===== PAGE 2 of 27 =====
Page 1 of 26 
 
 
 
“Airfloa Rail Technology Limited 
H2 FY2026 & FY2026 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
June 3, 2026 
 
                 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: Mr. Venkatesan Dakshinamoorthy - MD 
Mr. Manikandan Dakshinamoorthy - JMD 
Mr. Venkatesan Sathishkumar - Director 
Mr. Jay Manikandan - Financial Advisor 
Mr. Haraprasad Rout - CS 
Mr. Ragavendran V - Finance Manager 
 
Moderator: Mr. Rutul Shah - Atlas Capital 
 

===== PAGE 3 of 27 =====
  Airfloa Rail Technology Limited 
June 3, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 26 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Airflo a Rail Technology Limited H2  
FY2026 and FY 2026 earnings conference call, hosted by Atlas Capital. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen -only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation con cludes. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I will now hand over the floor to Mr. Manikandan Dakshinamoorthy for his 
opening remarks, post which we will open the floor for Q&A. Thank you, and over to you, 
Sir! Mr. Manikandan, please go ahead with your opening remarks. 
M. Dakshinamoorthy: Thank you Sir. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today. I have with me 
Mr. Dakshinamoorthy Venkatesan, Managing Director , Mr. Venkatesan, Sat hishkumar, 
Whole Time Director , Mr. Jay  Mani, Financial Advisor , Mr. Haraprasad Ro ut, Company 
Secretary, Mr. Ragavendran, Finance Manager  and Mr. Rutul Shah from Atlas Capital , our 
investors relations advisor. I hope all of you have an opportunity to review our investor 
presentation and financial results, which have been uploaded on the Stock Exchange and the 
Company’s website. FY2 026 was an important year for Airflo a as we successfully 
delivered on the commitments and guidance we have outlined. For FY 2026, we reported 
revenue of Rs.319.6 Crores, representing growth of 66% over FY 2025. This growth was 
supported by strong project execution, higher capacity utilization and improved operational 
planning. More importantly, we achieved this while maintaining healthy profitability and 
continuing to strengthen the foundation of the business. 
 The second half of the year was particularly strong from an execution standpoint. As  it is 
typical in our business, project execution tends to be weighted towards the lat ter part of the 
year due to customer ordering and spending patterns supported by multi -shift operations 
and improved project planning, we were able to convert a large portion of our order books 
into revenues and deliver on our commitments. Beyond the financial performance, F Y2026 
also marked another step forward in the evolution of Airflo a business model. Over the last 
several years, we have been steadily transforming the Company from a component-focused 
railway supplier into an integrated engineering and manufacturing platform. Today, our 
capabilities extend beyond supplying individual products to execute complete interiors, 
assemblies, integrated code systems, and turnkey projects involving design, manufacturing, 
supply, installation, and commissioning. We believe this evolution is strategically important 
as it enables higher value addition, strengthen customer relationships, creates greater 
differentiation and supports long-term profitability. Railways continue to remain our largest 
growth driver during FY 2026. We continue to see a healthy opportunity landsc ape across 
Vande Bharat trains, Amrit Bharat trains, metro rail projects, EMUs, refurbishment 
programs and border modernization initiative across Indian railways. At the same time, our 
focus is also on increasing our presence in higher value products and integrated solutions , 
which we can contribute greater engineering content and create stronger customer 
===== PAGE 4 of 27 =====
  Airfloa Rail Technology Limited 
June 3, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 26 
engagement. Our metro business also continues to make progress during the year and 
remains an important long -term growth opportunity. With investment in urban mobility 
continuing across multiple cities, we believe metro rail and rapid transit systems will remain 
a meaningful area of opportunity for the Company. 
 Coming to the defence and aerospace, FY 2026 was a foundational year for Airfloa  while 
the contribution from this segment remains relatively small today, we made meaningful 
progress in strengthening the capabilities, building partnerships and evaluating 
opportunities across emerging diverse defence and aerospace applications. I am pleased to 
share that the proposed joint venture with Big Bang Boom Solution s is expected to be 
formally incorporated within the next two weeks. The objective of this partnership is to 
combine advanced technology capabilities with the Airfloa’s manufacturing and execution 
strength to participate in the next generation defence opportunities. We are also actively 
pursuing opportunities in aerospace simulation systems and training aircraft and remain 
optimistic about the medium -term potential of this segment. Supported by increasing 
indigenization efforts and broader Atmanirbhar Bharat initiative, we believe defence and 
aerospace can emerge as an important growth vertical over the long term. While we remain 
ambitious about growth, our approach continues to be guided by profitability and capital 
discipline. For the last few years, we have consciously moved away from the low -margin 
projects and adopted a selective bidding strategy process focused on opportunities that meet 
our internal return thresholds. We believe sustainable value creation comes from balancing 
growth with profitability and disciplined capital allocation. This approach became 
particularly relevant during FY 2026 as the industry witnessed significant inflation in key 
raw materials, particularly steel and alumin ium. While many contractors contain price 
variation cla uses, the increase in commodity prices was not fully offset through the 
contractual mechanism. Despite these headwinds, we maintained healthy profitability 
through disciplined project selection, cost optimization initiative, supplier negotiation, and 
improved execution. 
 On the order book front, we continued to maintain a strong visibility. As of May 2026, our 
unexecuted order books stood at approximately Rs.486.9 Crores providing healthy visibility 
for FY2027. In addition, we have an active bid pipeline of approximately Rs.1200 Crores 
across railways, metro systems, defence and aerospace opportunities. Historically, we have 
maintained a bid -win ratio of approximately 20 -25%, which gives us confidence regarding 
the future order inflows and support our growth outlook. We have also initiated the next 
phase of infrastructure expansion through the development of larger integrated 
manufacturing facilities. These investments are intended to support future growth, improve 
operating leverages, and strengthen our execution capabilities across our key business 
segments. Before I move on to financial performance , I would like to briefly address our 
earlier aspiration of achieving Rs.1,000 Crores in return revenue over the medium term. 
===== PAGE 5 of 27 =====
  Airfloa Rail Technology Limited 
June 3, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 26 
Over the last year, as mentioned earlier, the operating environment witnessed significant 
volatility in the commodity price alongside broader geopolitical uncertainties. While the 
opportunity landscape remained robust, we remained disciplined in our approach and chose 
not to pursue growth at the expense of profitability. In several instances, we requested 
customers to retender the project where the economics no longer met our return 
expectations. Consequently, the timeline towards Rs.1000 Crores revenue milestone may 
extend modestly. That said, our confidence in the long -term opportunity remains firmly 
intact. Demands across our key sector continues to remain strong. Our order pipeline 
remains healthy and we continue to see significant opportunities across railways, metro 
systems, defence and aerospace. Looking ahead, we are targeting a revenue of 
approximately Rs.500 Crores in FY 2027 while maintaining PAT margin in the range 
between 12% to 13%. Our confidence is supported by our existing order books of Rs.486.9 
Crores, strong execution visibility, ongoing capacity expansion, initiatives and a bid 
pipeline of Rs.1200 Crores. We believe the Company is well positioned to deliver another 
year of strong growth while maintaining its focus on profitability and capital discipline. We 
also remain optimistic about FY 2028 and beyond as several initiatives undertaken over the 
last few years begin to scale. Going forward, growth will continue to be driven through a 
combination of organic expansion and selective inorganic opportunities that are 
strategically aligned and value accretive. 
 Moving on to the financial performance, revenue for the year stood at Rs.319.6 Crores as 
compared to Rs.192.4 Crores in FY 2025, representing growth of 66% year -on-year. As 
highlighted earlier, project execution in our business is typically weighted towards the 
second half of the year due to ordering and spending patterns within railway projects. 
Accordingly, H2 FY2026 revenue stood at Rs.229.1 Crores compared to Rs.107.3 Crores in 
H2 FY2025, reflecting a growth of 114% year -on-year. For F Y2026, EBITDA stood at 
Rs.64.2 Crores, reflecting growth of 33% year -on-year with EBITDA margins of 20.1%. 
Profit after tax stood at Rs.39.1 Crores, representing growth of 52% year -on-year, while 
PAT margins stood at 12.2%. 
 Moving to operating expenses, the increase in other expenses during the year was primarily 
attributable to higher CSR expenditure, increased bill discounting  charges, and foreign 
exchange-related costs arising from procurement activities and commodity market 
volatility. On the financing side, finance costs declined during the year despite the 
significant increase in the scale of operations. This was driven by lower processing cost, 
repayment of select facilities, reduction in delayed payment charges, and proactive supplier 
management initiative. Our focus on profitable growth and disciplined capital allocation 
continues to reflect in our return ratios. For FY 2026, ROE stood at 22.4% while ROCE 
stood at approximately 24.9%. Turning to working capital, improved cash conversion 
remains one of our key priorities during FY 2026, r eceivable days improved by 24 days 
===== PAGE 6 of 27 =====
  Airfloa Rail Technology Limited 
June 3, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 26 
while inventory days improved by 48 days. Trade receivables stood at Rs.214 Crores as of 
March 31, 2026. However, it is important to note that a significant portion of the annual 
revenues were executed during March, resulting in elevated year -on-year receivables, year-
end receivables. Collections have remained encouraging post -year end approximately 20% 
of the receivables already being collected as of May end and we are expecting nearly 70% 
of our outstanding receivable to be collected by the end of June. Trade receivables declined 
modestly despite strong revenue growth during this year. This was primarily due to the 
advance payment made to certain suppliers to secure material availability and support 
uninterrupted execution during the peak project execution period. These advances are 
reflected under other current assets on the balance sheet. From the leverage perspective, the 
Company continues to maintain a healthy and disciplined capital structure. As of March 31, 
2026, our net debt to equity ratio remained comfortable at 0.2 times. Overall, we believe the 
Company remains well positioned to support future growth through healthy profitability, 
improved working capital efficiency, disciplined capital allocation, and a strong balance 
sheet. With that, we would now like to open the floor for question and answer. Thank you 
very much. 
Moderator: Thank you so much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-
answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question, may click on the raise hand icon 
from the participants tab on the screen. We request participants to restrict to two questions 
and then return to the queue if you have any more questions. We  will wait for the question 
queue to assemble, requesting participants to remain connected. Take our first question 
from Paras Chheda of Purpleone Vertex Ventures. Paras, please go ahead. 
Paras Chheda: Thank you, Sir, for this opportunity and congratulations for the strong set of results. Sir, my 
first question is related to working capital cash flows. As you mentioned that post the year, 
20% receivables have been collected and some 70% balance will be done by June end , so 
by end of the June, what receivables do we expect to be outstanding then and when do we 
expect our cash flow from operations to turn positive? So that  is the first working capital 
question. 
M Dakshinamoorthy: Well, as I said earlier, first of all, thank you so much for attending our discussion, basically 
and actually, as I said earlier, by this month end we will be receiving approximately around 
Rs.100 Crores to Rs.110 Crores, which will give us a very strong cash flow, number one. 
Number two, we are expecting this to reduce drastically  in the previous discussion also, I 
have highlighted the same thing. So , it will take at least three to six months to make it less 
than around 150, 160. So we are already working on it to make this working cycle around 
60 to 70 days instead of 90 -95 days and the receivable cycle also to reduce around 60 to 70 
days so that is our goal right now , we are working to achieve this hopefully we  will be 
achieving this in another maximum of three to four months. 
===== PAGE 7 of 27 =====
  Airfloa Rail Technology Limited 
June 3, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 26 
Paras Chheda: Understood Sir. Secondly, with regards to this Rs.500 Crores revenue guidance for FY2027 
and we have got this quite a strong order book of Rs.469 Crores, now, how much of this 
revenue guidance is already covered within the order book and how much do you expect 
from the future order wins?  what part will be done out of this existing order book and the 
balance from future order wins to achieve this Rs.500 Crores revenue? 
M Dakshinamoorthy: Sir, almost 70% to 75% is lying on this financial year and out of this Rs.1200 Crores order 
books, which we are now expecting, almost 30 % to 40% again is going to be executed in 
the current financial year , which means that we will be having a more demand of supplies 
for which we need to run faster to achieve this number what we have projected, which 
means that we have to supersede the number what we have actually now committed. 
Paras Chheda: Understood Sir. Thank you so much, Sir. I will come back in the queue. 
M Dakshinamoorthy: Thank you Sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. We  will move to our next participant. We have Krupashankar NJ of Avendus 
Spark. 
Krupashankar NJ: Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, my question is with regards to the order inflow 
momentum. So you had highlighted about the pipeline of close to Rs.1200 Crores and so 
could you just give more clarity with regards to segment wise, railways, defence, etc., from 
where are we seeing these opportunities and how do you look at this opportunity spanning 
out for the next couple of years? 
M Dakshinamoorthy: The bidding of Rs.1200 Crores is predominantly on the Indian railway sector , so o ut of 
Rs.1200 Crores, almost Rs.900 Crores is for the Indian railway sector, spreading towards 
the Atmanirbhar Bharat coach, Spark coach and then Kavach coach and then Vande Bharat , 
the sleeper coaches. So , these are the major chunk of business which we are now 
envisaging. Apart from this, metro segments are there. We are already holding almost Rs.70 
Crores of orders for metros right now and we are also expecting another Rs.120 Crores, 
which is there in that Rs.1200 Crores for the metro segment and as far as the defence is 
concerned, we are expecting an order of around Rs.60 Crores to Rs.70 Crores, which is 
predominantly from HAL, from the order books of Rs.1200 Crores. Apart from this, we are 
participating in various other defence projects, which is not being included in this Rs.1200 
Crores. The reason being is that since it is a first-time bidding happening in the defence 
side, we have not included in this Rs.1200 Crores. So, other than that, railways is 70%. 
Krupashankar NJ: Okay, got it, Sir. This is for the current pipeline you have highlighted. If you can just give 
more clarity with regards to how the next couple of years opportunity is going to be, that is 
===== PAGE 8 of 27 =====
  Airfloa Rail Technology Limited 
June 3, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 26 
number one and also you have also stated that there is a joint venture which has been 
created with Big Boom, so, could you just give more clarity with regards to what is that J V, 
how is that it is going to help us in the medium to long term? 
M Dakshinamoorthy: Sir, our major focus for the next three years is predominantly on three major Indian railway 
projects, namely Vande Bharat sleeper platform, Amrit Bharat turnkey contracts and 
Kolkata Metro turnkey contracts. These are the three major contracts which is going to 
come, which we are predominantly working on and which has got a very big chunk of 
business in the Indian railway segment. Apart from this, we have metro segments and also 
regional transportation segment , which recently been awarded to ICF from Karnataka 
government and very importantly we have a very major focus on the refurbishment of the 
coaches, which is a very big business , which is about to come in future. So these are the 
things as far as the railways are concerned. As far as the defence is concerned, we already 
highlighted that we are working on two projects, other projects are lining up, which I cannot 
disclose right now , b ut there are very lucrative projects which is coming on our way 
through the joint venture and technology transfer, which I  will be disclosing this on an 
appropriate time for the defence activities. So, when it comes to the Big Bang Boom 
Solutions, we already started getting the knowhow from the foreign companies as a 
consortium. Now, because of internal reasons, we were not able to do the joint venture in 
the last month. Before June 15, 2026, this joint venture is officially is getting incorporated. 
So another 10 to 12 days are there , so before June 15, 2026 this incorporation is happening 
Sir. 
Krupashankar NJ: The opportunity which can result from this joint venture? 
M Dakshinamoorthy: Predominantly on-air defence systems, basically. namely which we have already said that 
autonomous drones for the defence and the industrial applications and the high -power 
microwave laser systems. 
Krupashankar NJ: Got it. So just to conclude  for the next couple of years we are looking at somewhere about 
close to 20-25% kind of quarter inflow CAGR growth is that a conservative assumption? 
M Dakshinamoorthy: Yes, it is very conservative Sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. We are taking a next question from Dhaval Pandya of Areeza, India. Dhaval. 
Dhaval Pandya: Good morning and first of all, congratulations on a good set of numbers, sir. I had a couple 
of questions, but I will start with one. So how are we going to fund our growth as the things 
are such as operating cash flow are in negative and even free cash flow are in negative? Our 
working capital cycle is also large , so we will need funds to run this , if we are opting for 
===== PAGE 9 of 27 =====
  Airfloa Rail Technology Limited 
June 3, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 26 
debt, what is the debt we are looking to put on books for the stated growth guidance for 
next two years? 
M Dakshinamoorthy: Thank you for asking this question, Sir. Actually, we have tied up with two banks for a debt 
funding basically, because we are not going for any equity raise or whatever it is this year. 
We are having strong receivables right now and secondly, we are now going for a debt 
funding of approximately around Rs.120 Crores of which we have already got the sanction 
for Rs.60 Crores and another Rs.60 Crores we are going to get a sanction between 15 th and 
30th of this month so which means that in fact we have got the in -principle sanction also 
after due diligence so between 15 th and 30th of this month we are going to get another Rs.60 
Crores so by the end of this month we  will be having around Rs.120 Crores and with the 
strong receivables I am very sure that we will be achieving this particular number without 
any hassles. 
Dhaval Pandya: Sir, can you repeat the last sentence what you have said because there was some 
discrepancy and the word got muted. 
M Dakshinamoorthy: What I said was we have a very strong receivables, number two, we have already gone for a 
debt funding of Rs.120 Crores out of Rs.120 Crores we have already got the sanction for 
Rs.60 Crores, the bank procedures are going on for the disbursements of the funds and 
another Rs.60 Crores will be disbursed from another bank between 15 th and 30 th of this 
month. So, sanction will be around 15 th of this month, and the disbursement would be 
before the 30th of this month that is June 2026. So, we will be having another Rs.120 Crores 
of debt and the receivables are also going to come. With these two things, we will be in a 
position to achieve our target without any hassle. This is what I said Sir. 
Dhaval Pandya: Okay, thank you very much. And another one is, what is the overall R&D spend in FY 2026 
and what are the plans for R&D spend in coming years? 
M Dakshinamoorthy: Thank you so much for asking this question Sir because we have been doing this R&D 
activity in 2026 in a greater way. Previously it was around 4% , now, we feel that this can 
even go up to 8% to 9% this year because we are expecting a lot of new product 
development and the technology transfers to happen this year. So this will definitely be 
increased this year for the greater good of this Company Sir. 
Dhaval Pandya: I have still more question, but I will join back the queue. 
Moderator: Thank you, Dhaval. We are taking next question from Archit Agrawal of Steptrade Capital. 
===== PAGE 10 of 27 =====
  Airfloa Rail Technology Limited 
June 3, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 26 
Archit Agrawal: So, my question is about the EBITDA margin. EBITDA margin has declined sharply from 
25% to 20%. Can you elaborate like what factors contributed for this margin contraction? 
M Dakshinamoorthy: Yes, Sir. We have already highlighted in our call about the EBITDA margin, actually. So, 
there is a very steep increase of raw material price, which everybody knows, particularly 
during the second half, because of the war that has been happening, basically. So, there was 
an increase of raw material price, especially aluminium, because our major raw material is 
aluminium ingots, aluminium extrusions, aluminium sheets and coils. So there was a steep 
increase of more than 80% of price for aluminium and there was an increase of more than 
60% to 65% of the stainless steel price happened in the overall last one year basically year-
on-year comparison and we have clearly highlighted that our raw material plays more than 
60% of the composition of our product basically. So that has drastically disrupted our 
overall EBITDA margin. Even then we managed by lot of cost cutting method to 
compensate these particular losses  and we managed to have the PAT ma rgin of 12.2%. 
When you talk about the price variation clause, which is already incorporated in the contract 
that covers only to certain limit let  us say around some 60% or 50% of the overall losses . 
Rest of the 50% when it comes to the raw material price has to be incurred by us number 
one and number two apart from the raw material, another 30% to 35% of the composition of 
the overall assembly totally depends on the accessories, like the glasses, rubbers, 
composites, fasteners, and consumables, everything, this PVC coverage is not there , so we 
have to incur that particular losses, but we have very strategically managed this by blocking 
the price with the vendors, by giving an advance, by creating these LCs and BGs in terms of 
price blocking. So by this method, we have already managed these losses, not to an extent 
of 80% to 90%. We have restricted to 20 % to 25%, which is very great basically in my 
opinion. 
Archit Agrawal: Okay Sir. So, my next question is about the joint venture with Big Bang Boom. So, can we 
expect revenue in FY2027 from this joint venture? 
M Dakshinamoorthy: Sir, we are hopeful of getting the revenue from the Big Bang Boom this year , but as I told 
you already that this is a two-year program what we are doing with the Big Bang Boom. 
Meanwhile, there are certain good improvements happened with some other products also. 
As I said, we will be exposing this over a period of time. So, if something happens, then 
definitely this year we will have better revenue. Otherwise, definitely 2027 –2028 is going 
to be the good year , but we are expecting some revenue, but I cannot commit the numbers 
now but there is some revenue expected this year. 
Archit Agrawal: Okay and out of this total order book of Rs.469 Crores, can you give the bifurcation like? 
===== PAGE 11 of 27 =====
  Airfloa Rail Technology Limited 
June 3, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 26 
M Dakshinamoorthy: Yes. So, when it comes to the government and nongovernment, I would say around Rs.415 
Crores to Rs.420 Crores belongs to the government and as far as the nongovernment sector, 
it is around Rs.50 Crores to Rs.55 Crores. 
Archit Agrawal: Okay and do we have the… 
Moderator: Archit sorry to interrupt. If you have any follow up, please rejoin the queue. We have a few 
more investors. Thank you  Archit. We are taking the next question from Hitesh Sharma of 
Goldensands Investments. 
Hitesh Sharma: I am very happy to understand your business and the way the company has been doing. And 
I just wanted to know like which are, who are the main competitors to you and which can 
be the impediments to the growth? I expect really a very high growth segment for me this is 
the sector. 
M Dakshinamoorthy: Yes Sir, so our major competitor would be K ineco, Hindustan Fiberglass  Works, DTL 
Ancillaries and Vibgyor. These are all the major companies and out of that, down South, we 
have a company called Universal Engineers. So, these are all the companies who are 
competing with us, Sir. 
Hitesh Sharma: In the seating, there is a company from France or Spain, it has joined with Tata, is it your 
competitor? 
M Dakshinamoorthy: Obviously, for seating segment alone, we have two competitors. One is Tata and the other 
one is a Korean company. The Spanish company, what you are highlighting, French and 
Spanish company is Fainsa. It is a company tied up with Tata. They are our competitors. 
Yes, Tata is our competitor for seating segment, for sure. There are another two 
competitors, one from Mumbai and one from a Korean company in Bengaluru. 
Hitesh Sharma: Okay, I will be in touch with you separately as well. I am adding a company which is 
making seats. 
M Dakshinamoorthy: Wonderful, Thank you so much for your support, Sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. We have Sahil Garg of CCV Emerging Opportunities. Sahil, please go ahead. 
Sahil Garg: Good morning, sir, you have earlier mentioned that you are looking to raise Rs.120 odd 
Crores debt in this financial year. May I know what rate of interest the debt will be? 
M Dakshinamoorthy: The interest on debt is 8.25%, Sir. 
===== PAGE 12 of 27 =====
  Airfloa Rail Technology Limited 
June 3, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 26 
Sahil Garg: 8.25%. Okay so that means additional interest liability of Rs.10 odd Crores plus you have 
mentioned that you are looking to increase the R&D expense closer to 8% to 9% this year 
right? 
M Dakshinamoorthy: Yes. 
Sahil Garg: So that is again like close to Rs.40 Crores to Rs.45 odd Crores that means a total additional 
cost burden of Rs. 55 Crores to Rs.60 odd Crores in this year so are you still sure like 
confident to achieve the 12 % to 13% PAT margin in FY2027 on a turnover of Rs.500 
Crores. 
M Dakshinamoorthy: For sure Sir. S ee when we are investing on certain project or when we are investing on 
certain R&D, we have a high expectation limit basically. So, if this particular expectation is 
met, then only we will be spending so much of money. Otherwise, for the regular railway 
activities what we are now doing, we no need to spend money, we actually no need to spend 
even one single rupee on it. So, we are expecting this margin for sure  and as I said that we 
have participated in Rs.1200 Crores tenders with a higher margin. The higher margin in 
sense like it  is not just a higher margin, basically, because the tender what we have 
participated in the past, w here having a margin, a decent margin, basically  but due to this 
escalation, we were forced to absorb that margin into the system. That  is why now the 
number, Rs.1000 Crores number, what was promised during this March end was not being 
achieved for the betterment of the company because as I clearly highlighted in my note, that 
in terms of getting the order books, I do  not want to compromise on the margin. So now 
what we are concentrating right now is basically a margin, which is very decent. So that 
decent margin will obviously satisfy the requirement  and as I told you earlier, we are going 
to increase our cycle, the production cycle and the receivable cyc le. The moment that is 
achieved, then probably that will be converted as a revenue basically and then profit. So I 
do not think that we can reduce our overall PAT level less than 12% for sure. 
Sahil Garg: And this R&D will be spent on aerospace and defence segment or will there be? 
M Dakshinamoorthy: Predominantly, Sir. 
Sahil Garg: And out of current order book of Rs.469 Crores, how much it comes from aerospace and 
defence? 
M Dakshinamoorthy: This year, I said around Rs.60 to Rs.70 Crores. 
Sahil Garg: In the current order book? 
===== PAGE 13 of 27 =====
  Airfloa Rail Technology Limited 
June 3, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 26 
M Dakshinamoorthy: Yes, in the current order book. Yes. 
Sahil Garg: Rs. 60 Crores to Rs. 70 Crores from aerospace and defence, right? 
M Dakshinamoorthy: No, no, no. I am sorry. I am sorry. So, in the upcoming tenders, what we have floated. 
Sahil Garg: No that that I got to know . I am asking for the current order book  like we have a current 
order book of Rs.469 odd Crores how much it is from aerospace and defence? 
M Dakshinamoorthy: Right now it is around Rs.29 Crores in the current order books , which will be executed this 
year, and we are expecting another Rs.60 Crores to Rs.70 Crores to be executed in this year 
through this tender process, which is predominantly through HAL. Other than this, I already 
said that whatever the tender we have participated through the defence portal and things like 
that, we have not included in the overall tender book itself of Rs.1200 Crores. 
Sahil Garg: Sir, how long this R&D expense will help us? I mean, we are spending close to Rs.45 
Crores to Rs.50 odd Crores in R&D on aerospace and defence and we are only achieving a 
turnover of Rs.29 odd Crores I mean this year ? I understand that  yes, there will be a big 
order, there could be a big order when like out of this Rs.200 Crores of bidding you have 
done like where do you see this , I mean, this segment to grow further considering the 
amount of R&D we are spending in this year on this particular segment? 
M Dakshinamoorthy: See, we are spending this percentage of 8% or 9% along with the Big Bang Boom solutions 
for making some electronic warfare systems, which I  have already highlighted. So, when it 
comes to the systems, since it is a defence product, it cannot be deployed onto the warfare 
straight away. The investment and the R&D will happen, and it takes some time. More than 
that time, there will be a testing time or a trial time that takes more time so what I am 
requesting you is to understand the defence sector how it works so i t is not  like a railway 
product where they wanted a new product within six month s’ time we need to deploy the 
prototype and then once the prototype is assessed and approved then we go for the regular 
supplies. It is not like that , so this must be at least deployed for at least six months  to one 
year into the systems . Once that is approved and they will be taking into the Army okay. 
This is how it works. So, my request to you is that there are certain other areas , which we 
are working. That is what I said in the previous answer, that we are expecting some other 
programs to happen faster, along with Big Bang Boom solutions  okay, so if that happens, 
this Rs.60 Crores to Rs.70 Crores will increase to maybe Rs.150 Crores to Rs.200 Crores 
also. Okay, so my request to you is that it is a very, very organic process  and definitely this 
process will work and it takes time. So my request to you is that we must wait and watch on 
this particular program. There are certain inorganic things which, as I said, we are 
expecting. So that will be definitely a big surprise for everyone. 
===== PAGE 14 of 27 =====
  Airfloa Rail Technology Limited 
June 3, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 26 
Moderator: Sorry about this  Sahil. We have a few more participants waiting in the queue. Would you 
mind rejoining, please? I  am so sorry about that  Sahil. Please rejoin the queue for your 
followup. Thank you, Sa hil. We  are taking the next question from Rudraksh  Raheja of 
IthoughtPMS. 
Rudraksh Raheja: Thank you for the opportunity, Sir. I am very new to th e business. So my questions would 
be very rudimentary only. So, Sir, there is a higher share of private business in H2 FY2026? 
Could you share more details on that? Is that a sustainable trend for us going forward? 
M Dakshinamoorthy: Sir actually, we are majorly focusing on the government projects and we also are utilizing 
almost 90% of our capability right now. So what we are doing right now is that, since this 
Indian Railway business is spread all over the country, we cannot set up the facility 
throughout the country to cater to the requirement of the zonal railways. So what we are 
doing right now is that we are creating channel partners throughout the country  and we are 
executing the contracts through our channel partners throughout the country. So this is how 
it is going to be in future. When you see the end customer, it is the Indian railways. So for 
example, now I am sitting in Chennai. I am now getting a contract from the north frontier 
railway. I had to send my person to Assam to set up a facility there and to execute the 
contract in the north frontier railway, especially when it comes to the zonal railways. When 
it is ICF, MCF and RCF, it is fine  but the major business is now going to come apart from 
what we are doing is from the zonal railways, which is the refurbishment activities. For any 
refurbishment activity, I had to set up the facility near to the workshop to make it happen. 
So what we have done is that we have created a channel partner system right now based on 
the region who are basically railway suppliers and made them as a channel partners and we 
make them to participate on our behalf, get the contract and we manufacture the product 
sitting in Chennai and they execute the contract in the zonal railways. So thereby, in future, 
the major contract would be from the Indian Railways and metro segment and also the high 
speed segment which we have recently entered into the high speed segment also. We have 
got the contracts also a small contract from the high speed segment also which are going to 
increase over a period of time. So these particular contracts are going to go high in future , 
but the end customer is the Indian Railways because it is going to be run in the platform of 
Indian Railways. So for your question, yes, it is going to be increased over a period of time 
with the increase of the direct sale of railway business. So end customer is the railways or 
the defence, but it will be channelled through various companies. The reason is that we do  
not need to spend lots and lots of money onto the infrastructure and then to maintain our 
profitability, this is the strategical method which we are now following. 
Rudraksh Raheja: Got it, Sir. Sir, how does this model impact our profitability and working capital? Does it 
help us in any way? 
===== PAGE 15 of 27 =====
  Airfloa Rail Technology Limited 
June 3, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 26 
M Dakshinamoorthy: Obviously, Sir. For example, I do  not need to park my EMD cost. I do  not need to park my 
bank guarantee, I do  not need to park my performance bank guarantee PBG and security 
deposit I will be saving and I will be saving on my infrastructure cost  and overhead cost. So 
all I may be doing is basically I  will give my percentage of shares to them and they will do 
everything from their particular point and I  will be billing to them and they  will in turn bill 
it to the customer. Definitely this will increase my profit profitability. 
Rudraksh Raheja: But we will share some margins or profits with the partners also, right? 
M Dakshinamoorthy: Obviously, Sir. The ir margins and profit , s haring of margin is very much limited when 
comparing to investment calls and this other cost. 
Rudraksh Raheja: Got it. And Sir, any other players are using this model in India? 
M Dakshinamoorthy: I am not aware of this thing, Sir. But this is one of the best models which we are thinking to 
implement, basically  because the volume of business is so huge, you cannot upscale 
yourself within the short period of time, Sir because when I am achieving Rs.500 Crores, 
then I am implementing this particular method  and this particular method will be of great 
use when we are growing to Rs.1000 Crores to Rs.2000 Crores company because the order 
projections are so good that you can spread this or you can create a supplier or a supply 
chain network. Only through this method, you can increase your top line and bottom line, 
Sir. 
Rudraksh Raheja: Got it, Sir. Next question... 
Moderator: Sorry about this Rudraksh, would you mind please rejoining the queue? We have few more 
participants here. 
Rudraksh Raheja: Actually, this was only one question. So, maybe I can ask one more. 
Moderator: Sure. Manikandan Sir, is this alright? 
M Dakshinamoorthy: I am fine, Sir. I am perfectly fine, Sir. They can. 
Moderator: Sure, Rudraksh. Please go ahead. 
Rudraksh Raheja: Thank you so much, Sir. Sir, what would be the capex outlay for 2027 and 2028 and like 
where are we spending most of our capex which segment defence, aerospace and railways 
the split between the three? 
===== PAGE 16 of 27 =====
  Airfloa Rail Technology Limited 
June 3, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 26 
M Dakshinamoorthy: Sir this is a very tricky question to answer basically because see I can tell you the overall 
spending for this year . I t would be approximately Rs.30 Crores to Rs.40 Crores will be 
spend on the year 2027 -2028 basically that is for the next year basically. For this year we 
are majorly spending on the R&D part and secondly we have given a commitment last year 
that we will be setting up the infrastructure of minimum 50,000 lakh square feet to 1 lakh 
square feet of shed for manufacturing the railway and the defence activity which will extend 
to at least 3 lakh square feet to 4 lakh square feet of shed that is the focus this year which 
we have already got the land and now we are going to start the building for which we have 
already discussed with our bankers for the term loan so it  is already aligned so this year as 
we promised last year we will be making this particular infrastructure development with 14 
acres of land. 
Rudraksh Raheja: So Sir, how much would we spend on this project, this infrastructure expansion? 
M Dakshinamoorthy: Approximately around Rs.30 Crores to Rs.35 Crores. 
Rudraksh Raheja: This will be in FY2027, right? 
M Dakshinamoorthy: Yes. 
Rudraksh Raheja: And Sir, are we going to expense our R&D or will it come on our balance sheet? 
M Dakshinamoorthy: Sir, it will be coming on our balance sheet, Sir. 
Rudraksh Raheja: But you said that it may impact some 8 % to 9% of sales  we will spend in R&D for this 
year? So, I thought we were expensing that amount to P&L? 
M Dakshinamoorthy: No, Sir. This will be coming in the balance sheet, Sir for sure. 
Rudraksh Raheja: Got it. Maybe I will take this offline. 
Moderator: Thank you, Rudraksh. We will have our next question from Falak Shah of Mavira. Falak , 
please restrict to two questions and then you can re -join the queue if you have any followup 
ones. 
Falak Shah: Thank you. I just wanted to know about the incoming orders for our refurbishment 
segment? When are the orders expected? What would be the order size  and what would be 
the expected kind of margin profile we want to make from this? 
M Dakshinamoorthy: Madam, thank you for this question, actually. This refurbishment of the coaches is a 
separate segment around Rs.26,000 Crores has already been sanctioned for this particular 
===== PAGE 17 of 27 =====
  Airfloa Rail Technology Limited 
June 3, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 26 
project and this will start coming right from this year. The initial allotment is basically 
around 25,000 coaches over a period of three to four years, which is very, very big. So we 
can expect the order to flow right from this year and hopeful of punching orders of at least 
Rs.100 Crores this year through this refurbishment project. As far as the margin is 
concerned, definitely we will be maintaining this particular margin. Whatever the current 
margin we are having, we will be maintaining it. 
Falak Shah: Thank you. And I had another question on the orders from HAL. Could you give us a little 
more detail as to what is the product profile for these orders? 
M Dakshinamoorthy: The order is predominantly for the AMCA Advanced Medium Combat Aircraft. So we have 
already executed certain products as a prototype, which got approved. Now the regular 
orders are now going to come, which is big in volume. So we are hopeful of getting those 
orders since we have already approved our prototypes. 
Falak Shah: So correct me if I am wrong, but I thought that the AMCA orders were no longer with HAL 
and they were given to a consortium of private players? 
M Dakshinamoorthy: Madam, you should understand that AMCA production we are not going to do because we 
are no way connected to the AMCA production. We are talking about the simulators and 
then G22 simulators which we are now talking about. It  is the simulators not the product, 
actual product. 
Falak Shah: Okay. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you Falak. We  will have Subhajit Das of Clov er Capital with his question now. 
Subhajit, please unmute. Yes, Subhajit, please go ahead. 
Subhajit Das: Thank you for the opportunity and thanks to the management for delivering stellar numbers. 
My question to you, Sir, is that somewhere in the past you had mentioned, this is the second 
time I am attending your call, some three  to four months back in some conference call you 
had mentioned that for FY2028, we can achieve maybe Rs.1000 Crores revenue and Rs.150 
Crores PAT, so is it in line, or what would you think it is? Can be a conservative estimate, 
something if you can throw some light for FY2028? 
M Dakshinamoorthy: Sir, in fact, if everything goes good, we can achieve Rs.1000 Crores and Rs.150 Crores 
PAT margin even this year, Sir. We are wishing for it. So we have a very long plan and we 
are not looking back. We are very, very clear with the numbers, what we have thought, and 
our focus is towards that. For sure, we are moving forward for that particular number. For 
sure, in fact, we can increase more than Rs.1000 Crores, not less than that. 
===== PAGE 18 of 27 =====
  Airfloa Rail Technology Limited 
June 3, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 26 
Subhajit Das: For FY2028, Sir? 
M Dakshinamoorthy: Yes. 
Subhajit Das: Okay and Sir, you had mentioned that in the last con call, in two years your order book the 
ratio between railways and defence is going to be 50 -50, so, how things are progressing, 
Sir? 
M Dakshinamoorthy: Sir, we are working for that only. As I clearly highlighted last year also, our focus is 
towards that. We are moving towards that particular thing. As I said, our intention is to 
achieve Rs.1000 Crores in the next year, considering these particular parameters. So, 
definitely we are moving forward on it. This is our wish and our progress is towards that. 
Subhajit Das: And Sir, how about the new plant commissioning, which is a 14 acre s plant that was in the 
pipeline that you are commissioning some 14 acre s plant some 50,000 square feet to 1 lakh 
square feet, if I am not correct on the number front? 
M Dakshinamoorthy: You are right, Sir. You are right, Sir. 50,000 to 1 lakh is what we are planning this year, Sir. 
Subhajit Das: Okay, so this financial year, this is going to be commissioned, Sir? 
M Dakshinamoorthy: For sure, Sir. Yes, Sir. This is the commitment which I have given last year, which we are 
going to do this year Sir, for sure. 
Subhajit Das: Thank you, Sir, for your time and wish you all the very best Sir. 
M Dakshinamoorthy: Thank you so much, Sir. 
Moderator: Thank you, Subhajit. We have, I think we have Pranjal Nimbalkar of Niveza. Pranjal, please 
go ahead, yes. Pranjal, yes, please go ahead. 
Pranjal Nimbalkar: Yes. Sir, I wanted to understand what role does Mr. Sudhanshu Mani plays in your 
company and how much does he help in your R&D and everything related to getting orders 
or something like that? 
M Dakshinamoorthy: Sir, in terms of R&D, of course, we take our team, our technical team, our engineering team 
plays a vital role on this R&D front because we see the vision basically. We see the vision 
of where we are going to be in the next five years. So based on our visionary, our team is 
already doing it and we are steadily concentrating on that particular part. As far as Mr. 
Sudhanshu Mani is concerned, he is more like our advisor who advises us like what are all 
the areas where we need to concentrate and what are all the futuristic projects or the product 
===== PAGE 19 of 27 =====
  Airfloa Rail Technology Limited 
June 3, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 26 
which is to be envisaged like the lightweight concepts, lightweight trains and latest 
technology in the global scenario. So all these things, we are getting great advice in terms of 
future technology, and also in terms of negotiations with the technology holders and things 
like that. He plays a vital role on this particular front. So Mr. Tilak Seth plays a vital role on 
our structuring because he was heading the Siemens Mobility. So he is now playing a vital 
role on structuring the systems basically. So he is one of the pivot points like Sudhanshu 
Mani who are very much instrumental in our vision basically, but the vision was created by 
us and our team, young team is concentrating on it. 
Pranjal Nimbalkar: Got it and Sir, in the last one, I was sure that you were talking something about Kavach and 
building something around Kavach system, which was like an integrated system on top of 
Kavach? I just wanted to understand the progress or like? 
M Dakshinamoorthy: Sir, your voice is very feeble, Sir. If you can just loud your voice, then that would be great, 
Sir. 
Pranjal Nimbalkar: In the last one, you had mentioned something about Kavach, building a product which is 
like an integration of Kavach or was going to be on top of Kavach, so just want to 
understand the progress or what has happened over there until now? 
M Dakshinamoorthy: Sir, this integrated security systems is on a very good phase right now. We are 
implementing this in our systems basically and we want to showcase to the railways and 
upon approval of this, this will be taken forward, Sir because as I said, that it is an 
integrated system. It is a total security system. It requires a lot of parameters involved into 
it, right? So, we will be exhibiting to the railway board and RDSO on this and as far as the 
system is concerned, we are already in a very matured stage. 
Pranjal Nimbalkar: And when do we plan to show it to the railway board? Is there a time? 
M Dakshinamoorthy: This year, we will be exhibiting to them, Sir. 
Pranjal Nimbalkar: Okay and Sir, regarding the? 
Moderator: Sorry about this, Pranjal. Would you mind rejoining the queue? 
Pranjal Nimbalkar: Sure. 
Moderator: Thank you, Pranjal. Requesting all participants to restrict to two questions for now. We 
have Khush Banthia of Nikunj Brokers. Kush, please go ahead. 
===== PAGE 20 of 27 =====
  Airfloa Rail Technology Limited 
June 3, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 26 
Khush Banthia: So, I have a couple of questions. The first one is on the postponement of purchase of our 
machinery. So, when are we expecting to buy and is there any change of plans in buying the 
machinery, the kind of machinery we were planning to buy? And the second one is on the 
fund raise, so are we planning to raise funds through equity in near future? 
M Dakshinamoorthy: Okay. So, for your first question, Sir, actually we have already highlighted the machinery 
list in the exchange. Most of the machineries are from China. So now very recently, in 
sense like during the January time, Chinese government have set a rule to get a n end user 
certificate from Indian companies, which means that we have ordered machineries, which is 
a high precision machinery, anything which is high precision machinery, they need to get 
the end user certificate from the Government of India and they were restricting these 
particular machines to go to India, so they have highlighted, the OEM have highlighted to 
give the end user certificate. We are in the process of getting the end user certificate which 
is getting delayed so because of that these particular machines are not being procured so far 
number one. Number two parallelly, we are also planning to go for a slight change in the 
machinery the reason being is that the new development is happening for lightweight 
interiors for rail coaches. For that there are advanced machineries required so we are now 
trying to take this chance of the delay thereby we can avoid going for these particular 
machineries from china and to get some other machinery, which is actually relevant to this 
current year and next year production basically. So, we are already working with this 
Chinese company and we are given the mandate that it has to be supplied immediately 
otherwise we are going to cancel the order. So, this process is already going on. We do not 
want to get into any of this trouble with the Chinese company. So, we are waiting for it. 
Probably we are expecting this result this month. Once we are very clear with their results, 
then definitely we will come out with the notifications or the information, whether we are 
going for the same machineries or with the different machineries. So we do not want to get 
into any of the fund locking systems here by the Chinese government. So, we are very clear. 
So once we get this result, we will be deploying this particular fund and for your previous 
question, Sir, if it is required, we can also share the communication of the Chinese 
companies and their government procedures to the BSE. 
Khush Banthia: It is fine, Sir. It is up to you what all you want to disclose over here. 
M Dakshinamoorthy: So, the second follow-up, the second question, if you do not mind, I missed your second 
question. 
Khush Banthia: So, it was regarding the fundraiser. 
===== PAGE 21 of 27 =====
  Airfloa Rail Technology Limited 
June 3, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 26 
M Dakshinamoorthy: For this year, I cannot say we do not require equity in future, but this year we are restricting 
ourselves to go to further fundraise through equity, Sir. We are very much comfortable with 
the debt fund, what we are going to get from the bank. 
Khush Banthia: So, will it be enough for this Big Bang Boom? 
M Dakshinamoorthy: No, we are not raising any equity for that, Sir. 
Khush Banthia: Okay. I will re-join the queue for the follow-up questions. 
Moderator: Thank you so much, Kush. We will take our next question from Chirag Satiya of Satiya 
Investments. Chirag, please go ahead. 
Chirag Satiya: Good afternoon, Sir. Congratulations on the fantastic set of numbers. Sir, just to understand 
on that 14-acre facility, we already know that you have seven facilities currently going on. 
So, will you merge this entire, all these facilities into one unit or this will be all together a 
separate new unit? 
M Dakshinamoorthy: Sir, out of the seven units’ certain units are very small unit, which is discrete right now. So, 
we are going to keep our major unit intact and to shift the unit where we are paying heavy 
rent. So, our idea is to reduce maybe or to control maybe around Rs.20 lakhs to Rs.25 lakhs 
every month as a rent and then we want to use this particular facility to start with and 
following that we will be merging the smaller unit into the system basically. So 
predominantly we are envisaging only two unit s will be there overall without any payment 
of rent in future. 
Chirag Satiya: Fantastic. So, you will have a lot of advantage of economies of scale as well. 
M Dakshinamoorthy: Exactly, Sir. That is the idea, Sir. 
Chirag Satiya: Very nice. Now, coming back to this point that this machinery IPO fund utilization of 
buying this machinery, you had an issue with this Chinese government. Now, I see that your 
capacity utilization is already at 90%. 
M Dakshinamoorthy: Correct, Sir. 
Chirag Satiya: And you have given a guidance of Rs.500 Crores revenue for next year. So assume that if 
this machinery does not come up or whatever, it may get delayed. How do you intend to 
achieve this Rs.500 Crores given that you already have 90% capacity? 
===== PAGE 22 of 27 =====
  Airfloa Rail Technology Limited 
June 3, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 26 
M Dakshinamoorthy: So right now, we are using the two-shift mechanism, Sir. Previously, we were not using it. 
After September, we started implementing it and after December, we effectively started 
using the two-shift mechanism right now. So, this two-shift mechanism is effectively used 
for last four months, last year FY2026 basically. So, if we are using the same mechanism 
for the entire year, we can really manage this particular year with as I said that we are now 
going with a channel partner arrangement. So, when we are going through this particular 
arrangement, we no need to effectively spend so much of expansion on to the infrastructure 
and machinery. 
Chirag Satiya: That is fantastic. So, this Rs.500 Crores really looks practically possible and in case if this 
new machinery comes, revenue would may pump up even more. 
M Dakshinamoorthy: Correct, Sir. You are right, Sir. You are right, Sir. We are equipped for that and we have a 
very visibility clear towards that, Sir. 
Chirag Satiya: Fantastic, Sir. One last point, I have seen your results that you had mentioned that there is a 
formation of a subsidiary company to carry out electroluminescent dynamic display boards? 
M Dakshinamoorthy: Correct Sir. 
Chirag Satiya: I just wanted you to throw some light on what exactly is this? 
M Dakshinamoorthy: Okay. Sir, actually, of course, it is very premature to disclose the technology basically. I 
will not discuss on the technology front because it has to be officially announced. So, I will 
do that later, but this is predominantly on to the commercials and signage of entire railway 
network and towards the flexible electronics towards the aerospace activity, especially 
space activity and aerospace activities Sir. So, these are the main area s of concentration. It 
is called flexible electronics. In nutshell, I can say this is flexible electronics  where the 
electronics can take the shape of the body or the substrate. So, it is a deep technology which 
we are now venturing into it, Sir. 
Chirag Satiya: So, you will have any commercials this year? 
M Dakshinamoorthy: In terms of sales? 
Chirag Satiya: Yes 
M Dakshinamoorthy: We are expecting that, Sir, because railway is our customer. So whenever we enter into the 
railway segment, it is not a long gestation period segment. So hopefully we are expecting 
something this year Sir, which is not highlighted in any of the numbers so far in terms of 
===== PAGE 23 of 27 =====
  Airfloa Rail Technology Limited 
June 3, 2026 
 
Page 22 of 26 
order books or in terms of the tender participated, but these are all the inorganic growth 
which we are expecting this year Sir. 
Chirag Satiya: Very, very nice. Thank you. Thank you very much for answering all the questions and I 
wish you all the best and I am very, very positive about your company doing the numbers 
this year. 
M Dakshinamoorthy: Thank you so much for believing us, Sir. Thank you so much for your kind words. I really 
appreciate it, Sir. 
Moderator: Thank you so much. We will take all follow up questions for now and we request all the 
participants to restrict to only one question. So, we are taking our next question from Sahil. 
Sahil, I think Sahil has dropped off. We will move to Rudraksh for now. Rudraksh Raheja 
of IthoughtPMS. Rudraksh, please restrict to one follow up question. Please go ahead. 
Rudraksh Raheja: Thank you again, Sir. Sir, just one question on the JV that we are doing. Could you help us 
understand what kind of capex or anything that we will spend from our side and roles and 
responsibilities that we will share with Big Bang Boom Solutions? 
M Dakshinamoorthy: Sir, we have committed to invest around Rs.25 Crores towards this particular joint venture 
activities, predominantly to cater to two major segment which I have already highlighted for 
the autonomous drones which we have almost in the almost in the finishing of the design 
phase and secondly electronic warfare , which is the indigenous activity which we are now 
working with other foreign partners. So the investment would be around Rs.25 Crores from 
our side. Jointly, the roles and responsibilities is basically this joint venture company will 
act as a technology company where it holds the technology and the manufacturing rights of 
this particular technology will be given to Airfloa. So this joint venture company will be a 
technology holder and the manufacturing rights for these particular products whatever has 
been developed by the technology company will be done by Airfloa Rail Technology 
Limited. So that is the agreement. So when it comes to the scope inside the joint venture 
company, there is no such a scope between Airfloa and Big Bang Boom because it is a joint 
venture company. So the joint venture company wholly is responsible for the technology. 
Rudraksh Raheja: Understood, Sir. Understood. Can I ask another question, Sir? 
Moderator: Sorry, Rudraksh, we are only restricted to one. 
Moderator: Thank you, Rudraksh. We are moving to our next followup question from Pranjal 
Nimbalkar of Niveza. Pranjal, please go ahead. Please restrict to only one question for now. 
Pranjal. 
===== PAGE 24 of 27 =====
  Airfloa Rail Technology Limited 
June 3, 2026 
 
Page 23 of 26 
Pranjal Nimbalkar: Sir I wanted to understand this Kavach product of yours. Is it very close to how Kavach 4.2 
is getting deployed? Will the deployment be on the same manner? 
M Dakshinamoorthy: No, Sir. This is totally a different system altogether, Sir. Kavach is more of an equipment 
which got fitted into the system, but this is something which can be secured remotely by 
sitting in a remote place, so it is no way compared to the existing Kavach systems, Sir. It is 
more AI based remote access system. 
Pranjal Nimbalkar: So, will this be deployed on stations? 
M Dakshinamoorthy: Sir, I cannot disclose this right now. So definitely we will be in a position to explain about 
this separately. We will definitely do that, because there is technology involved into it. 
There is a technology provided partner involved into it. So, I cannot disclose this now, Sir. 
Sorry thank you. 
Pranjal Nimbalkar: Thank you. Thank you, Sir. 
Moderator: Thank you, Pranjal. We have another follow -up coming in from Paras Chheda of Purple 
One. Paras, please go ahead. Please restrict to only one question for now. 
Paras Chheda: Yes, thank you. Sir, just want to know with our current capacity and the new 14 acre 
capacity that will come up now, what peak revenue capacity can be expected over the next 
couple of years and when do we likely achieve that? 
M Dakshinamoorthy: Sir, we were talking about the top line this year, Sir. Obviously, this particular top line this 
year, the infrastructure, what we are now going to do is not going to contribute much on the 
top line what we are doing right now, but for the next financial year, yes, definitely there 
will be a big support we are expecting from this particular infrastructure spending, Sir. 
Paras Chheda: So what kind of revenue capacity in terms of peak that can lead to? Not necessarily next 
year, but I am saying just over a medium term? 
M Dakshinamoorthy: So we are expecting at least the capacity of right now what we are having the capacity is 
around 90% of the existing facility and we want to double up this capacity with this 
particular new infrastructure Sir. 
Paras Chheda: Understood and for just next year, I mean for FY2028, do we need an equity raise 
potentially? 
M Dakshinamoorthy: For FY2028, we may need it, Sir, but I cannot comment right now because it all depends on 
the maturity of the products because right now we are spending on the R&D. We are 
===== PAGE 25 of 27 =====
  Airfloa Rail Technology Limited 
June 3, 2026 
 
Page 24 of 26 
investing on the R&D part. Once the R&D is matured, then obviously the actual business 
starts. The moment actual business starts, for sure the business volume will be very high 
because of the segment, which we are now concentrating in. Those time definitely there will 
be the requirement of funds and it will be done through equity, Sir. 
Paras Chheda: Thank you so much, Sir. 
Moderator: Thank you, Paras. We are moving to our next follow-up from Khush Banthia. Khush, please 
ask one question as a follow-up one, please. 
Khush Banthia: Yes thanks for the opportunity. So my question is if things do not go in our favour 
regarding our machinery thing which is going with the China then is it going to affect 
FY2027 numbers and also as we are already running at 90% capacity, so within that will we 
be able to achieve our FY2027 target of Rs.500 Crores top line? 
M Dakshinamoorthy: Absolutely not. You can be rest assured that these particular machines, what we are now 
talking about is actually the work is going on in a different process. So this particular 
machine are not going to affect our, turnover for sure, because we have already got two 
missions, which is the primary machine out of this, overall IPO spendings, right? So you 
can be rest assured that these particular machine activities are not going to affect our 
FY2027 turnover for sure. 
Khush Banthia: Sir as you mentioned that we are running at 90% capacity utilization right now, so we will 
be able to do Rs.500 Crores this time because I think in last call you already mentioned that 
we are already running at two shifts right now? 
M Dakshinamoorthy: Correct. Sir, when you see the last calls, during the previous answers, I clearly highlighted 
that we have ad opted this two shift system for the last four months, that is for the FY2026, 
and we are going to have the same thing for the next 10 months. Now, two months is 
already over, and then another 10 months, which means that from Rs.320 Crores there is a n 
easy gap of achieving Rs.400 Crores to Rs.450 Crores easily with the same system , but now 
what we are adapting is basically the channel partner systems , which I have already 
answered during the last call also that we are spreading our risk towards the other 
companies and or I cannot say the risk , here but the opportunity to achieve this top line can 
be through our channel partners means that we operate or we execute the contracts through 
our channel partners thereby I no need to spend huge money onto the infrastructure. 
Khush Banthia: We are just outsourcing few of our tasks. 
===== PAGE 26 of 27 =====
  Airfloa Rail Technology Limited 
June 3, 2026 
 
Page 25 of 26 
M Dakshinamoorthy: Well outsourcing is a supply chain management which we are doing separately but what I 
am trying to say is that the order the entire orders will be executed by us through our 
channel partners. 
Khush Banthia: Got it. 
Moderator: Thank you, Khush. We have another followup question coming in from Subhajit Das of 
Clover Capital. Subhajit, please restrict to only one question for now. 
Subhajit Das: Sir, you had mentioned in the PPT that railway orders are a bit on the lumpy side? Can you 
just elaborate on that and also last time you had mentioned that 40% of your orders get 
executed in the last quarter, so will that be the same or it will be a more spread out even H1 
and H2, evenly matched H1 and H2? 
M Dakshinamoorthy: Sir, actually not last year. If you see last 15 to 20 years, the trend is like this. This is the 
trend of the railways. So the trend is like this but what we are trying to do is that based on 
our approach with the railways and the last time urgency and things like that we are trying 
to distribute throughout the year but we will definitely achieve to some extent, but the trend 
cannot be changed because it is majorly driven by the Indian railways and other railway 
segments basically. When it comes to the other customers like Siemens, Alstom or even 
BEML, we have a very structured supply chain or the schedules basically in terms of 
supplies. There, we are maintaining it on a monthly basis. There is no issue on it but our 
major customer is the Indian Railways and other railway manufacturing companies, right? 
So there, the trend is like this. We will try to spread it all over but as a whole, the trend will 
be like this only, Sir. 
Subhajit Das: And, Sir, what do you actually elaborate on the lumpy sales? You mentioned the lumpy 
orders, is it like very infrequent orders, but very high orders? 
M Dakshinamoorthy: I do not understand your question. Sorry, Sir. Can you please repeat? 
Subhajit Das: Sir, you mentioned lumpy orders. Is it like a few orders, but those orders are very big in size 
or something like that? Can you just elaborate on the lumpy side of the order book? 
M Dakshinamoorthy: Lumpy orders? 
Subhajit Das: Yes. So you mentioned in the PPT from the railway sector. 
===== PAGE 27 of 27 =====
  Airfloa Rail Technology Limited 
June 3, 2026 
 
Page 26 of 26 
M Dakshinamoorthy: Okay, so based on the PPT. Okay. So what I am trying to say is that, a very big order book. 
Okay. In that you have the high profit margin orders. So that is basically being selected and 
then we give importance throughout the year. 
Subhajit Das: So that is your first priority. 
M Dakshinamoorthy: Exactly. It does not mean that we do not execute the other orders because we have 
guidelines. We have our delivery times and things like that. We will be doing it 
simultaneously but we are spreading this particular order throughout the year. 
Subhajit Das: Okay Sir. Thank you, Sir. 
Moderator: Thank you so much, Subhajit. Ladies and gentlemen, due to paucity of time, we will take 
that as the last question for today. I will now hand it over back to Mr. Manikandan for his 
closing remarks. Please go ahead, Sir. Mr. Manikandan, you can go ahead with your closing 
remarks for now. 
M Dakshinamoorthy: So thank you for your continued interest in Airfloa and for joining us on today's call. If you 
have any follow-up questions or require any additional information, feel free to reach us at 
Atlas Capital, our investor relations consultant. We appreciate your time, support, and 
continued engagement with this company. Thank you, and have a great day. Thank you so 
much, Sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Airfloa Rail Technology Limited, this concludes today's 
conference call. Thank you all for joining us and you can now click on the leave icon to exit 
the meeting. Thank you all for your participation. 