
===== PAGE 1 of 18 =====
 
 
 
August 08, 2026 
To,  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Symbol: UNIMECH 
BSE Limited 
Scrip Code: 544322 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference call 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Conference 
call conducted on August 04, 2026, at 11:00 A .M. (IST), post announcement of Financial Results 
for the quarter ended June 30, 2026. 
 
The transcript of the Earnings Conference c all is also available on the Company’s website at  
https://www.unimechaerospace.com/earnings-call. 
 
Thanking You,  
Yours Faithfully,  
 
For Unimech Aerospace and Manufacturing Limited 
 
 
Rashmi Gupta 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No: A25382 
 
Encl: As above 
 
===== PAGE 2 of 18 =====
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
“Unimech Aerospace and Manufacturing Limited 
Q1 and FY '27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 04, 2026 
 
 
 
 
    
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANIL KUMAR PUTTAN – CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR  
 MR. RAMAKRISHNA KAMOJHALA – WHOLE-TIME 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER   
 MR. RAJANIKANTH BALARAMAN – WHOLE-TIME 
DIRECTOR  
 MR. MANI PUTTAN – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR  
 MR. PREETHAM S. V. – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR  
 MR. AAKASH JAISWAL – AGM, INVESTOR RELATIONS  
 
MODERATOR:  MR. MANISH VALECHA – ANAND RATHI SHARES & 
STOCK BROKERS LIMITED 
 
 
 
 

===== PAGE 3 of 18 =====
  Unimech Aerospace and Manufacturing Limited 
  August 04, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q1 and FY '27 Earnings Conference Call of 
Unimech Aerospace and Manufacturing Limited, hosted by Anand Rathi Share and Stock 
Brokers Limited. This conference call may contain forward -looking statement about the 
company which are based on the beliefs, opinions, and expectation of the company as  on date 
of this call. These statement are not the guarantee of future performance and involve risk and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
 As a reminder, all participant line will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask question after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistant during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Manish Valecha from Anand Rathi. Thank you and over 
to you, Manish. 
Manish Valecha: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. We welcome you all to the Q1 FY '27 earnings conference 
call for Unimech Aerospace and Manufacturing Limited. From the management team today, we 
have with us Mr. Anil Kumar Puttan, Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Rajnikant 
Balaraman, Whole-Time Director, Mr. Ramkrishna Kamojhala, Whole-time Director and CFO, 
Mr. Mani Put han, Whole-Time Director, Mr. Preet ham S. V., Whole -Time Director, and Mr. 
Aakash Jaiswal, AGM Investor Relations. 
I would now like to hand over the call to Anil for his opening comments. Over to you, Anil. 
Anil Kumar Puttan: Thank you, Manish. Good morning, everyone, and a warm welcome to Unimech Aerospace and 
Manufacturing Limited's Q1 FY '27 earnings call. I am pleased to share that Q1 FY '27 marks 
an encouraging start to the new financial year and represents an important mi lestone for 
Unimech as we report our first quarter of consolidated performance following the acquisition of 
Hobel Bellows. 
 Revenue for Q1 FY '27 stood at approximately INR108 crores, representing a growth of 71% 
year-on-year. During the previous earnings call, we indicated that improvement witnessed in Q4 
FY '26 should support a stronger Q1. The quarter has progressed in line with that direction. This 
momentum is being driven by strong customer procurement behaviour, sustained demand across 
our core business, and the early benefits of the strategic investments we have made in the past 
quarters, which are now beginning to translate into tangible business opportunities and customer 
engagements. 
 On tariffs, as we have indicated, free trade warehousing zone has strengthened our ability to 
mitigate tariff-related disruptions and provide customers with greater flexibility in managing 
delivery schedules. However, we remain watchful on any further deve lopments. More 
importantly, we continue to see encouraging developments across the aerospace and precision 
engineering industries, positioning Unimech as a direct beneficiary of these long-term trends. 
 The recent announcement of the additional leap engine demand by an Indian airline further 
reinforces our confidence in the long-term growth prospects of the aerospace tooling and MRO 
===== PAGE 4 of 18 =====
  Unimech Aerospace and Manufacturing Limited 
  August 04, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
markets. Additionally, global OEMs are increasingly shifting and expanding their manufacturing 
outsourcing to the Indian manufacturing ecosystem, resulting in robust pipeline of business 
opportunities. We believe Unimech is well -positioned to benefit from these structural industry 
trends. 
 I would now like to touch upon some significant developments during this quarter. The tooling 
business delivered healthy performance during the quarter based on customer schedules 
currently available to us. Demand visibility remains constructive for the ne xt quarter. Our 
precision business is also seeing encouraging traction. 
 A key milestone during the quarter was the signing of long -term supply agreement with FACC 
Austria, a leading aerospace Tier -1 supplier. The agreement carries an initial value of USD7.5 
million over a five -year period with opportunities for scope expansion over time. More 
importantly, beyond the contract value, this agreement is strategically significant as it marks our 
entry to the recurring aerospace component supplies under a long-term program. 
 It reflects that our investments in capability, qualifications, and customer engagements are now 
translating into multi -year commercial opportunities. We are also progressing qualification 
programs and commercial discussions with several other airframe Tie r-1 manufacturers and 
engine Tier-1 for supply for similar long-term supply agreements. 
 Discussions with one leading engine Tier -1 are at an advanced stage and we look forward to 
making further announcements as these engagements are finalized. Our consolidated order book, 
including Hobel Bellows, stood at approximately INR280 crores as of 30t h June, marginally 
lower than the level indicated with the previously consolidated order book, including Hobel. 
This reduction primarily reflects the strength of execution during the quarter and customer pull-
ins driven by a robust demand in their end markets. 
 Order inflows remain constructive and we expect the order book to continue building as our 
tooling and precision component opportunities convert into commercial orders. We completed 
165 FAIs during the quarter and initiated engagement with the 6 additional  prospective 
customers. These programs remain at different stages of technical evaluation, qualification, and 
commercial discussion. While not all qualifications will necessarily convert into production 
orders, the level of activity meaningfully expands our potential customer and program pipeline. 
 During the year, we are targeting to meaningfully increase our qualification rates over the 
previous year. These initiatives continue to strengthen our strategy of transforming Unimech 
into integrated precision manufacturing platform, expanding our capabi lities beyond aerospace 
tooling while steadily increasing the share of recurring precision components and flying parts in 
our business. 
 In the energy sector, our cumulative nuclear order wins now stand at approximately INR87 
crores with execution planned during the second half of the financial year. More opportunities 
are visible in the segment as energy manufacturing infrastructure happen s to be more invested. 
We will continue to update you as on this front.  
===== PAGE 5 of 18 =====
  Unimech Aerospace and Manufacturing Limited 
  August 04, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
 The integration of Hobel Bellows has progressed very well. Customer interactions have been 
encouraging and we are actively exploring opportunities to expand the range of products we 
supply to the existing customers. 
 In addition, discussions with two new customers in the locomotive and power generation 
industry respectively are progressing very well with technical evaluations and commercial 
submissions are currently underway. Subject  to successful qualification, we expect both 
customers to be onboarded by the end of this financial year. 
 Our joint venture with the Yusuf Bin Ahmed Kanoo Group in Saudi Arabia also continues to 
progress toward operationalization in line with planned timelines, further strengthening our 
geographic diversification and expanding our presence within the Middle Ea st energy 
ecosystem. 
 As FY27 progresses, we remain confident in our order book. Our free trade warehousing zone 
is now fully operational. Capacity utilization continues to improve  and our order book pipeline 
remains healthy with an increasing share of opportunities coming from business beyond 
aerospace tooling. 
 Our long -term vision remains unchanged to build Unimech Aerospace and Manufacturing 
Limited into global competitive capability -led integration, integrated precision engineering 
platform serving the aerospace, defense, energy, semiconductor, and advanced industrial sectors. 
 The FACC agreement, the Hobel acquisition with Saudi joint venture, and our expanding 
qualification ecosystem are all important building blocks in that journey. And with each passing 
quarter, we are seeing these strategic initiatives steadily come together. 
 With that, I will now hand over the call to Ram to take you through the financial performance 
for this quarter. 
Ramakrishna Kamojhala: Thank you, Anil, and good morning, everyone. As Anil mentioned, the quarter reflected 
continued improvement in demand. Order procurement and customer engagements remained 
constructive and the normalization aerospace tooling demand that we highlighted durin g our 
previous quarter earnings call is evident. 
 From a strategic perspective, our focus extends beyond quarterly growth. We remain committed 
to enhancing the quality and visibility of revenue streams by building multiple growth engines 
across our businesses. 
 The Hobel acquisition is already contributing meaningfully to this objective, while the long-term 
supply agreements that we have signed, together with those currently under discussion, are 
providing us with greater visibility of future revenues. 
 Let me now take you through our financial performance for Q1 FY27. Let's talk about revenue. 
Revenue for quarters to date approximately INR108 crores, representing 32% sequential growth 
over Q4 FY26 and 71% year -on-year growth. Its performance was driven by steady execution 
and strong procurement activity along with the incremental contribution from Hobel Bellows. 
===== PAGE 6 of 18 =====
  Unimech Aerospace and Manufacturing Limited 
  August 04, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
 I would also like to highlight that the quarter includes only 2 months of revenue from Hobel 
Bellows following its acquisition being completed in 27th April 2026. Accordingly, we expect 
a higher revenue contribution in the coming quarters. 
 From a revenue mix perspective, aero tooling contributed approximately 76% of total revenue. 
The balance came from our precision component and assembly businesses, which includes 
nuclear, semiconductor, aerospace segments, and Hobel Bellows. Within this, Hobel contributed 
21% of total revenue. 
 Other incomes for the quarter stood at INR7 crores, approximately half the level reported in the 
previous quarter, primarily because a significant portion of our treasury surplus was deployed 
towards the acquisition of Hobel Bellows.  
Let's talk about the margins and cost structure.  Consolidated gross margins for the quarter 
remained healthy at 65%, supported by a favorable mix of tooling -related orders. At the same 
time, our precision manufacturing business continued to invest in customer qualification, 
ongoing first articles, and ne w products introduction. These qualification programs naturally 
carry higher initial cost before transitioning into serial production. 
 Subcontracting cost remained low at approximately 3% of revenue, reflecting our continued 
focus on maximizing in-house capability utilization. EBITDA margin for quarter was robust at 
approximately 36.5%, demonstrating the resilience of our business model a nd operational 
excellence. 
 Employee cost stood at 15% of revenue with a total of 1,232 employees, while operating 
expenses were 13% of revenue, both reflecting some benefits of operating leverage as revenue 
continued to scale. Depreciation for the quarter stood at INR8 crores approx imately, broadly in 
line with our FY26 run rate. 
 As we had indicated earlier, we did not foresee any significant core business capex during FY27. 
However, we are witnessing increasing traction in customer inquiries from global OEMs or Tier-
1s, and a portion of our existing capacity is being committed tow ards prove -outs and 
qualification programs. 
 As these qualification programs convert into serial production, we will need to invest early in 
expanding capacity to support future demand. Consequently, we see additional capacity 
investment being advanced earlier than originally planned so that we are r eady to capitalize on 
potential opportunities. 
 Additionally, as mentioned during our previous earnings call, the planned capital expenditure 
for our Saudi joint venture with Kanoo Group will proceed as scheduled during the year. 
Accordingly, our overall gross block by end of FY27 is expected to be approximately double the 
current value, primarily driven by Saudi JV investment. We are in the process to infuse 
approximately US$10 million into JV expected to happen during this month. 
 Finance cost  for the quarter stood at INR2 crores approximately, reflecting working capital 
borrowings. Now let's talk about profitability. Profit after tax for the quarter stood at 
===== PAGE 7 of 18 =====
  Unimech Aerospace and Manufacturing Limited 
  August 04, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
approximately INR28 crores, translating into a PAT margin of 24%. This represents 46% year -
on-year growth and 7% sequential growth over Q4 FY26. 
 I would like to add some context here. Q4 FY26 benefited from significant higher other incomes 
of INR15 crores approximately compared with INR7 crores this quarter. Therefore, on an 
operating basis, the quality of earnings this quarter is meaningfully stro nger, with profitability 
being driven primarily by the underlying business rather than treasury income. 
 Annualized ROCE and ROE for the quarter stood at approximately 14.3% and 14.6% 
respectively, compared with FY26 level  of 10% and 16%. Coming to working capital and 
capacity utilization part. Working capital days stood at approximately 130 days, slightly inching 
up due to new business acquisition. We expect this to trend upward as our business mix evolves. 
 The new long -cycle aerospace programs that we are entering into and participating  towards 
nuclear tender typically require higher inventory commitments, coupling with longer production 
and customer acceptance cycle before billing, which can possibly stretch working capital days. 
As a result, overall working capital days could gradually increase to 160 days plus by end of this 
year. 
 For finance, our manufacturing facility are currently operating approximately 58% utilization. 
At the same time, in addition to the revenue -yielding capacity, nearly 10% of our available 
capacity is being committed towards new product introduction and qual ification programs to 
support future customer demand. As these programs continue to grow, we will evaluate 
additional capacity expansion to support future growth. 
Coming to FY 27 outlook, on a consolidated basis, we remain highly confident of deli vering 
meaningful growth in FY27. We expect the next quarter to be stronger with higher revenue with 
robust EBITDA margins. This confidence is underpinned by healthy demand visibility from our 
tooling customers, a full quarter, that is three months contribution from Hobel, and a growin g 
pipeline of opportunities across our precision component business. 
We are also witnessing strong engagement from customer in the semiconductor and aerospace 
sector, providing us with a confidence in our growth trajectory for the quarter. So, with this, I 
will hand over to Rajanikanth. 
Rajanikanth Balaraman: Thank you, Ram. Good morning, everybody. I would like to provide an update on some of the 
strategic initiatives that we have discussed over the past several quarters. Starting with D heya 
Engineering Technologies, our Saudi Arabia joint venture with Yusuf Bin Ahmed Kanoo Group, 
the integration and growth of Hobel Bellows and our readiness to expand capability and capacity 
to harness the demand across industries. 
While these initiatives are at different stages of development, each is intended to deepen our 
engineering capabilities, expand our addressable markets, and strengthen Unimech's position as 
an integrated precision engineering and manufacturing platform. St arting with D heya 
Engineering Technologies, the company continues to progress its indigen ous micro gas turbine 
programs. 
===== PAGE 8 of 18 =====
  Unimech Aerospace and Manufacturing Limited 
  August 04, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
During the quarter, Dheya was selected among the top 100 deep-tech companies participating in 
the Bharat Innovates platform in Nice, France. More importantly, the company was part of the 
Indian Prime Minister's delegation to France, which included engagement with French President 
Emmanuel Macron and leading deep-tech companies from India and France. Dheya showcased 
its indigenous micro gas turbine technology during the program. 
This reflects the growing visibility of its propulsion platform and the strategic importance of 
growing indigenous aerospace and defence technologies in India. On the technology front, the 
combustor development program in collaboration with IISc Bangalore continues to advance. 
The team is also progressing the next generation of higher power rated engines to address future 
commercial opportunities. 
As part of the development and testing process, D heya continues to undertake the necessary 
engineering iterations and manufacturing refinements to improve performance consistency and 
progress the engine programs towards the validation phase across both DET-500 and DET-200. 
This is an important part of the journey towards establishing a reliable and production -ready 
indigenous propulsion platform. 
Dheya is also looking to raise approximately USD10 million through a combination of equity 
and debt, including potential funding support from the Technology Development Board. 
Unimech intends to participate in the equity round s. Depending on the final structure of the 
transaction, our percentage ownership may see a modest dilution, which is generally part of any 
deep-tech investment. 
Importantly, Unimech's exclusive manufacturing arrangement for D heya's engine platforms 
remain unchanged. As these programs progress through validation, certification, and 
commercialization, we continue to see meaningful long -term manuf acturing potential for 
Unimech. 
Moving to our Saudi Arabia joint venture with Yusuf Bin Ahmed Kanoo Group, execution 
continues to progress steadily. The venture will establish Unimech's  first manufacturing 
footprint outside India and position us closer to customers participating in Saudi Arabia's 
industrial localization initiatives, particularly across the energy and advanced manufacturing 
sectors. 
Work relating to the facility, equipment deployment, leadership hiring continues in line with our 
implementation plan. During the quarter, we also met with several prospective customers to 
update them on the progress of the venture and the manufacturing capabilities being established. 
The response from these customers has been encouraging. They recognize the relevance of 
creating advanced precision manufacturing capability within Saudi Arabia and have expressed 
interest in continuing their engagement as the facility progresses towards operationalization.  
While these engagements remain at different stages, they reinforce our assessment of the market 
opportunity and important customers place on seeing qualified local manufacturing capa city 
before expanding their sourcing programs. The combination of Unimech's advanced 
manufacturing capabilities and Kanoo's market access provides the venture with a strong 
===== PAGE 9 of 18 =====
  Unimech Aerospace and Manufacturing Limited 
  August 04, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
platform to participate in localization -led opportunities across Saudi Ar abia and the wider 
Middle East. 
Moving to Hobel Bellows, the integration continues to progress well and remains aligned with 
the strategic rationale for acquisition. Hobel adds differentiated capabilities in metallic bellows, 
flexible tubing, and tubular structures while broadening our e xposure to power generation, 
locomotive, and advanced industrial markets. We have also initiated the AS9100 certification 
program for the V izag facility and are  targeting completion by Q4 FY 27, subject to the 
successful completion of the required audits and certification process. 
This will be an important step in qualifying the facility for aerospace programs and expanding 
the addressable market for Hobel's capabilities. At the same time, we are engaging with existing 
and prospective customers  to expand the range of product  supply and diversify the customer 
base. These discussions remain at different stages of technical evaluation, qualification, and 
commercial review. We will update the market as they translate into m aterial business 
opportunities. 
Stepping back, we continue to see strong structural demand across the industries in which we 
operate, particularly aerospace, defenc e, semiconductor, and energy including nuclear. Across 
these sectors, global OEMs and Tier -1s, suppliers are increasingly looking for manufacturing 
partners who can combine complex engineering capabilities and established execution track 
record and financial capability to invest and scale. 
In many cases, customers want to see the facility, equipment, available capacity, and 
manufacturing capability before committing larger volumes or expanding the scope of the 
relationship. Our experience over the past decade has consistently demonstrated th is pattern. 
Investments in capacity and capability have enabled us to build customer confidence, complete 
qualification, and subsequently expand the business relationship. 
The combination of advanced manufacturing capabilities, customer credibility, and access to 
capital is not widely available. We believe this positions Unimech well to become a scaling 
partner for global OEMs and Tier -1 suppliers as they diversify their sup ply chains and expand 
their manufacturing requirements. 
Overall, the initiatives discussed today reflect the broader transformation that we have 
consistently outlined over the past several quarters. Hobel expands our product portfolio, 
capabilities, and customer access. Saudi joint venture establishes an international manufacturing 
platform supported by encouraging customer development. D heya provides strategic exposure 
to indigenous propulsion technologies and the potential for meaningful futu re manufacturing 
opportunities. 
Our focus remains on disciplined execution, integrating these capabilities, investing ahead of 
emerging demand, expanding customer relationships, and building the capacity required to 
participate in larger and longer-duration programs. 
We believe our combination of engineering capability, customer credibility, and access to capital 
provides Unimech with a differentiated opportunity to become a preferred global integration, 
===== PAGE 10 of 18 =====
  Unimech Aerospace and Manufacturing Limited 
  August 04, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
precision engineering, and manufacturing partner. With that, we conclude our remarks and 
would be happy to take your questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you so much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-answer 
session. Our first question comes from the line of Akshay with AK Investment. Please go ahead. 
Akshay: Hello sir. First of all, thanks for giving me the opportunity and congratulations on the great set 
of numbers. Sir, my first question is  what is the approximate order execution timeline for the 
current move that we are having and also what are the current order pipeline and  how many 
orders can we  expect in the FY '27 going ahead? And also  let me complete. So nuclear order 
book is also INR87 crores. So, going ahead, how do we see the demand and traction over there 
also? Thank you. 
Rajanikanth Balaraman: Okay. Akshay, thank you. Can you just lay out the first question and then move to the second 
question there will be like, I get that many questions there back then. 
Akshay: Yes, it's all about the order pipeline and execution timeline and also about the nuclear order 
book. 
Rajanikanth Balaraman: Okay. So, starting with the timeline for execution pipeline. So, firstly, what I want to say is that 
in the, INR280 plus crores order book that we say, these are confirmed POs. Some of forecast 
standpoint, like if I have to basically talk about FACC and several other things that we're working 
on, the order book is even larger, which includes the forecast, right? So, this INR280 crores is 
the confirmed order book. 
And as part of that  we are looking at  some of the tooling which basically will get consumed 
within the quarter. Most of it will get consumed in the quarter. Nuclear, that is the INR87 crores 
will be across by H2 next year. So, yes, nuclear would be  -- some part would be H2 and the 
remaining part would be next year. 
The on the on the precision parts it's basically for the next six months or so. And on the nuclear 
-- we continue to be looking at newer bits and we continue to look at that. There is some new bit 
that is coming in. 
Management:  It's going to come up. It will update once. 
Rajanikanth Balaraman: Yes. Yes. So, these are organic bits that will basically come in and then the pipeline gets built 
up based on the bit constraints. 
Akshay: Okay. And sir, my second question is about the growth expectations. So, how much revenue 
growth and EBITDA margins we can expect? 
Rajanikanth Balaraman: Akshay, we can't give you well, Akshay, can you be loud? We, we, very, very feeble. 
Akshay: Yes. Hello, am I audible now, sir? 
Rajanikanth Balaraman: Yes, now this is okay. 
===== PAGE 11 of 18 =====
  Unimech Aerospace and Manufacturing Limited 
  August 04, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Akshay: Okay. Sir, my second question is about the revenue growth expectation and the EBITDA margin. 
So, how much revenue growth are we expecting in the FY '27 as you have already highlighted 
the quarter two and quarter three will be strong and also the -- our gross margins were 68% this 
quarter. So, what is the range for the gross and EBITDA margin that we can expect for FY '27 
and going ahead? And also, as we have highlighted that we are seeing a very high demand, so 
are we expecting any capacity addition in the near future capex plan? Thank you. 
Aakash Jaiswal: Akshay, so we'll go one quarter at a time.  As we maintained last quarter, we were expecting 
quarter one to be a healthy quarter and hence we maintained saying quarter one would be a good 
enough addition. Similarly, quarter two also is looking better. Prime indication that I can give 
right away is, Hobel contribution only came in for two months in this current quarter. 
The next quarter we are seeing three months of full consolidation coming. In the tooling business 
I should say demand momentum continues. We are seeing constructive discussions ongoing with 
the customers and even with the forecast available with the end consumer se gment, we see this 
business also to be doing well.  
PCA business, as we have always maintained, it's a business that we are growing right now. This 
business will continue to see more qualifications and that will be our approach going forward. 
Most likely, what you will see H2 will be a much heavier PCA-led revenue contribution coming. 
On an overall basis, if I should say, all the business engines or the growth drivers that we have 
enabled in the Unimech business platform, it's continuing to shape up well. You will see a 
meaningful growth happening in this financial year compared to the last financial year. 
Akshay: Okay, sir. And about the EBITDA and gross margin? 
Aakash Jaiswal: So, gross margins, yes, so the number that we have always been talking about on a blended basis, 
we see 65% as a good sustainable numbe r for this year. You should also appreciate that our 
business involves more qualification orders as well as more prove -outs. Hence, we are also 
enabling the pipeline of first articles  to strengthen the future business revenues.  That will 
continue. 
To speak on the capacity  right now, though we still have some capacity to be utilized, but we 
are also seeing enough demand traction coming across. To be ready for the upcoming demand 
because customers appreciate that we have available capacity or dedicated capacity to serve 
them, we will have to plan something early  to remain in this demand cycle and to take benefit 
of the future revenues that we want to undertake. So, having said that  yes, we will be open to 
any further investments that will be needed for the business growth. 
Akshay: Okay, sir. Okay. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kishore Kumar with Unifi Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Kishore Kumar: Yes, thanks for the opportunity, sir, and good morning. So, my first question is on the tooling 
business. So, can you, can you actually help me understand how much of the revenue typically 
we get from the engine tooling versus airframe tooling? And we also have close to 5,000 SKUs. 
===== PAGE 12 of 18 =====
  Unimech Aerospace and Manufacturing Limited 
  August 04, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
So, going forward, will the growth be dependent on deepening the project that we already 
working on, or will it be actually coming from expansion of this SKUs as well as entering more 
with more customers or wallet share expansion? Just wanted to understand this growth prospects 
for the aero tooling business. 
Aakash Jaiswal: Starting with this what we see is expansion of SKUs is always beneficial for the business growth. 
Over the journey of last 10 years, if I should say, Unimech has qualified over multiple SKUs 
starting from low value, low complex products to now what we are delivering is high value, high 
complex products. So that has always been the nature and journey and this will continue. 
Going forward as you understand, there is still enough  type of product that we have to  capture 
and then address. So, this will also be one of the growth drivers in terms of SKU expansion. 
Parallelly, underlying growth in the business or in terms of the end consumer demand will also 
continue to be a factor of growth. 
Having said this, it will always be a combination. One side, Unimech will continue to expand 
its SKU base. Secondly, it's the underlying demand momentum that we'll continue to take 
advantage of. 
Kishore Kumar: Got it. And, and on the mix of engine tooling versus airframe tooling, how should I look at that 
way, actually? 
Aakash Jaiswal: See we would not want to qualify  what would be the mix because it's a very  heterogeneous 
structure to name. There has been enough number of SKUs that we have to prove, but to give 
you a very I should say an overarching statement, we are dominated with aero engine  
components or the aero engine tools that we supply right now. 
And this is going to be the meaningful chunk, but there is another opportunity on the airframe  
tooling side that we continue to explore. As we continue to add more products, we'll  let you 
know how the progress has happened. 
Kishor Kumar: Got it. Understood. So, the second question is on the precision component space. we are actually 
engaging with a lot of customers in the emerging space like semiconductors and energy. So, 
actually, how are we placed in the value chain? Are we in the Tier-4, Tier-3 category, and how 
important are we in the chain? Is there any possibility of  Unimech moving up the chain and 
directly engaging with the OEMs, if not already? 
Aakash Jaiswal: Just to clarify, we are already in the Tier -1, so we are directly dealing with the OEMs  in this 
value chain segment. In terms of when you speak on PCA, when we speak of the semiconductor 
industry, we are already in the Tier -1. Yes, in terms of aerospace, I should say, we will  largely 
fit into the Tier-2 structure. 
Rajanikanth Balaraman: In some places we are also Tier -1 in aerospace as well. There are multiple OEMs that we are 
working with where we are working directly with them. And some places it's Tier -2, and that's 
because how aerospace industry is basically structured and based on that, you have several Tier-
1s which are multi-billion-dollar Tier-1s and OEMs. 
===== PAGE 13 of 18 =====
  Unimech Aerospace and Manufacturing Limited 
  August 04, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
So, we basically operate in that space. Semiconductor largely Tier-1, and nuclear also we work 
with the OEMs are the government and nuclear power program. Sometimes with their Tier -1s 
where there is EPC involved, where we ended up working the Tier-2 space on the nuclear side. 
Kishor Kumar: Got it.  sir, on the Hobel Bellows acquisition  in the last call, you mentioned that we already 
receiving, good conversations from the existing customers on this product being cross-selling to 
the other industries. And you also said that we need some kind of qualifications  for that. So  
where are we in that, actually? And is there any more  engagements happening with other 
customers or other industries? 
Rajanikanth Balaraman: There are very good engagements that are happening, but before I basically go into that, I just 
want to educate on what the Hobel Bellows plans are. Our foundational plan is to expand in the 
same industry that we are operating, which is, you know  energy, gensets, and locomotives. So 
that's an area where A ) we would want to expand within the customer and increase the wallet 
share. B) we would want to look at other  companies in the same market and try to basically 
expand market share. 
This is the near term. In the medium term, we want to look at  for example, nuclear and other 
partners and get qualified. In the long term, we would want to basically get qualified in programs 
like aerospace, semiconductor, but we also understand that  this is a higher qualification. There 
is AS9100, there is NADCAP approvals, then you basically get them onboarded. There is a long 
term for them to basically share RFQs, then you work with the team and for each of the process, 
there are qualification cycles. 
So, that's largely that takes a longer time. Having said that  there have been a couple customers 
that we are working in the same space that we are operating and potentially that that is actually 
turning into good discussions. We've also started having conversations with  you know, nuclear 
and started the engagement with our aerospace customers, but we are also telling them that  the 
required certifications and all of that will happen and the engagements have started. 
Kishor Kumar: Got it, sir. Thank you so much. All the best, sir. 
Moderator: Our next question  comes from the line of Chirag Kalantri with Nuvama Wealth Management 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Chirag Kalantri: Thanks a lot management for this call.  My question is regarding how is the nuclear order book 
outlook ahead and what will be the percentage of  nuclear orders two years down the line? And 
also, comparing it with aerospace and semiconductor business, how is the EBITDA margins  
looking in nuclear business? 
Aakash Jaiswal: Okay. So right now, we have nuclear orders worth INR87 crores. I should say close to around 
50% of the existing order book to be executed in this financial year, but largely this will happen 
in the second half of this financial year. For the new opportunities, as we have understood, there 
is four new nuclear reactors coming up in the space and we are eyeing that opportunity also. 
Obviously, there has been enough qualifications which enables us to participate in those  
programs and also with the previous  participation on the tenders, we see  that that can be a 
===== PAGE 14 of 18 =====
  Unimech Aerospace and Manufacturing Limited 
  August 04, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
stronger opportunity. On the overall margin front, we would like to maintain that we don't want 
to disclose margins on each businesses rather than only on a consolidated basis. 
And on a consolidated basis, as we had always indicated  we being a margin-focused business, 
we will continue to see  30%-32% plus margins. However, this financial year, we are seeing a 
better performance. So, close to around 34%-35% of margins is what we will be able to deliver 
for this financial year. 
Chirag Kalantri: Okay. Thanks, thanks a lot. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Charchit Maloo with Genuity Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Charchit Maloo: Hi, sir. Thanks a lot for the opportunity. My first question is regarding Hobel. So, in Q1, what 
was the revenue from Hobel and what was the margin from this? 
Aakash Jaiswal: Though we can discuss on the revenue, but as we maintained on the margins going forward as a 
policy, we will not want to disclose a margin separately for each business. On the consolidated 
business, we have done 36.5% of quarterly EBITDA margins this quart er. In terms of revenue, 
I should say, for the two months, it has contributed close to around INR22 crores. 
Charchit Maloo: And going forward, we are going to maintain the same kind of growth in FY26 and FY28 from 
this segment? 
Aakash Jaiswal: Yes. So, what we see in this business, growth can be closer to 15%-20% that we understand. But 
we are also at a stage when we are integrating this business and it might be, can be qualified as 
a premature growth indication. But on an understanding basis, yes. 
Rajanikanth Balaraman: I mean, just historically speaking, between last year to now, this year, it's been about 15%-20% 
growth. 
Charchit Maloo: Understood. And in the earlier few calls, we have mentioned that the other income will be 
normalized going forward. So, like, are we still intact on that? Or like FY27? 
Aakash Jaiswal: Yes, you have already seen quarter one to other incomes to come down. This was largely because 
our investable funds have also reduced because we have acquired the new business. Going 
forward in quarter two onwards, you will see a much lesser other income from here on. 
Charchit Maloo: So, we will see like, YoY, like decreasing other income, right? 
Aakash Jaiswal: So, last year, we did closer on INR46 crores. Obviously, quarter one has still been on a higher 
side in terms of other income that we delivered. But going forward in quarter two, you can expect 
actually half the number of what we did in quarter one. 
Charchit Maloo: Great. Understood, sir. Just one last question… 
Rajanikanth Balaraman: This is actually a good thing considering that, you know, the funds are being deployed in the 
right place, rather than sitting in treasury. 
===== PAGE 15 of 18 =====
  Unimech Aerospace and Manufacturing Limited 
  August 04, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Charchit Maloo: Understood, sir. So, just one quick question. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sajal Kapoor with Antifragile Thinking. 
Please go ahead. 
Sajal Kapoor: Yes, thank you for taking my questions. I've only got two. First, you now have more than 6,300 
qualified SKUs and are targeting a significant increase in FAIs this year.  So, of the SKUs 
qualified over the last two to three years, what proportion have actually converted into recurring 
serial production orders? And is that conversion rate improving with each qualification cohort? 
That's my first question. 
Rajanikanth Balaraman: Thank you, Sejal. So, on the SKUs, the SKU number that you quoted is a combination of all our 
businesses together. That is tooling, efficient components, and everything else, right? And then 
when you ask about serial production, it's largely PCA business, which is serial production. And 
tooling business is more of, depending upon what is required, that gets ordered, right? 
So, a large part of that 5,500 that you spoke about largely belongs to tooling. The PCA business 
is a very young business, right? It's an 18 -month-old business. And what we are seeing there is 
that most of the qualified things are actually moving into serial production. I would say 80% of 
the PCA qualified parts are moving into serial production. 
Sajal Kapoor: Thank you. Second question I have is related to the asset terms and the ROCE. So, as utilization 
improves from roughly 50% towards 60% and beyond, working capital days may simultaneously 
increase from 120, 125 days to maybe 150, 160 days. 
So, what should investors expect this combination to do to the incremental ROCE over the next 
two to three years?  And at what utilization level should the investments already being  made 
producing materially higher asset turns and ROCE? 
Aakash Jaiswal:  Sure. So, just to relate to the asset turn number, we are slightly over two times of asset turn with 
the current delivery. What we see the current investments or capex is able to deliver anywhere 
lesser than three times of asset turn. But just let me qualify one more thing. 
Historically, aero tooling as a segment has always provided a better asset turns. However, since 
we are moving aggressively into the precision component side, there we expect a two times of 
asset turns. So, hence, on a two to three year basis, we can expect asset turns roughly between a 
2.5% to 3% or more likely closer to a two and a half times to say so. 
Sajal Kapoor: And ROCE, sir? 
Aaksh Jaiswal:  And ROCE, right now, as we indicated, it was close to around 15%, 16%. And this will remain 
for this calendar year also. As the utilization improves, this can go up to or beyond 20%, 21%. 
Sajal Kapoor: Best wishes. Thank you so much. Yes, that's helpful. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the Dev Thacker with ithought PMS. Please go ahead. 
===== PAGE 16 of 18 =====
  Unimech Aerospace and Manufacturing Limited 
  August 04, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Dev Thacker: Thank you for the opportunity, sir. So, I wanted to understand the agreement we signed with 
FACC. Like you mentioned that as of now, this order is around USD7.5 million. So, what could 
be the scope of this order maybe going to three years down the line? 
Rajanikanth Balaraman:  Sorry, the question is what could be the scope of? 
Dev Thacker: Scope of the agreement we signed with FACC for the aerostructure components two, three years 
down the line. 
Rajanikanth Balaraman:  Okay. You mean in terms of revenue? 
Dev Thacker: Yes, in terms of revenue, in terms of longer-term scope? 
Rajanikanth Balaraman:  Sure. Okay. Firstly, typically, when you sign a particular, agreement, it's for that particular wave 
of RFQs and the win that you had on that. But as you know, one of the things that's happening 
in the order book is, can you hear me? Okay. But as you can see in terms of order book, there is 
newer RFQs that come in and newer programs that come in  and typically, the kind of revenue 
that you are going to basically make keeps increasing. 
The second part is that from a qualifications perspective, getting qualified across OEMs enables 
us to basically get new business.  So, from that perspective, this opens doors for us to basically 
not just with FACC but also work across other tier ones and the OEMs that we are basically 
getting qualified. 
Dev Thacker: Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Harshit Chheda with Centra Insights LLP. 
Please go ahead. 
Harshit Chheda: Congratulations personally on the amazing results. My first question is, as Unimech already 
entered into talks with the leap engine OEMs? And if yes, how much are you expecting to benefit 
from it? 
Aakash Jaiswal: Can you repeat the question, please? 
Harshit Chheda: All right. As Unimech already entered into talks with leap engine OEMs and how much do you 
expect to benefit from it? 
Rajanikanth Balaraman: So, we are hesitant to basically talk about specific customers because, we are bound by 
confidentiality agreements that we cannot actually talk about any particular  OEM. And like on 
the tooling side, it's the licensees who basically, for specifically leap engine that you are talking 
about, licensees are the ones with whom Unimech works in where Unimech works in the Tier -
2 side where leap engine OEM is basically, OEM and then there's a Tier-1. 
And typically, we work with the Tier -1. And in the tooling business, that's largely PO to PO 
business. But we have made progress in the sense that we have signed agreements and forecasted 
orders for engine stands that is ongoing. 
===== PAGE 17 of 18 =====
  Unimech Aerospace and Manufacturing Limited 
  August 04, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Harshit Chheda: All right. And my second question is, is there any plans to expand into the MRO sector in India? 
Aakash Jaiswal:  I believe this would be early to say, but always on a longer -term vision, that is  an intent. 
Whenever there is a large opportunity under the MRO, we will be one of the first  movers 
considering our 10 years of experience into this MRO tooling manufacturing segment. 
Rajanikanth Balaraman: While that's an overarching statement, what I want to basically qualify is that when there is 
actually MRO activity, new MROs that has been set up, Unimech has been at the forefront of it. 
For example, in the past, when we had, the Safran HAL MRO that happened in Goa, we basically 
supported them with a large set of tooling, over 100 toolings that basically gets deployed for the 
helicopter MRO. 
Similarly, any new MRO activity that happens in India or across the world, we work with our 
licensees to make sure that we are able to supply some of them, both in India and across the 
globe. 
Harshit Chheda: All right. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bhavesh Bhatia, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Bhavesh Bhatia: Good morning, team. Thank you for the opportunity. I have a question regarding the potential 
imposition of 100% tariffs by the U.S. on India. So, could you please provide an analysis of the 
impact on our revenues, ordering flows, and EBITDA margins? And additionally, I would like 
to understand the management strategy to mitigate the risk associated with this potential 
scenario. 
Aakash Jaiswal:  Bhavesh, as this being a very grey matter and it continues to undergo change, which each day 
which we are reading, it will be very difficult to quantify. But however, what we can say, we are 
enabling enough mitigants around this. There was last year when we were seeing consequences 
or issues arising because of tariffs, we had initiated a free trade warehouse. 
Mitigant that, which will enable us or our customers to continue the delivery schedule as 
planned. So, all these mitigants are there for us to insulate around the tariffs. 
Rajanikanth Balaraman:  And then if you see the newer engagements that we are having, including the FCC agreement, 
has been largely with European customers  and we continue to do that. And there's obviously 
Saudi Arabia, where we are setting up the manufacturing footprint, which hedges these kinds of 
risks. And we will continue to keep doing that. 
This is a very, very fluid situation. It's evolving and we  are figuring things out as it basically 
happens. But from a long-term perspective, we are setting up enough hedges against a similar 
volatility. 
Bhavesh Bhatia: Got it. So, my second question is, the board has approved a fundraising plan for the QIP method. 
So, I would like to know how the funds will be utilized. 
===== PAGE 18 of 18 =====
  Unimech Aerospace and Manufacturing Limited 
  August 04, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Aakash Jaiswal: Yes, Bhavesh. So, what we have in place is a board resolution which to raise up to INR750 
crores. So, the objective for this initiation is, I would like to call it, this is primarily to provide 
flexibility as we work towards the achieving of our minimum public shareholding, which is due 
in the next 18 months. That being one of the reasons. 
Secondly, as we also see enough demand tailwinds in the business, we don't want to miss this 
cycle. We want to be early to call for  and additionally, with the more capacity and capability 
development that is required in the business, we will continue to work around. 
We let the market and as well as the street to know when this capacity or capability expansion 
will be required. But to just summarize, this is an enabling resolution that provides a strategic 
flexibility. It should not be interpreted as an immediate fundraising.  However we keep on 
continuously evaluating our requirements and we will let the street know about our plans. 
Bhavesh Bhatia:  I understand, sir. But is there any plan to do an M&A or inorganic acquisitions? 
Aakash Jaiswal: See, the growth opportunity serves on both the segments, it's organic as well as inorganic. In 
case of capabilities that you have to build up, inorganic is always the best way to do it. Similarly, 
as I mentioned, enough demand inquiries have been coming, w e will have to commit to new 
capacity as and when our customers would. 
So, on both the fronts, we are open. There would be, and as I indicated, immediate fundraiser is 
not there on the card, but as and when it will be required, we will let the street know what the 
plans for the business are. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Anil for the closing remarks. Thank you and over to your table. 
Anil Kumar Puttan: Thank you everyone for joining us today and for your continued trust and support. As we 
progress through FY27, our focus remains on disciplined execution, strengthening customer 
relationships, investing ahead of demand, and creating sustainable long -term value for all our 
stakeholders. 
The momentum we are witnessing across our businesses combined with our growing capabilities 
and strategic initiatives gives us confidence in the opportunities ahead. We look forward to 
updating you on our progress in the coming quarters. Thank you and have a great day. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Anand Rathi, that concludes today's 
conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings. Since it is a 
transcription, it may contain transcription errors. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has 
been made to ensure a high level of accuracy 