[page 1]
 
 
31st August, 2026 
  
To 
The General Manager 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 544253 
To 
The General Manager 
Department of Corporate Services 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol: KROSS 
 
ISIN: INE0O6601022 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Sub: Submission of Postal Ballot Notice 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith 
the Postal Ballot Notice (‘Notice’) of Kross Limited (‘Company’) dated 31st August 2026 
along with the Explanatory Statement pursuant to applicable provisions of the Companies 
Act, 2013 read with the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, seeking approval of the Members 
of the Company for following matter by way of remote electronic voting only (‘e-voting’): - 
 
1. ISSUE OF EQUITY SHARES ON PREFERENTIAL BASIS. 
2. ISSUE OF CONVERTIBLE WARRANTS ON PREFERENTIAL BASIS 
 
Further, the Notice is also available at the website of the Company i.e. www.krosslimited.com  
In accordance with applicable laws and circulars issued by MCA and SEBI, the said Notice is 
being sent electronically on Monday, August 31, 2026 to all the members of the Company 
whose names appear in the register of members / register of beneficial owners maintained by 
the depositories as on Friday, August 21, 2026 (“Cut-off date”) and whose email IDs are 
registered with the Company/ RTA / depositories/ depository participants. The 
communication of assent/ dissent of the members on the special resolution proposed in the 
Notice will take place through the remote e-voting system only. 
 
The Company has appointed National Securities Depository Limited (“NSDL”) for 
facilitating e-voting to enable the members to cast their votes electronically. The remote 
e-voting period shall commence on Tuesday, September 01, 2026, at 9:00 a.m. (IST) and shall 
end on Wednesday, September 30, 2026, at 5:00 p.m. (IST) (both days inclusive). 
 
 

[page 2]
 
 
 
The results of the postal ballot shall be announced on or before Saturday, October 03, 2026. 
Further, the voting results along with the scrutinizer's report shall be uploaded on the website 
of the Company i.e. www.krosslimited.com and NSDL i.e. https://nsdl.com/ and shall also be 
communicated to and uploaded on the websites of BSE Ltd. i.e. www.bseindia.com and 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. i.e. www.nseindia.com. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
       For Kross Limited 
 
 
____________________________ 
Debolina Karmakar 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
Membership No.: ACS 62738 
DEBOLINA 
KARMAKAR
Digitally signed by 
DEBOLINA KARMAKAR 
Date: 2026.08.31 
18:41:00 +05'30'

[page 3]
 
Kross Limited 
Registered Office: M-4 Phase VI, Gamharia, Adityapur Industrial Area, Jamshedpur, Jharkhand, 832108. 
CIN No. : L29100JH1991PLC004465   
Mob.: 0657-2203812, Email: cs@krossindia.com, Website: www.krosslimited.com 
NOTICE OF POSTAL BALLOT 
[Pursuant to Section 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rules 20 and 22 of the Companies (Management 
and Administration) Rules, 2014 as amended] 
To, 
The Members, 
Kross Limited, 
Notice is hereby given pursuant to Section 108 read with Section 110 and other applicable provisions, if any, 
of the Companies Act, 2013 (the ‘Act’) read with Rule 20 and 22 of the Companies (Management and 
Administration) Rules, 2014, as amended (the ‘Rules’), (including any statutory modification(s) or re-
enactment thereof for the time being in force), Regulation 44 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing Regulations’), as amended, 
Secretarial Standards on General Meetings issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India (‘SS-2’), as 
amended and the relaxations and clarifications issued by Ministry of Corporate Affairs (‘MCA’) vide General 
Circular Nos. 14/2020 dated April 08, 2020, 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020, and subsequent circulars issued 
in this regard, the latest being 03/2025 dated September 22, 2025 (“MCA Circulars”), that the resolutions 
appended below are proposed to be passed by way of Postal Ballot through electronic means (‘remote e-
voting’) by the members of M/s. Kross Limited (“the Company”) through Postal Ballot, by way of remote 
electronic postal ballot (“Postal Ballot”) by voting through electronic means (“E-voting”) only. 
In terms of the requirements specified in MCA Circulars the Notice is being sent in electronic mode only to 
those Members whose e-mail addresses are registered with the Company/Depositories. Accordingly, physical 
copy of the Notice along with Postal Ballot form and pre-paid business reply envelope are not being sent to 
the Members for this Postal Ballot. The communication of the assent or dissent of the Members would only 
take place through the remote e-voting system. 
In compliance with Regulation 44 of the SEBI Listing Regulations and pursuant to the provisions of Section 
108 and Section 110 of the Act read with the Rules, the MCA Circulars and SS-2, the Company is providing 
remote e-voting facility to its Members, to enable them to cast their votes electronically. The Company has 
engaged the services of National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL), for the purpose of providing remote 
e-voting facility to its members. The instructions for remote e-voting are appended to this Notice. The details 
for e-voting are: 
Commencement of remote e-voting 
Conclusion of remote e-voting 
Tuesday, September 1, 2026 from 9:00 a.m. (IST) 
Wednesday, September 30, 2026 till 5.00 p.m. (IST)
 
Members are requested to carefully read the instructions provided in the Notice and record their assent (FOR) 
or dissent (AGAINST) only through the remote e-voting process by following the procedure as stated in the 
said instructions. The remote e-voting will not be allowed beyond the aforesaid date and time, and the remote 
e-voting module shall be disabled by NSDL upon expiry of the aforesaid period. 
 

[page 4]
The Board of Directors of the Company, at its meeting held on Monday, August 31, 2026 has appointed Mr. 
Sital Prasad Swain, Practising Company Secretaries (Membership No – F6338 Certificate of Practice No – 
6814), as the Scrutinizer for conducting the remote e-voting process in a fair and transparent manner through 
Postal Ballot. 
The Scrutinizer will submit his Report, to the Chairperson of the Company (“Chairperson”) or to any other 
person authorized by the Chairperson upon completion of scrutiny of E-Voting data provided by NSDL, in a 
fair and transparent manner. The Results on the resolution proposed to be passed through Postal Ballot/E-
Voting shall be announced on or before Saturday, October 03, 2026 at the Registered Office of the Company. 
The results along with the scrutinizer’s report will be displayed on the Company’s website and will be 
communicated to stock exchange, i.e. National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) and Bombay Stock Exchange 
(BSE) where Equity Shares of the Company are listed. 
In accordance with Secretarial Standards on General Meetings (SS-2), issued by the Institute of Company 
Secretaries of India, if approved with requisite majority, the Resolutions shall be deemed to have been passed 
on the last date for the voting period i.e., Wednesday, September 30, 2026. 
The proposed resolution and explanatory statement pertaining to the respective resolution pursuant to 
Section 102(1) and other applicable provisions of the Act read with the Rules setting out all the material facts 
concerning the resolutions mentioned in this Postal Ballot Notice and reasons thereof, is appended herewith 
for your consideration is as follows: 
SPECIAL BUSINESS: 
ITEM NO.1:  
ISSUE OF EQUITY SHARES ON PREFERENTIAL BASIS: 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or without modification, the following resolution as a Special 
Resolution: 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Sections 23, 42, 62(1)(c) and other relevant Articles of the Articles of 
Association of the Company and the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (including any modification or re-
enactment thereof) read with applicable provisions of Articles of Association of the Company and upon 
recommendation of the Board of Directors (hereinafter referred to as “the Board”, which term shall also 
include the existing Committee of Directors thereof) and pursuant to all applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013, Chapter V of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2018 (“the SEBI Regulations”) as in force, the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Substantial Acquisitions of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011, as amended (“Takeover 
Regulations”), subject to all applicable laws and in accordance with all relevant provisions of the 
Memorandum 
and 
Articles 
of 
Association 
of 
the 
Company 
and 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Rules/Regulations/Guidelines, if any, prescribed by SEBI (including any statutory modification(s) or re-
enactments thereof, for the time being in force) and the provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 as amended and currently in force 
and subject to any necessary approval(s), consents, permissions and sanctions, if any, as may be required 
from Government of India, State Government, Reserve Bank of India, SEBI, the respective stock exchanges 
where the equity shares of the Company are listed (“Stock Exchanges”), Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA), 
Registrar of Companies and/or any other appropriate statutory regulatory authorities, government 
authorities or departments, institutions or bodies as may be required (‘Concerned Authorities’), in this regard 
and subject to such conditions as may be prescribed by any of them while granting any such approval(s), 
consent(s), permission(s) and/or sanction(s) and which may be agreed to by the Board of Director of the 
Company (‘the Board’) (which term shall be deemed to include any committee which the Board may have 
constituted or hereinafter constitute to exercise its powers including the powers conferred by this resolution) 
the consent of the members of the Company be and is hereby accorded to the Board, to create, issue, offer and 
allot up to 15,00,000 (Fifteen lakhs) equity shares of face value of Rs. 5/- each (the “Equity Shares”), fully paid-
up, on a preferential basis (such issue of Equity Shares by the Company, the “Preferential Issue”), at the issue 
price of Rs. 212/- (Rupees Two Hundred and Twelve only) per Equity Share, including share premium of Rs. 
207/- (Rupees Two hundred and Seven only) per equity share, aggregating up to Rs. 31,80,00,000/- (Rupees 
Thirty One Crore and Eighty Lakhs only) determined in accordance with the relevant provisions of Chapter V 

[page 5]
of SEBI ICDR Regulations, in such manner and on such other terms and conditions, as may be approved or 
finalized by the Board to the following investors, in terms of the SEBI ICDR Regulations (the “Proposed 
Allottee(s)”), as detailed herein below and as more particularly mentioned in the explanatory statement 
setting out material facts on preferential basis: 
Sr. No.
Name of the Proposed Allottees
Category of the 
Proposed Allottees 
Maximum No. of the  
Shares proposed to be  
Allotted  
1
Rathore Gauravraj Singh Vijaysingh
Non-Promoter
5,00,000
2
Dhruv Agarwal
Non-Promoter
5,00,000
3
Saroj V Rathore
Non-Promoter
3,00,000
4
Richa Gauravraj Singh Rathore
Non-Promoter
2,00,000
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in terms of the provisions of Chapter V of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the  
relevant date for determining the floor price for the Preferential Issue of the Equity Shares is Monday, 31st 
August, 2026, being the date 30 days prior to the date of passing of this resolution being the last date of remote 
e-voting i.e. September 30, 2026. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the offer, issue and allotment of the aforesaid Equity Shares to the Proposed 
Allottees, shall be subject to applicable guidelines, notifications, rules and regulations and on the terms and 
conditions given herein below: 
 
a. An amount equivalent to 100% (Hundred Percent) of the consideration shall be paid by the proposed 
allottees on or before the date of allotment of Equity Shares. The Investor shall make payment of Issue 
Price of Equity Shares from their own bank account into the designated bank account of the Company. 
 
b. The Equity Shares shall be allotted within a period 15 days from the date of passing the special resolution 
by the members OR after receiving in-principle approval letter from stock exchanges, whichever is later, 
provided that where the allotment of Shares is subject to receipts of any approval or permission from any 
regulatory or Government of India, the allotment shall be completed within a period of 15 days from the 
date of receipts of last date of such approvals or permission. 
 
c. The “Relevant Date” pursuant to Regulation 161 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of 
Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018 in relation to the above-mentioned Preferential 
Issue, shall be Monday, August 31, 2026 which is a date 30 days prior to the date of passing of this 
resolution being the last date of remote e-voting i.e. September 30, 2026.  
 
d. The price of each equity share to be issued is Rs. 212/- per share as calculated in accordance with the 
provisions of 164 of Chapter V of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018.  
 
e. The Equity shares issued and allotted shall be subject to lock-in for such period as prescribed under the 
SEBI (ICDR) Regulations.  
 
f. The Equity share will be listed and traded on the NSE Limited (“NSE”) and BSE Limited (“BSE”) where the 
existing shares of the Company are currently listed, subject to the receipt of necessary permissions and 
approvals from the exchange.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Equity Shares proposed to be so allotted shall rank pari-passu in all respects 
including as to dividend, with the existing fully paid up Equity Shares of face value of Re.5/- (Rupees Five 
only) each of the Company and shall subject to the relevant provisions contained in the Memorandum of 
Association and Articles of Association of the Company; 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the monies received by the Company from the Investors for Equity Shares 
pursuant to this preferential issue shall be kept by the Company in a separate bank account opened by the 
Company for this purpose and shall be utilized by the Company in accordance with the provisions of the Act; 
 

[page 6]
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized to decide and approve other terms and 
conditions of the issue of Equity Shares and shall also be entitled to vary, modify or alter any of the terms and 
conditions, as it may deem fit, however subject to the compliance with the applicable guidelines, notifications, 
rules and regulations; 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorised to accept the terms, conditions, 
modifications and stipulations as the GOI, SEBI or Stock Exchanges or any other regulatory authority may 
stipulate while granting approval to the Company for issue of the Equity Shares as aforesaid; 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board is hereby authorised to take necessary steps for listing of the equity 
shares proposed to be issued on Stock Exchanges, where the Company’s shares are listed, as per the terms 
and conditions of the Listing Agreement, and in accordance with such other guidelines, rules and regulations 
as may be applicable with regard to such listing; 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to this resolution, the Board be and is hereby 
authorised to take such steps and to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as the Board may, in its 
absolute discretion, deem necessary, expedient, usual, proper, incidental or desirable and to settle any 
question, difficulties or doubts that may arise in this regard and in regard to the implementation of this 
resolution for issue, allotment equity shares and utilization of the issue proceeds, to prescribe the forms of 
applications, enter and execute all such deeds, documents, agreements or other instruments, and to take such 
actions/directions as they may consider as being necessary or desirable and to obtain any approval, 
permissions, sanctions which may be necessary or desirable as they may deem fit, without being required to 
seek any further consent or approval of the members of the Company to the intent that the members shall be 
deemed to have given their approval thereto expressly by the authority of this resolution; 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors and/or the Company Secretary of the Company be and 
are hereby authorized severally to sign and file the necessary e-forms with the Registrar of Companies, 
Gujarat and to delegate all or any of the powers herein conferred by this resolution to any Committee of 
Directors or any one or more Directors/Officials of the Company to give effect to this resolution.” 
 
ITEM NO.2: 
 
ISSUE OF CONVERTIBLE WARRANTS ON PREFERENTIAL BASIS: 
 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or without modification, the following resolution as a Special 
Resolution: 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of sections 23, 42, 62(1)(c), and other applicable provisions of 
the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) read with the Companies (Prospectus and Allotment of Securities) Rules, 
2014 and the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014, as amended, (including any statutory 
modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force), the Memorandum and Articles of 
Association of the Company, , Chapter V of the the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018, as amended (“ICDR Regulations”), the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisitions of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011, as amended 
(“Takeover Regulations”), the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations’) and the policies, rules, regulations, guidelines, 
notifications and circulars, if any, issued by the Government of India or any other competent authority, as may 
be necessary, the provisions of all other applicable rules, regulations, notifications, circulars, directions, 
guidelines and clarifications issued by the Reserve Bank of India (“RBI”) from time to time including the 
Reserve Bank of India (“RBI”), all other applicable laws, rules, regulations, notifications, guidelines, circulars 
and clarifications issued by various authorities including but not limited to the Government of India (“GOI”), 
including RBI, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”); National Stock Exchange (“NSE”), Bombay 
Stock Exchange of India (“BSE”) and other stock exchanges (“Stock Exchanges”) where the equity shares of 
the Company are listed and subject to the necessary approval(s), consent(s), permissions(s) and/or 
sanction(s), if any, of the appropriate authorities, including but not limited to the GOI, RBI, SEBI, MCA, Stock 

[page 7]
Exchange(s) etc.), institutions or bodies as may be required, and subject to such conditions as may be 
prescribed by any of them while granting any such approval(s), consent(s), permission(s) and/or sanction(s) 
and which may be agreed to by the Board of Director of the Company (‘the Board’) (which term shall be 
deemed to include any committee which the Board may have constituted or hereinafter constitute to exercise 
its powers including the powers conferred by this resolution), the consent of the members of the company be 
and is hereby accorded to create, issue, offer and allot, from time to time in one or more tranches, up to 
15,00,000 (Fifteen Lakh) Convertible Warrants (‘Warrants’) of face value of Rs. 5/- each on a preferential 
basis, for cash, at an issue price of Rs. 212/- (Rupees Two Hundred and Twelve only) per Equity Share, 
including share premium of Rs. 207/- (Rupees Two hundred and Seven only) per warrant, which is not lesser 
than the price determined in accordance with Chapter V of the SEBI ICDR Regulation, aggregating up to Rs. 
31,80,00,000/- (Rupees Thirty One Crore and Eighty Lakhs only) to the proposed allottees of the Company 
(hereinafter referred to as the “Proposed Allottees/Warrant holder”) as more particularly mentioned in the 
explanatory statement setting out material facts on preferential basis (Preferential Allotment), entitling the 
warrant holders to exercise in one or more tranches during the period, within 18 (Eighteen) months from the 
date of allotment, to the proposed allottees mentioned below hereunder, subject to applicable laws and 
regulations, including the provisions of Chapter V of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Act, as the Board may 
determine (the “Preferential Issue): 
 
Sr No. 
Name of the Proposed Allottees 
Category of the 
Proposed Allottees 
Maximum No. of the Warrants 
to be Allotted   
1
Sumeet Rai
Promoter
7,50,000
2
Kunal Rai
Promoter
7,50,000
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in terms of the provisions of Chapter V of ICDR Regulations including Regulation 
161, the “Relevant Date” for determining the Floor Price of Warrants shall be Monday, August 31, 2026, being 
the date 30 days prior to the date on which the resolution of the shareholders of the Company is deemed to 
have been passed, i.e., Wednesday, September 30, 2026; being the last date for voting through postal ballot; 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT without prejudice to the generality of the above, the issue of the Warrants shall 
be subject to the following terms and conditions apart from the other terms and conditions as prescribed 
under applicable laws:  
 
a. Each Warrant is convertible into One (1) Equity Share and the conversion can be exercised by warrant 
holder(s), at any time during the period of Eighteen (18) months from the date of allotment of Convertible 
Warrants, in one or more tranches, as the case may be and on such other terms and conditions as 
applicable; 
 
b. In accordance with the provisions of Chapter V of ICDR Regulations, Convertible Warrant subscription 
price equivalent to 25% of the issue price will be payable at the time of subscription and allotment of 
Convertible Warrants, which would be adjusted by the Company and appropriated against the issue price 
of the resultant Equity Shares. The balance 75% of the Warrant issue price shall be payable by the warrant 
holder(s) at the time of exercising conversion of Convertible Warrants; 
 
c. The respective Warrant holder shall make payment of Warrant price from their own bank account into to 
the designated bank account of the Company; 
 
d. The price of each equity share to be issued is Rs. 212/- per share as calculated in accordance with the 
provisions of 164 of Chapter V of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018 
 
e. The Warrants shall be exercised in a manner that shall be in compliance with the minimum public 
shareholding norms prescribed for the Company under the Listing Regulations and the Securities Contract 
(Regulation) Rules, 1957; 
 

[page 8]
f. The Warrants themselves until converted into Equity Shares, does not give to the Warrant Holder any 
rights (including any dividend or voting rights) in the Company in respect of such Warrants; 
 
g. The Equity Shares to be so allotted upon the exercise of the Warrants shall be in dematerialized form and 
shall be subject to the provisions of the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company and shall 
rank pari-passu in all respect including dividend, with the existing Equity Shares of the Company; 
 
h. The Company shall re-compute the price of the Warrants/ Equity Shares issued upon exercise of the 
Warrants in terms of the ICDR Regulations, where it is required to do so and the differential price, if any, 
shall be required to be paid by such Warrant Holders to the Company in accordance with the provisions of 
the ICDR Regulations; 
 
i. The said Warrants by themselves until exercise of conversion option and Equity Shares allotted, does not 
give to the Warrant holder any rights with respect to that of the Shareholders of the Company; 
 
j. The allotment of Warrants pursuant to this resolution shall be completed within a period of 15 (fifteen) 
days from the passing of special resolution by the Members, provided that, where the allotment pursuant 
to aforesaid resolution is pending on account of pendency of any approval for such allotment by any 
regulatory authority or the Central Government, the allotment shall be completed within a period of 15 
(fifteen) days from the date of receipt of last of such approval(s); 
 
k. The allotment of the Equity Shares pursuant to exercise of Warrants shall be completed within a period of 
15 (Fifteen) days from the date of such exercise by the allottee; and warrants so allotted shall not be sold, 
transferred, hypothecated, or encumbered in any manner during the period of lock in provided under SEBI 
ICDR Regulations except to the extent and in the manner permitted there under; 
 
l. In the event that, a Warrant holder does not exercise the Warrants within a period of 18 (Eighteen) months 
from the date of allotment of such Warrants, the unexercised Warrants shall lapse, and the amount paid 
by the Warrant holders on such Warrants shall stand forfeited by Company; 
 
m. The Convertible Warrants and the Equity Shares being allotted pursuant to exercise of such Convertible 
Warrants shall be subject to a lock-in for such period as specified under applicable provisions of SEBI 
(ICDR) Regulations. 
 
n. The Company shall procure the listing and trading approvals for the resulting Equity Shares to be issued 
and allotted to the Warrant Holders upon exercise of the Warrants from the relevant Stock Exchanges in 
accordance with the ICDR Regulations and the Listing Regulations. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Equity Shares proposed to be so allotted upon conversion of aforesaid 
Warrants shall rank pari-passu in all respects including as to dividend, with the existing fully paid up Equity 
Shares of face value of Re. 5/- (Rupees Five only) each of the Company and shall subject to the relevant 
provisions contained in the Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association of the Company. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the monies received by the Company from the Investors for Equity Warrants 
pursuant to this preferential issue shall be kept by the Company in a separate bank account opened by the 
Company for this purpose and shall be utilized by the Company in accordance with the provisions of the Act. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorised to decide and approve other terms and 
conditions of the issue of warrants and shall also be entitled to vary, modify or alter any of the terms and 
conditions, as it may deem fit, however subject to the compliance with the applicable guidelines, notifications, 
rules and regulations. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorised to accept the terms, conditions, 
modifications and stipulations as the GOI, SEBI or Stock Exchanges or any other regulatory authority may 
stipulate while granting approval to the Company for issue of the warrants as aforesaid. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board is hereby authorised to take necessary steps for listing of the equity 
shares proposed to be issued on conversion of these warrants on Stock Exchange where the Company’s shares 

[page 9]
are listed, as per the terms and conditions of the Listing Agreement and in accordance with such other 
guidelines, rules and regulations as may be applicable with regard to such listing. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to this resolution, the Board be and is hereby 
authorised to take such steps and to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as the Board may, in its 
absolute discretion, deem necessary, expedient, usual, proper, incidental or desirable and to settle any 
question, difficulties or doubts that may arise in this regard and in regard to the implementation of this 
resolution for issue, allotment warrants and utilization of the issue proceeds, to prescribe the forms of 
applications, enter and execute all such deeds, documents, agreements or other instruments and to take such 
actions/directions as they may consider as being necessary or desirable and to obtain any approval, 
permissions, sanctions which may be necessary or desirable as they may deem fit, without being required to 
seek any further consent or approval of the members of the Company to the intent that the members shall be 
deemed to have given their approval thereto expressly by the authority of this resolution. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any of the Director of the Company be and are hereby authorized severally to 
sign and file the necessary e-forms with the Registrar of Companies, Jharkhand and to delegate all or any of 
the powers herein conferred by this resolution to any Committee of Directors or any one or more 
Directors/Officials of the Company to give effect to this resolution.” 
 
Date: 31/08/2026 
Place:  Jamshedpur 
 
By the order of the Board
 
For, KROSS LIMITED
REGISTERED OFFICE:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
M-4, Phase VI, 
Adityapur Industrial Area 
Jamshedpur - 832108 
Jharkhand
Sd/- 
 
Sudhir Rai  
Chairman and Managing Director            
DIN: 00512423 
 
 
Notes:- 
 
The Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 and 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) read 
with Rule 22 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 (“the Rules”), as amended, 
setting out the material facts is annexed hereto and forms part of this Postal Ballot Notice (“Notice”). 
 
Members may note that the Postal Ballot Notice is available on the website of the Company at 
www.krosslimited.com The Postal Ballot Notice can also be accessed from the websites of the Stock 
Exchange, i.e. NSE Platform at www.nseindia.com and BSE Platform at www.bseindia.com respectively. 
The Postal Ballot Notice is also available on the website of National Securities Depository Limited (agency 
for providing the Remote e-Voting facility) at https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/. 
 
The Board of Directors has appointed Mr. Sital Prasad Swain, Practising Company Secretaries 
(Membership No – F6338 Certificate of Practice No – 6814 as a Scrutinizer to scrutinize the postal ballot 
process in a fair and transparent manner. 
 
In accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, read with Rules made thereunder and 
Circulars issued by Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) the Notice of Postal Ballot is being sent only by 
email to all the Members and other persons so entitled and who have registered their email addresses with 
the Depository Participant (“DPs”)/Company’s Registrar and Transfer Agent (“RTA”) or the Company for 
this purpose. Members of the Company holding shares in dematerialized form as on cut-off date i.e. August 
21, 2026 will receive the Notice through electronic mode. 
 
A Member cannot exercise his/her vote by proxy on postal ballot. However, Institutional/Corporate 
Members (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) intending to authorize their representatives for the 
purpose of voting are required to send a certified copy of the Board Resolution/Authorization etc. 
authorizing their representatives to vote on their behalf to the Scrutinizer by email at 
spsoffice77@gmail.com with a copy marked to investors@krossindia.com . 

[page 10]
 
Members are requested to intimate changes, if any, pertaining to their name, postal address, email address, 
telephone/mobile numbers, Permanent Account Number (‘PAN’), mandates, nominations, power of 
attorney, bank details such as, name of the bank and branch details, bank account number, MICR code, IFSC 
code, etc. 
 
For shares held in electronic form: to their Depository Participants (“DPs”); 
 
The Resolution if approved with requisite majority by the Members through Postal Ballot shall be deemed 
to have been passed at a general meeting of Members on the last date specified for remote e-voting i.e. 
Wednesday, September 30, 2026. 
 
The Members, whose names appear in the Register of Members / List of Beneficial Owners as on Friday, 
August 21, 2026 being the cut-off date, are entitled to vote on the Resolution set forth in this Notice. A 
person who is not a Member as on the cut-off date should treat this Notice of Postal Ballot for information 
purpose only. 
 
In compliance with provisions of Section 108, Section 110 and other applicable provisions of the Act read 
with the Rules made thereunder, the Company has provided facility to Members to exercise their votes 
electronically through remote e-voting facility provided by NSDL. 
 
The voting rights of Members shall be in proportion to their shareholding of the paid-up equity share 
capital of the Company as on the cut-off date i.e. Friday, August 21, 2026. 
 
During the e-voting period, all documents referred to in this Notice and other relevant documents would 
be available for inspection by the Members at the Registered Office of the Company on all working days 
except Saturdays, Sundays and National Holidays between 10:00 a.m. (IST) and 5:00 p.m. (IST). 
 
The Scrutinizer shall unblock the votes after conclusion of voting through remote e-voting and submit his 
report to the Chairman / authorized Key Managerial Personnel. 
 
The result of remote e-voting will be announced within the timeline of Regulatory provisions. These results 
will also be displayed along with Scrutinizer’s report hosted on website of the Company and on the website 
of Stock Exchange NSE limited and BSE Limited and website of NSDL i.e. https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/. 
 
Any queries/grievances pertaining to voting by postal ballot including the remote e-voting process can be 
addressed to Debolina Karmakar, Company Secretary of the Company at the Registered office of the 
Company at M-4 Phase VI, Gamharia, Adityapur Industrial Area, Jamshedpur, Jharkhand, 832108 or by 
sending an e-mail at cs@krossindia.com  
 
The instructions for remote e-voting by Members are as under: 
 
How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system? 
 
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are mentioned below: 
 
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system 
 
A) Login method for e-Voting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode 
 
In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, 
Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat 
account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are advised to update 
their mobile number and email Id in their demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility. 
 
Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below: 
 
Type of shareholders  Login Method 
Individual 
Shareholders holding 
securities in demat 
mode with NSDL. 
1. For 
OTP 
based 
login 
you 
can 
click 
on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.jsp. 
You will have to enter your 8-digit DP ID,8-digit Client Id, PAN No., 
Verification code and generate OTP. Enter the OTP received on 

[page 11]
registered email id/mobile number and click on login. After 
successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository 
site wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-
Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-
Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-
Voting period. 
2. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL Viz. 
https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on a 
mobile. On the e-Services home page click on the “Beneficial Owner” 
icon under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section , this will 
prompt you to enter your existing User ID and Password. After 
successful authentication, you will be able to see e-Voting services 
under Value added services. Click on “Access to e-Voting” under e-
Voting services and you will be able to see e-Voting page. Click on 
company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will 
be re-directed to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote 
during the remote e-Voting period. 
3. If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is 
available at https://eservices.nsdl.com.  Select “Register Online for 
IDeAS 
Portal” 
or 
click 
at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp  
4. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the 
following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal 
Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-Voting system is 
launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under 
‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen will open. You will have 
to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat account number 
hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on 
the screen. After successful authentication, you will be redirected to 
NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on 
company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will 
be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during 
the remote e-Voting period. 
5. Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App “NSDL 
Speede” facility by scanning the QR code mentioned below for 
seamless voting experience. 
Individual 
Shareholders holding 
securities in demat 
mode with CDSL 
1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login 
through their existing user id and password. Option will be made 
available to reach e-Voting page without any further authentication. 
The users to login Easi / Easiest are requested to visit CDSL website 
www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon & New System Myeasi Tab 
and then user your existing my easi username & password. 
2. After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-
Voting option for eligible companies where the evoting is in progress 
as per the information provided by company. On clicking the evoting 

[page 12]
option, the user will be able to see e-Voting page of the e-Voting 
service provider for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting 
period. Additionally, there is also links provided to access the system 
of all e-Voting Service Providers, so that the user can visit the e-Voting 
service providers’ website directly. 
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is 
available at CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on login & 
New System Myeasi Tab and then click on registration option. 
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing 
Demat Account Number and PAN No. from a e-Voting link available 
on www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will authenticate the 
user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the 
Demat Account. After successful authentication, user will be able to 
see the e-Voting option where the evoting is in progress and also able 
to directly access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers. 
Individual 
Shareholders (holding 
securities in demat 
mode) login through 
their depository 
participants 
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account 
through your Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-
Voting facility. upon logging in, you will be able to see e-Voting option. 
Click on e-Voting option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository 
site after successful authentication, wherein you can see e-Voting feature. 
Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will 
be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the 
remote e-Voting period. 
 
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User 
ID and Forget Password option available at abovementioned website. 
 
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues 
related to login through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL. 
 
Login type
Helpdesk details
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding 
securities in demat mode with NSDL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact 
NSDL helpdesk by sending a request at  evoting@nsdl.com 
or call at 022 - 4886 7000
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with CDSL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact 
CDSL helpdesk by sending a request at 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no. 
1800-21-09911 
 
 
B) Login Method for shareholders other than Individual shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode and shareholders holding securities in physical mode. 
 
How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website?
1. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile.  
2. Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available 
under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. 
3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and a 
Verification Code as shown on the screen. 
Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log-in at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with your existing IDEAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL eservices after using 
your log-in credentials, click on e-Voting and you can proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote electronically. 
4. Your User ID details are given below : 

[page 13]
Manner of holding shares i.e. Demat 
(NSDL or CDSL) or Physical
 Your User ID is: 
a) For Members who hold shares in demat 
account with NSDL. 
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client 
ID 
For example if your DP ID is IN300*** and 
Client ID is 12****** then your user ID is 
IN300***12******.
b) For Members who hold shares in demat 
account with CDSL. 
16 Digit Beneficiary ID
For example if your Beneficiary ID is 
12************** then your user ID is 
12**************
c) For Members holding shares in Physical 
Form. 
EVEN Number followed by Folio Number 
registered with the company 
For example if folio number is 001*** and 
EVEN 
is 
101456 
then 
user 
ID 
is 
101456001***
5.
Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given below: 
a) If you are already registered for e-Voting, then you can user your existing password to 
login and cast your vote.
b) If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the first time, you will need to retrieve the 
‘initial password’ which was communicated to you. Once you retrieve your ‘initial 
password’, you need to enter the ‘initial password’ and the system will force you to 
change your password. 
c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’? 
(i) 
If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the company, your 
‘initial password’ is communicated to you on your email ID. Trace the email sent 
to you from NSDL from your mailbox. Open the email and open the attachment 
i.e. a .pdf file. Open the .pdf file. The password to open the .pdf file is your 8 digit 
client ID for NSDL account, last 8 digits of client ID for CDSL account or folio 
number for shares held in physical form. The .pdf file contains your ‘User ID’ 
and your ‘initial password’.  
(ii) 
If your email ID is not registered, please follow steps mentioned below in 
process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered
6.  If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “ Initial password” or have forgotten 
your password: 
a)  Click on “Forgot User Details/Password?”(If you are holding shares in your demat 
account with NSDL or CDSL) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
b)  Physical User Reset Password?” (If you are holding shares in physical mode) option 
available on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
c) If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can send a request 
at evoting@nsdl.com mentioning your demat account number/folio number, your PAN, 
your name and your registered address etc. 
d) Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting the votes on 
the e-Voting system of NSDL.
7. After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting on the 
check box.
8.
Now, you will have to click on “Login” button.
9.
After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e-Voting will open.
 
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system. 
 
How to cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system? 
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” in which you are 
holding shares and whose voting cycle. 
2. Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast your vote during the remote e-Voting period. 

[page 14]
3. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens. 
4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify the number of 
shares for which you wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also “Confirm” when prompted. 
5. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed.  
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print option on the 
confirmation page. 
7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote. 
 
General Guidelines for shareholders 
1. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to send scanned 
copy (PDF/JPG Format) of the relevant Board Resolution/ Authority letter etc. with attested specimen 
signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-
mail to spsoffice77@gmail.com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.com. Institutional shareholders 
(i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board Resolution / Power of Attorney 
/ Authority Letter etc. by clicking on "Upload Board Resolution / Authority Letter" displayed 
under "e-Voting" tab in their login. 
2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care 
to keep your password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon five 
unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In such an event, you will need to go through 
the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset Password?” option available on 
www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.  
3. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and e-
voting user manual for Shareholders available at the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or 
call on : 022 - 4886 7000 or send a request to Ms. Pallavi Mhatre, AVP at evoting@nsdl.com  
Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories for 
procuring user id and password and registration of e mail ids for e-voting for the resolutions set out 
in this notice: 
 
1. In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned 
copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR 
(self attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email to cs@krossindia.com  
2. In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit 
beneficiary ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self attested 
scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to 
cs@krossindia.com If you are an Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode, you are 
requested to refer to the login method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for e-Voting for 
Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode. 
3. Alternatively shareholder/members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.com for procuring user id 
and password for e-voting by providing above mentioned documents. 
4. In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, 
Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat 
account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are required to 
update their mobile number and email ID correctly in their demat account in order to access e-
Voting facility. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

[page 15]
 
 
 
Date: 31/08/2026  
Place:  Jamshedpur 
 
By the order of the Board 
 
For, KROSS LIMITED
REGISTERED OFFICE:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
M-4, Phase VI, 
Adityapur Industrial Area 
Jamshedpur - 832108 
Jharkhand
Sd/- 
 
Sudhir Rai  
Chairman and Managing Director            
 
DIN: 00512423 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

[page 16]
 
 
CONTACT DETAILS 
 
Company
Kross Limited
CIN
L29100JH1991PLC004465
Registered Office 
 
M-4, PHASE-VI, GAMHARIA, 
ADITYAPUR INDUSTRIAL AREA, JAMSHEDPUR , Jharkhand 
-832108
Phone 
+91 7280026478
Email
investors@krossindia.com
Registrar and Share Transfer Agent 
 
KFin Technologies Ltd,
Selenium, Tower B, Plot No. 31 and 32 Financial District, 
Nanakramguda, Serilingampally,Hyderabad,Telangana-
500032
E-voting Agency
National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL)
Scrutinizer  
 
Mr. Sital Prasad Swain 
Company Secretaries 
Address - Room No. - 2, 4th Floor, Meghdeep Tower, Besides 
South Park Hotel, Bistupur, Jamshedpur - 831001 
Mob - 7991199206
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

[page 17]
 
ANNEXURE TO NOTICE 
 
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 
 
ITEM NO. 1 & 2: 
The Board of Directors of the Company, at its meeting held on August 31, 2026, subject to receipt of necessary 
approvals, has approved the proposal for fund raising through the issue and allotment of:  
i. 15,00,000 (Fifteen Lakh) fully paid-up equity shares of the Company of face value of Rs.05/- (Rupees Five 
only) each issued at a price of Rs. 212/- (Rupees Two Hundred and Twelve only) per Equity Share, 
including share premium of Rs. 207/- (Rupees Two hundred and Seven only) aggregating to Rs. 31, 80, 
00,000/- (Rupees Thirty one Crore Eighty Lakhs only) to the non – promoter group (Proposed Allottee)(s) 
on preferential basis and; 
ii. 15,00,000 (Fifteen Lakh) Convertible Warrants of Face value of Rs. 05/- (Rupees Five only) each issued at 
a price of Rs 212/- (Rupees Two Hundred and Twelve only) per warrant, including share premium of Rs. 
207/- (Rupees Two hundred and Seven only) aggregating to Rs. 31, 80, 00,000/- (Rupees Thirty one Crore 
Eighty Lakhs only) to the Promoters of the Company (“Proposed Allottee(s)), on preferential allotment 
basis. 
In terms of Section 62(1)(c) read with Sections 42 of the Companies Act, 2013 and rules made thereunder 
(“Act”), and in accordance with the provisions of Chapter V of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018 (“ICDR Regulations”) as amended, and on 
the terms and conditions and formalities as stipulated in the Act and the ICDR Regulations, the Preferential 
Issue requires approval of the shareholders of the Company by way of a special resolution. 
Accordingly, approval of the members is being sought in terms of Section 42 & 62 of the Companies Act 2013 
and Chapter V of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018. 
The information as required under SEBI (ICDR) Regulations and the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 
read with Rule 13(2) of the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014 and Rule 14 of the 
Companies (Prospectus and Allotment of Securities) Rules, 2014 are given below: 
I. 
Object of the preferential issue 
The Company intends to utilize the proceeds raised through the proposed Preferential Issue of upto Rs 
63,60,00,000/- (Rupees Sixty Three Crore and Sixty Lakhs only) by issuing 15,00,000 Equity Shares and 
15,00,000 convertible warrants (“Issue Proceeds”) towards following objects:  
1. Capital Expenditure; 
a) To augment the manufacturing capacity for shaft components catering to the Tractor segments through 
the acquisition and installation of new machinery. The proposed expansion is expected to substantially 
increase the existing production capacity, with the targeted production capacity being approximately 
doubled, thereby enhancing the Company's overall production volumes and output; 
b) To undertake forward integration of the Company's seamless tube manufacturing operations for the 
production of Cold Drawn Tubes (CDT). The Company is currently undertaking the development of its 
Seamless Tube facility, which is expected to be commissioned by the end of FY 2026-27. Upon 
commissioning of the Seamless Tube facility, the Company proposes to establish a Cold Drawn Tube 
facility as part of its forward integration strategy. This phased expansion is expected to enable the 
Company to broaden its product portfolio and capture additional value across the manufacturing chain; 
and 
c) Expansion of the administrative office by approximately 10,000 sq. ft. to improve coordination and 
operational efficiency. 
2. Working capital Requirement; and 

[page 18]
 
 
3. General Corporate purpose - Upto 25% (twenty five percent) of the Issue Proceeds will be utilised for 
general corporate purposes. 
 
The end use break-up of the Rs. 63.60 Crore for this preference issue is as follows: 
 
Sr. 
No. 
Particulars (Object of the Issue) 
Total 
estimated 
amount 
(Amount 
in  
Crore)
Tentative Timelines 
for 
utilization 
of 
issue proceeds for 
each of the object 
1.
Capital Expenditure
-
a)
To augment the manufacturing capacity for shaft 
components catering to the Tractor segments 
through the acquisition and installation of new 
machinery. 
15.00 Crore
Within 
12 
months 
from 
the 
date 
of 
Receipt of funds 
b) 
To undertake forward integration of the Company's 
seamless tube manufacturing operations for the 
production of Cold Drawn Tubes (CDT). 
15.00 Crore 
Within 
12 
months 
from 
the 
date 
of 
Receipt of funds 
c) 
To implement robotic automation for forge presses 
and specific machining operations, with a view to 
improving manufacturing efficiency, productivity, 
consistency, quality and operational capabilities, 
while reducing manual intervention.
13.00 Crore 
Within 
12 
months 
from 
the 
date 
of 
Receipt of funds 
d) 
Expansion 
of 
the 
administrative 
office 
by 
approximately 10,000 sq. ft. to improve coordination 
and operational efficiency
5.00 Crore 
Within 9 months from 
the date of Receipt of 
funds
2. 
Working Capital Requirement 
10.60 Crore 
Within 6 months from 
the date of Receipt of 
funds 
3. 
#General Corporate Purposes 
5.00 Crore 
Within 
12 
months 
from 
the 
date 
of 
Receipt of funds 
Total*
63.60 Crore
-
Note: (*) The above utilisation is considered assuming 100% conversion of the Warrants into Equity 
Shares within the stipulated time. 
# Upto 25% (twenty five percent) of the Issue Proceeds will be utilised for general corporate purposes. 
In terms of the NSE Circular No. NSE/CML/2022/56 dated December 13, 2022 and the BSE Circular No. 
20221213-47 dated December 13, 2022, the amount specified for the aforementioned Objects may deviate 
+/- 10% depending upon the future circumstances, given that the Objects are based on management 
estimates and other commercial and technical factors. Accordingly, the same is dependent on a variety of 
factors such as financial, market and sectoral conditions, business performance and strategy, competition 
and other external factors, which may not be within the control of the Company and may result in 
modifications to the proposed schedule for utilization of the Issue Proceeds at the discretion of the Board, 
subject to compliance with applicable laws. 
If the Issue Proceeds are not utilised (in full or in part) for the Objects during the period stated above due 
to any such factors, the remaining Issue Proceeds shall be utilised in subsequent periods in such manner 
as may be determined by the Board, in accordance with applicable laws. This may entail rescheduling and 
revising the planned expenditure and funding requirements and increasing or decreasing the expenditure 
for a particular purpose from the planned expenditure as may be determined by the Board, subject to 
compliance with applicable laws 
II. Monitoring of Utilization of Funds 
Given that the issue size does not exceed Rs. 100 Crore (Rupees One Hundred Crore Only), in terms of 
Regulation 162A of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, the Company is not required to appoint a SEBI registered 

[page 19]
credit rating agency as the monitoring agency to monitor the use of the proceeds of the Preferential Issue 
(“Monitoring Agency”). 
III. Particulars of the offer including date of passing of board resolution, kind of securities offered, 
maximum number of specified securities to be issued: 
The board of Directors in their meeting held on August 31, 2026 approved the proposed fund raising and the 
resolution set out in the accompanying notice authorizes the Board to issue: 
I. 15,00,000 (Fifteen Lakh) fully paid-up equity shares of the Company of face value of Rs 05/- (Rupees 
Five only) each issued at a price of Rs. 212/- (Rupees Two Hundred and Twelve only) per Equity Share, 
including share premium of Rs. 207/- (Rupees Two hundred and Seven only) aggregating to Rs. 31, 80, 
00,000/- (Rupees Thirty one Crore Eighty Lakhs only) to the non – promoter group (Proposed 
Allottee)(s) on preferential basis and; 
II. 15,00,000 (Fifteen Lakh) Convertible Warrants of Face value of Rs 05/- (Rupees Five only) each issued 
at a price of Rs 212/- (Rupees Two Hundred and Twelve only) per warrant, including share premium of 
Rs. 207/- (Rupees Two hundred and Seven only) aggregating to Rs. 31, 80, 00,000/- (Rupees Thirty one 
Crore Eighty Lakhs only) to the Promoters of the Company (“Proposed Allottee(s)), on preferential 
allotment basis. 
IV. Basis on which the price of the Preferential Issue has been arrived at:  
The Equity Shares of the Company are listed on National Stock Exchange of India and Bombay Stock Exchange 
(“NSE” and “BSE’ “Stock Exchange”) only. The highest trading volume in respect of the equity shares of the 
Company has been recorded during the preceding 90 trading days prior to the Relevant Date being the 
NSE. The Existing Equity Shares of the Company are frequently traded within the meaning of the explanation 
provided in Regulation 164(5) of Chapter V of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018. 
The pricing of the equity shares to be allotted on preferential basis shall not be lower than the price 
determined in accordance with the Chapter V of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations 2018 and applicable law. 
In accordance with Regulation 164 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the minimum issue price shall be determined 
as the higher of the prices calculated using the following method: 
The issue of equity shares on preferential basis shall be made at a price not less than higher of the following: 
- 90 Trading Days volume weighted average price (VWAP) of the Equity Shares of the Company 
quoted on the National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”) preceding the Relevant Date: i.e. Rs. 
210.76/- per Equity Shares;  
 
- 10 Trading Days volume weighted average price (VWAP) of the Equity Shares of the Company 
quoted on the National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”) preceding the Relevant Date: i.e. Rs. 
211.59/- per Equity Shares. 
 
We also confirm that the Articles of Association do not contain any restrictive provision for Preferential 
Allotment and doesn’t contain any article which provides for particular method for determination of price in 
case of preferential issue. 
V. Issue price and Relevant Date: 
In terms of Regulation 161 of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, the Relevant Date for determining the floor price for 
the Preferential Allotment of the Equity Shares and Convertible Warrants has been reckoned as Monday, 
August 31, 2026, being the working date, which is 30 days prior to the last date of e-voting through the postal 
ballot where the proposed Preferential Issue is being considered for approval of the Members of the Company 
i.e., Wednesday, September 30, 2026. The floor price in terms of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations is rounded off to Rs. 
212.00/- per Equity Share including share premium of Rs.207.00/- per share which is not lower than the floor 
price determined in compliance with applicable provisions of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations. 
VI. Report of Independent Registered Valuer:  
In accordance with Regulation 166A of the SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2018, (“SEBI (ICDR) Regulations”), the proposed preferential allotment of 15,00,000 Equity Shares and 

[page 20]
15,00,000 Convertible Warrants does not exceed 5% of the post-issue fully diluted share capital of the 
Company to the proposed allottee(s) or allottee(s) acting in concert. Further, the proposed allotment does not 
result in any change in control of the Company. 
Accordingly, the requirement for obtaining a valuation report from an independent registered valuer under 
Regulation 166A is not applicable to the proposed allotment. 
The issue price of the Equity Shares and Convertible Warrants has been determined in accordance with the 
applicable pricing provisions in terms of Regulation 164 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. 
VII. The justification for the allotment proposed to be made for consideration other than cash together 
with valuation report of the registered valuer: 
Not applicable as this issue is not for consideration other than cash. 
VIII. Terms of Payment: 
For Equity Shares: 
The entire consideration against the allotment of the Equity shares shall be received by the Company from 
the allottees before the said allotment. In case allottee pays consideration in less than the amount as agreed, 
the company shall issues shares on proportionate basis. 
For convertible Warrants:  
25% of the value of the warrant is to be paid against each warrant on or before the date of allotment of 
warrants. The balance 75% is payable at the time of allotment of Equity Shares pursuant to the exercise of the 
option for conversion of the warrant. Warrant will be converted at the option of the allottees, into one equity 
share of Face value of Rs. 5/- (Rupees Five Only) each at a premium of Rs. 207/- (Rupees Two hundred and 
Seven Only) making issue price of Rs. 212.00/- (Rupees Two Hundred and Twelve Only) each which is 
determined in accordance with the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018 not later than 18 months from the date of 
allotment of the Warrants. In case the option is not exercised within a period of 18 months from the date of 
allotment, the unexercised Warrants shall lapse and the aforesaid 25% amount paid on the date of allotment 
shall be forfeited. 
 
IX. The intent of the promoters, directors, key management personnel, or senior management of the 
issuer to subscribe to the offer. 
Except Sumeet Rai and Kunal Rai, as mentioned below, none of other promoters and promoter group, 
directors, key managerial personnel, or senior management of the issuer intend to subscribe to the offer 
or separately in furtherance of the objects specified herein above: 
Sr.
No. 
Name of the Proposed 
Allottees 
Category of the Proposed 
Allottees 
No. of Equity 
Shares 
proposed to be 
allotted 
No. of Convertible 
Warrants 
proposed to be 
allotted 
1
Sumeet Rai
Executive Director-Promoter
-
7,50,000
2
Kunal Rai
Executive Director-Promoter
-
7,50,000
 
 
X. The identity of the natural persons who are the ultimate beneficial owners of the securities proposed 
to be allotted and/or who ultimately control the proposed allottee(s): 
Identity of the ultimate beneficial owners of the securities proposed to be allotted: 
Sr.
No.
Name of the Proposed 
Allottees
Category  
Name of the Ultimate Beneficial Owner
1
Sumeet Rai
Promoter
Not Applicable, allottee being a natural 
person
2
Kunal Rai
Promoter
Not Applicable, allottee being a natural 
person
3 
Rathore Gauravraj Singh 
Vijaysingh
Non-Promoter 
Not Applicable, allottee being a natural 
person

[page 21]
4
Dhruv Agarwal
Non-Promoter
Not Applicable, allottee being a natural 
person
5 
Saroj V Rathore 
Non-Promoter 
Not Applicable, allottee being a natural 
person
6 
Richa Gauravraj Singh Rathore 
Non-Promoter 
Not Applicable, allottee being a natural 
person
 
XI. The percentage of post-preferential issue capital that may be held by the allottee(s) pursuant to the 
preferential issue/ class or classes of persons to whom the allotment is proposed to be made: 
Sr. 
No. 
Name of the Proposed 
Allottee 
Pre-Shareholding 
Structure 
Equity Shares and 
Convertible Warrants to 
be allotted 
Post Issue Shareholding 
structure
(assuming full 
conversion of Warrants) 
No. of 
shares 
% of 
holding 
No. of 
Equity 
shares
No. of 
Warrants 
No. of shares 
% of 
holding 
1 
Sumeet Rai 
38,00,000
5.89 
0 
7,50,000 
45,50,000 
6.74
2 
Kunal Rai 
34,92,000
5.41 
0 
7,50,000 
42,42,000 
6.28
3
Rathore Gauravrajsingh 
Vijaysingh 
0
0
5,00,000
0
5,00,000
0.74
4 
Dhruv Agarwal 
0 
0 
5,00,000 
0
5,00,000 
0.74
5 
Saroj V Rathore 
0 
0 
3,00,000 
0
3,00,000 
0.44
6
Richa 
Gauravrajsingh 
Rathore
0
0
2,00,000
0
2,00,000
0.30
 
Total
72,92,000 
11.30 
15,00,000 
15,00,000 
1,02,92,000 
15.25
#Post issue percentages have been calculated on the basis of post-preferential share capital of the Company on fully 
diluted basis i.e.₹ 33,75,47,110 (Rupees Thirty-Three Crore Seventy-Five Lakh Forty-Seven Thousand One Hundred and 
Ten Only) divided into 6,75,09,422 (Six Crore Seventy-Five Lakh Nine Thousand Four Hundred and Twenty-Two Only.) 
Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 5.00/ each (Rupees Five Only) 
 
XII. The Shareholding Pattern of the Issuer before and after the Preferential Issue: 
 The shareholding pattern of the Company before and after the allotment of 15,00,000 Equity Shares 
proposed preferential issue to the “Public” Category is likely to be as follows: 
Sr. 
No. 
Category 
Pre Preferential Issue* 
Post Preferential Issue
(upon allotment of 15,00,000 
Equity Shares)
No. of shares held
% of share 
holding
No. of shares held
% of share 
holding
A
Promoters and 
Promoter Group 
Holding
1
Indian
Individuals/ HUF
4,42,30,903
68.57%
4,42,30,903
67.01%
Bodies corporate
0
0.00%
0
0.00%
Sub-total
0
0.00%
0
0.00%
2
Foreign Promoters
0
0.00%
0
0.00%
Sub-total (A)
4,42,30,903
68.57%
4,42,30,903
67.01%
B
Non-promoters' 
holding
0
0
Institutions 
(Domestic) 
39,05,505
6.05%
39,05,505
5.92%

[page 22]
Institutions 
(Foreign)
16,19,266
2.51%
16,19,266
2.45%
Non-institution 
0
0
0
0
Body Corporates
7,34,111
1.14%
7,34,111
1.11%
Resident 
Individuals
1,26,74,811
19.65%
1,41,74,811
21.47%
Non Resident 
Indians (NRIs)
8,63,062
1.14%
8,63,062
1.31%
#Any Other 
(specify)
4,81,764
0.75%
4,81,764
0.73%
Sub-total (B)
2,02,78,519
31.43%
2,17,78,519
32.99%
GRAND TOTAL
6,45,09,422
100.00
6,60,09,422
100.00
(*The above pre-issue shareholding pattern is based on the shareholding as on June 30, 2026) 
(#Any others including LLP, Trusts, Clearing Members, HUF, Government Companies, Nationalized Banks, 
NBFCs, Non-Nationalised Banks, etc.) 
 The pre shareholding pattern of the Company considering allotment of 15,00,000 Equity Shares 
to public and post shareholding patterns considering 15,00,000 convertible warrants to the 
‘Promoter & Promoter Group’ is likely to be as follows: 
Sr. 
No.
Category
Pre 
Preferential 
Issue
Post Preferential Issue 
(upon allotment of 15,00,000 
Convertible Warrants)
No. of shares 
held
% of share 
holding
No. of shares held
% of share 
holding
A
Promoters and Promoter 
Group Holding
1
Indian
Individuals/ HUF
4,42,30,903
67.01%
4,57,30,903
67.74%
Bodies corporate
0
0.00%
0
0.00%
Sub-total
0
0.00%
0
0.00%
2
Foreign Promoters
0
0.00%
0
0.00%
Sub-total (A)
4,42,30,903
67.01%
4,57,30,903 
67.74% 
B
Non-promoters' holding
0
0
Institutions (Domestic) 
39,05,505 
5.92%
39,05,505 
5.79%
Institutions (Foreign)
16,19,266 
2.45%
16,19,266 
2.40%
Non-institution
0
0
0
0
Body Corporates
7,34,111
1.11%
7,34,111
1.09%
Resident Individuals
1,41,74,811 
21.47% 
1,41,74,811
21.00%
NRI'S
8,63,062
1.31%
8,63,062
1.28%
#Any Other (specify)
4,81,764
0.73% 
4,81,764
0.71%
Sub-total (B) 
2,17,78,519  
32.99%
2,17,78,519 
32.26 %
GRAND TOTAL
6,60,09,422
100.00%
6,75,09,422
100.00%
(The above pre-issue shareholding pattern is based on the shareholding as on June 30, 2026 and considering 
the allotment of 15,00,000 Equity shares) 
(#Any others including LLP, Trusts, Clearing Members, HUF, Government Companies, Nationalized Banks, 
NBFCs, Non-Nationalised Banks, etc.) 
XIII. The current and proposed status of the allottee(s) post the preferential issues namely, promoter or 
Public: 
Sr.
No. 
Name of the Proposed Allottees 
Current 
status 
of 
the 
allottees namely promoter 
or non-promoter 
Proposed status of the 
allottees 
post 
the 
preferential issue namely 
promoter or non-promoter

[page 23]
1. 
Sumeet Rai
Promoter
Promoter 
2. 
Kunal Rai
Promoter
Promoter 
3.  
Rathore Gauravrajsingh Vijaysingh 
Currently not holding any 
Equity Shares of the Company
Non-Promoter 
4.  
Dhruv Agarwal 
Currently not holding any 
Equity Shares of the Company
Non-Promoter 
5. 
Saroj V Rathore 
Currently not holding any 
Equity Shares of the Company
Non-Promoter
6.  
Richa Gauravrajsingh Rathore 
Currently not holding any 
Equity Shares of the Company
Non-Promoter 
 
XIV. Proposed time frame within which the Preferential Issue shall be completed: 
In accordance with Regulation 170 of the SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2018, the Company shall complete the allotment of Equity Shares and Convertible Warrants within a period 
of 15 days from the date of passing of the Special Resolution by the Members through Postal Ballot under Item 
Nos.1 and 2. Provided that, where any approval or permission from any regulatory authority, the Central 
Government or the Stock Exchange is required and is pending, the allotment shall be completed within a 
period of 15 days from the date of receipt of such approval or permission. 
XV. Undertaking as to re-computation of price and lock-in of specified securities: 
The Company shall re-compute the price of the Warrants and Equity Shares, in terms of the provision of 
Regulation 166 of the ICDR Regulations or any other applicable laws, where it is required to do so. The 
Company further undertakes that if the amount payable on account of the re-computation of price is not paid 
within the time stipulated in the ICDR Regulations, the Warrants shall continue to be locked- in till the time 
such amount is paid by the Warrant Holders. 
XVI. Number of people to whom allotment on a preferential basis has already been made during the year, 
in terms of the number of securities as well as price: 
Not Applicable, since the Company has not made the preferential issue of any security during the year. 
XVII. Consequential changes in the Voting Rights, change in control, and change in the Management, if any, 
in the issuer consequent to the preferential issue: 
The existing Promoters and Promoter Group of the Company will continue to be in control of the Company 
and there will not be any change in the management or control of the Company as a result of the proposed 
preferential allotment.   
XVIII. Lock-in Period: 
The Specified securities allotted to Proposed Allottees shall be locked in as per Regulation 167 and other 
applicable provisions of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018. 
XIX. Undertakings: 
The Company hereby undertakes that: 
i. It would re-compute the price of the securities specified above in terms of the provisions of SEBI 
(ICDR) Regulations, where it is so required. 
ii. If the amount payable, if any, on account of the re-computation of price is not paid within the time 
stipulated in SEBI (ICDR) Regulations the above shares shall continue to be locked-in till the time such 
amount is paid by the allottees. 
iii. None of the proposed allottees except the promoters of the Company, held any pre-preferential shares 
in the Company; 
iv. No person belonging to the Promoter Group and Non-Promoter Group have sold/transferred any 
equity shares of the Company during the 90 trading days preceding the relevant date; 
v. No person belonging to the promoters / promoter group has previously subscribed to any equity 
shares/warrants of the Company but failed to exercise them; and 

[page 24]
vi. Save and except the Preferential Issue as proposed in the resolution as set in the accompanying Notice, 
the Company has made no other issue or allotment of securities on preferential basis during the year. 
XX. 
Disclosure as specified under Schedule VI of SEBI(ICDR) Regulations 2018, if the issuer or any of the 
promoters or directors is a wilful defaulter or a fraudulent borrower:  
The Company and none of its directors or Promoters have been declared as a wilful defaulter or a fraudulent 
borrower as defined under SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018. None of its Directors or Promoters is a fugitive 
economic offender as defined under the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018. 
 
XXI. Practicing Company Secretary’s Certificate: 
The certificate from Mr. Sital Prasad Swain, Practising Company Secretaries (Membership No – F6338 
Certificate of Practice No – 6814), Practicing Company Secretary, certifying that the preferential issue of 
Warrants is being made in accordance with requirements of Chapter V of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations have been 
obtained considering the said preferential issue. The copy of said certificate shall be available for inspection 
by 
the 
members 
and 
the 
same 
may 
be 
accessed 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
viz. 
https://www.krosslimited.com/_files/ugd/b3d94e_a5e427129f5f4ce98dbbdcdde9c3f96a.pdf  
 
 
XXII. Details of the Directors, Key Managerial Persons, or their relatives, in any way concerned or 
interested in the said resolution: 
Except Mr. Sumeet Rai and Kunal Rai, along with their immediate relatives, no other promoter and promoter 
gorup, Director(s), Key Managerial Personnel and their relatives is, in any way, directly or indirectly 
concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the above referred resolutions except to the extent of 
their shareholding, if any. 
 
Date: 31/08/2026  
Place:  Jamshedpur 
 
By the order of the Board 
 
For, KROSS LIMITED
REGISTERED OFFICE:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
M-4, Phase VI, 
Adityapur Industrial Area 
Jamshedpur - 832108 
Jharkhand
Sd/- 
 
Sudhir Rai  
Chairman and Managing Director            
 
DIN: 00512423 
 
 
