[page 1]
 
 
 
 
Kross Limited 
 
Business Update 
Axle Beam Extrusion Plant Commissioning 
 
 
First facility in India for producing seamless, single-piece axle beams for HCVs 
 
Capacity enhancement by 60% from 5000 units per month to 8000 units per month 
 
Commercial operations to starts from April 2026 
 
27th February 2026 
 
Kross Limited (Bloomberg Code: KROSS IN | NSE Code: KROSS | BSE Code: 544253) is pleased 
to announce a significant milestone in its manufacturing capabilities with the commissioning of its new 
Axle Beam Extrusion Plant, which has been commissioned today i.e. 27th February 2026. This marks a 
pioneering milestone as the first such facility in India for producing seamless, single-piece axle beams 
for heavy commercial vehicles. This capacity addition increases the Company’s total axle beam 
production capacity to 8,000 units per month, reinforcing its commitment to innovation, operational 
efficiency, and product reliability in the automotive sector. The enhanced capacity is expected to be 
commercially operational by April 2026 
 
In India, the Axle Beam for Heavy Commercial Vehicles is traditionally a fabricated version that is 
welded. This new technology eliminates welding, using seamless tube extrusion to form a single-
piece Axle Beam which enhances strength, reduces weight, and improves reliability, aligning with 
our continued focus on advanced manufacturing and customer needs. 
 
Production Capacity: 
Particulars 
Existing 
Capacity 
(units/month) 
(Welded) 
Capacity 
Addition 
(units/month) 
(Seamless) 
Total 
Capacity 
(units/month) 
(Total Axles) 
Axle Beam 
5,000 
3,000 
8,000 
 
Operational Benefit (FY27): 
With an addition of 3,000 units per month, the Company anticipates improved production efficiency, 
reduced component weight, and enhanced strength and reliability for heavy commercial vehicles. 
This expansion is projected to support growing demand from Medium & Heavy Commercial Vehicles 
(M&HCVs), tractors, and off-highway vehicles, thereby contributing to overall revenue growth 
  
Outlook: 
The successful commissioning of this facility underscores Kross Limited’s steadfast commitment to 
adopting innovative technologies and achieving greater self-reliance in critical component 
manufacturing. With a continued emphasis on operational excellence and long-term stakeholder value 
creation, 
the 
Company 
remains 
well-positioned 
for 
sustained 
growth. 
 
 
 
 

[page 2]
 
 
 
 
Commenting on this development, Mr. Sudhir Rai – Chairman & Managing Director said 
 
“We are delighted to announce the commissioning of our new Axle Beam Extrusion Plant, a first-of-its-
kind facility in India, representing a strategic initiative designed to optimize production efficiency while 
reinforcing our commitment to cutting-edge technology and product reliability. This development aligns 
seamlessly with our long-term goal of advancing innovative practices in the automotive sector, 
delivering substantial benefits to the company and its stakeholders. 
 
Our unwavering dedication to quality, workplace safety, operational excellence, and a customer-centric 
approach positions us favourably for enduring success. We are confident that our continued emphasis 
on innovation, efficiency, and prudent strategic investments will enable us to address evolving market 
demands and generate sustainable value for our shareholders.” 
 
About the company 
Kross Limited is an integrated automotive component manufacturer with over 3 decades of operating 
history, it specialises in trailer axles, suspension assemblies, and safety-critical forged, cast and 
machined components for M&HCVs, tractors, and off-highway vehicles. The company is backward 
integrated across design, forging, casting, heat treatment, machining, and surface coating, and is among 
the prominent trailer axle & suspension manufacturers in India. Company is a key supplier to various 
OEMs, including leading players in the commercial vehicle and tractor segments. 
 
 
 
 
For further information, please contact 
 
M-4, VI Phase, Gamharia, Adityapur Industrial 
Area, 
Jamshedpur, Jharkhand 832108 
E: investors@krossindia.com | M: +91 7280026478 
www.krosslimited.com 
KAPTIFY® Consulting  
Investor Relations | Strategy | Consulting 
E: contact@kaptify.in   | M: +91-845 288 6099 
www.kaptify.in
 
 
 
Disclaimer 
This document may contain certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable securities law and regulations. These 
statements include descriptions regarding the intent, belief or current expectations of the Company or its directors and officers with 
respect to the results of operations and financial condition of the Company. Such forward‐looking statements are not guarantees of 
future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ from those in such forward‐looking statements as 
a result of various factors and assumptions which the Company believes to be reasonable in light of its operating experience in recent 
years. Many factors could cause the actual results, performances, or achievements of the Company to be materially different from any 
future results, performances, or achievements. Significant factors that could make a difference to the Company’s operations include 
domestic and international economic conditions, changes in government regulations, tax regime and other statutes. The Company does 
not undertake to revise any forward‐ looking statement that may be made from time to time by or on behalf of the Company 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

[page 3]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
