: Fujlyama Power Systems Limited (formerly Anown as Fujiyama Power Systems Private Linuted)
Registered office 5346, Rama Road Ind Ares, Near Sat Guru Rent Singh Marg Metro Station Near NOPL Grid Office, Dell ~ 110048
CIN LO;8090L2017PLCa26513
Notes forming part of financial results for the quarter ended 30 Junie 2026

1 The above standalone and consolidated financial results ("the hnanciat results") for {he quarter endad 30 June 2026 have been reviewed by the Audit Committee and approved by the Board of Directors for Fujiyama Power Systems Limited

Vthe Company/the Hating Company) at their Meeting held on 13 August 2025 The reporl is being fited with GSE Limited (‘BSE") and Netional Slock Exchange Limited ("NSE") and 1s also available on the Company's website in compliance
5 wih Regulation 33 of the Secures Exchange Board of india ¢’SEBI") (Listing Obligalions and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (as amanded}. The financial results for the quarter ended 30 June 2026 have been subjected tc
hmited review dy the Statutory Auditors of he Company
; 2 The Company has prepared these financial results in accordance wilh applicable Indian Accounting Standards, as notified under tha Companies {indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, and as specified under section 133 of the
Companies Act, 2013

3 On 05 May 2026, a major fire broke oul at one of ine Company's production facility located in Bawal, District Rewari, Haryana, resulling in damage to building structures, plant and machinery and inventories having net carrying value of Rs
1,435.81 million,

The Company has adequate insurance coverage for the damaged assets and has lodged insurance claims'with the insurer. The assessment of the loss is currently in progress with the insurance surveyor and the insurance company In view
of assessment of loss in progress, recovery of lass could not be ascertained /recognised.

Although, management expect to recover the loss of net carying value in due course and considering the material and non-recurring nature of the event, the losses arising from the fire, aggregating to Rs. 1,435.81 million, have been
presented separately as “Loss dug to Fire in Bawal Plant” under Exceptional Items.

4 On24 March 2026, inspection and search was conducted by Bureau of Indian Standards (‘BIS’) at one of the Company's production facility located in Ecotech Extension-1, Greater Noida, Uttar Pradesh. Upon conclusion of the inspection, BIS
has seized certain products worth Rs. 24.50 million allegeing that the Company is not in compliance with BIS standards, Further, another inspection was caried out at the facility located in Bawal, District Rewari, Haryana on 28 April 2026
wherein goods worth Rs, 19 million seized by BIS on the above grounds, The Company has sought fegal advice in this regard and basis the legal advice, the Company believes it has adhere ta all the requirements of BIS Aci, 2016 and (hat all
the seized goods meet the standard requirements. Further, the Company has flied its submission with BIS and awaiting further response in this regard,

5 Pursuant to the approval af the Board of Directors on 25 April 2028, the Company acquired 3,100 equity shares of fece value 210 each, representing 31% of the equity share capital, in each of Zayo Energy Private Limited and Zayo Cables
Private Limited. Consequently, boin the investee companies became associates of the Company with effect from 25 April 2026. Accordingly. the consolidated financial results include ihe Company's share of net lass after and total
comprehensive loss, of the associates from the date of acquisition, accounted for using the equity method in accordance with Ind AS 28 = investments in Associates and Joint Ventures. The associates and the Company together referred fo as
“the Group”. The accompanying consolidated financial results are being prepared fer the first time and accordingly, the comparative information for the preceding quarter, ihe corresponding quarter of the previous year and the previous year
end are standalone information of the holding company extracted from the Unaudited Standalone Financial Results of the holding company.

6 The Statement includes results for the corresponding quarler ended 30 June 2025 of the previous year, which are extracted from the audited restated financial information prepared for the purpose of initial Public Offer CIPO’) in accordance
vath the requirements of Section 26 of Chapter Ill of the Companies Act, 2013, as amended (the “Act"), relevant provisions of The Securilies and Exchange Board of india {Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018 (the
“Regulations’) issued by the Securities and Exchange Board of india (‘SEBI!') in pursuance of the Securities and Exchange Board of india Act, 1992 (the “SEB! Act"); the Guidance Note on Reports in Company Prospectuses (Revised 2019}
issued by the Institule of Chartered Accountants of India as amended from time to lime (“The Guidance Note”) and Indian Accounting Standards (‘ind AS’) specified under section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013. This restaled financial
information have been examined by the statutory auditors vide examinalion report dated 13 October 2025.

7 Results for the quarter ended 31 March 2026 being the balancing figure between the audited figures in respect of the full fmancial year and the published unaudited year to date figures up to the third quarter of the previous financial year which

were Subject to limited review by statutory auditors,

& The Company is engaged in the production and sale of solar power generating systems(SPGS) relaled products and all its operalions are in pre-corinantly in india only. Accordingly, there is no Separate reportable segment as per Ind AS 108

on ‘Operating Segments’ in respect of the Company.
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
Fujiyama Power Systems Limited ;
Aaet Sy eee
; pra s “v EPO RAD oo
4 7) x N\A ee
ffs we AN
= ” hi a es
Yogesh Dua / E New Delhi rm fad BO a
Joint Managing Director 8 CEO oS ; : =~. : HOSE pom pses FS Ee
DIN: 00315251 ZN: As ee mee Dal
a ~S ee Bano ps
KASS % WS Les
Place’ Dethi yy. * 2 Nee AES
Date. 13 August 2026 Seon! TEP a ee ee
ten tee FA kg oot
“sites
