VENUS PIPES AND TUBES LIMITED — Q1 FY27 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL
Hosted by Noama. Quarter ended June 30, 2026. Transcript (verbatim as provided by operator).

Management present:
- Mr. Arun Kothari, Managing Director (MD)
- Mr. Dhruv Patel, Whole Time Director
- Mr. Kunal Bumia (Bumna), CFO
- SJ / SDA — Investor Relations advisor (Noama)

[MODERATOR — OPENING]
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q1 FY27 earnings conference call of Venus Pipes and Tubes Limited hosted by Noama. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company which are based on the beliefs, opinions, and expectations of the company as on the date of this call. These statements do not guarantee the future performance of the company and may involve risk and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Miss Niha from Noama. Thank you and over to you ma'am.

[NIHA — NOAMA IR]
Thank you so much. Good afternoon everyone. On behalf of Noama I welcome you all to Q1 FY27 earnings conference call of Venus Pipes and Tubes Limited. We are pleased to have with us management team of Venus Pipes represented by Mr. Arun Kothari MD, Mr. Dhruv Patel whole time director and Mr. Kunal Bumna CFO. We will have our opening remarks from the management followed by the Q&A. Thank you sir and over to you sir.

[ARUN KOTHARI — MD, OPENING REMARKS]
Good afternoon and warm welcome to everyone on Q1 FY27 earning call of Venus Pipes and Tubes Limited. I am joined by Mr. Dhruv Patel our director, Mr. Kunal Bumna our CFO and SJ our investor relation advisor. We have uploaded our Q1 FY27 presentation on the stock exchanges and the company website and I hope you have had an opportunity to go through the same. I will begin with the brief overview of the operating environment followed by update on our business and capacity expansion initiative and then discuss our performance across domestic and export markets.

The global operating environment continued to remain uncertain with geopolitical development, supply chain disruption and volatility in commodity prices impacting business across markets. At the same time, the medium to long-term outlook for the manufacturing and infrastructure remains encouraging. India continues to stand out as one of the key growth economies globally supported by a healthy domestic demand, infrastructure investment, manufacturing expansion and increasing localization across industries. The continuous shift towards India as a manufacturing and sourcing destination is also creating opportunity for Indian engineering and industrial product manufacturers. For the stainless steel industry, we see structural growth opportunities across sectors such as oil and gas, chemical, petrochemical, power, pharmaceutical and other process industries. The new demand is also coming from the data center. We believe these trends provide a strong foundation for the industry growth over the coming years.

Coming to Venus, we are building our next phase of growth. We remain focused on building a comprehensive system engineering platform combining scale, product with quality and global reach. Our objective is to establish Venus as the first reference and preference for stainless steel engineering solution. Over the last few years, we have consistently invested ahead of demand to strengthen our capacity and our product portfolio. We are now entering an important phase where these investments are beginning to translate into new growth opportunities. Now I will hand over the call to Mr. Dhruv Patel for update on the quarter.

[DHRUV PATEL — WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR]
Thank you Arun. Speaking of the quarter gone by, we continue to see healthy demand across our key end user industries. A key development as announced on our last call has been the commencement of our fittings and valve, seamless and welded pipes and tubes capacities in May. We have started receiving encouraging response from our customers for these products. As with any new product category, customer approval and certifications are an important part of the process and we are working closely with customers across industries to complete these requirements. We expect penetration to improve progressively as these approvals come through and customers start scaling up their orders.

We took another important step towards forward integration by entering into pipe spool business. With a plant capex of around 70 crores backed by LOI from client in data center segment as announced in the previous quarter. The project is progressing well and we remain on track to commence the spooling facility by end of this year. Venus has been among the early players in the stainless steel pipes and tubes industry to pursue forward integration into fittings and now spooling. These initiatives are an important part of our strategy to progressively build a one-stop piping solution for our clients by expanding our product basket. We will be able to address a large share of our customers requirement, enter higher value applications and deepen our relationship with clients. We also expect this to improve our product mix over time.

Coming to our performance during the quarter, revenue growth was driven by a combination of volume growth and higher realization with realization benefiting from the increase in steel prices. While higher steel prices supported reported revenues, our EBITDA per kg also improved. We also saw a higher growth in welded pipes and tubes during the quarter while the contribution from seamless pipes and tubes also remained healthy. Going forward, our focus will remain on improving our product mix, increasing the contribution from value-added products and driving operating efficiencies. As our newer capacity scale up, we expect these initiatives to support the quality of our earnings and margins.

On the geographical performance, our domestic business continued to witness healthy demand across schemes and markets. We remain focused on sectors with strong structural demand for stainless pipes and tubes including oil and gas, chemical, pharmaceutical and engineering while simultaneously increasing our presence in higher value applications. During Q1 of FY27, our domestic revenue stood at 227 crores, registering a robust 31% year-on-year growth. We remain confident about the domestic opportunity and will continue to deepen our presence across existing sectors while also penetrating into newer sectors such as data centers and solar where our expanded product capabilities can create opportunities for growth.

On the export side, we continue to see a healthy opportunity for Indian manufacturers as global customers increasingly look to diversify their sourcing base. Our presence across multiple geographies provides us with a diversified export platform and we continue to work on expanding our customer base and geographical range. However, the prevailing geopolitical tensions have created some uncertainty in the export environment. Despite these external challenges we secured strong export orders from our key export markets particularly US during this quarter. Exports remained robust at 94 crores contributing nearly 30% of our total revenue reflecting the strength of our product portfolio and customer relations across global markets. Going forward, our focus will be on further diversifying our geographical presence, entering newer markets and increasing the share of value added products in our exports. Our investments in capacity, product range and certifications will help us capture these opportunities over the medium term.

Our order book for the quarter also stood strong at more than 600 crores without considering the LOI of 185 crores with a strong mix of domestic and export reflecting strong demand for our products. Overall, we believe Venus is entering an important phase of its growth journey. The investments we have made across fittings, valve, seamless and welded pipes and tubes and now spooling are expanding our product capabilities and opening up new avenues for growth. Our larger objective is to build Venus into a one-stop piping solution provider, an engineering solution provider with a broader product portfolio, deeper customer relationship and growing presence across geographies. We remain focused on scaling these new businesses, improving our product mix and continuing to grow faster than the industry while creating sustainable long-term value for all our stakeholders. With that, I would like to hand over the call to Kunal our CFO to take you through the financial performance of the company.

[KUNAL BUMNA — CFO]
Good afternoon everyone. We are pleased to share that Venus has delivered a record performance in Q1 FY27 achieving our highest ever quarterly revenue and EBITDA. On revenue front, revenue from operation for Q1 FY27 stood at rupees 320.5 crore compared to rupees 276.4 crore in Q1 FY26, registering 16% year-on-year growth. The revenue mix for the quarter comprised 39% from welded and 6% from others; within the core business seamless by revenue grew 15% year-on-year, welded by revenue grew 21% year on year. During the quarter export sales stood at rupees 94 crore compared to rupees 103 crore in Q1 FY26. Exports were impacted by disruption arising from geopolitical situation despite this export continue to contribute around 30% of our overall revenue reflecting the strength and diversification of our international business. Coming to EBITDA, EBITDA for the quarter stood at rupees 51.5 crore compared to rupees 44.9 crore in Q1 FY26, registering a 14.7% year-on-year growth. EBITDA margin stood at 16.1% broadly stable compared to 16.2% in the corresponding quarter last year. PAT for Q1 FY27 stood at rupees 26.4 crore compared to rupees 24.84 crore in Q1 FY26, registering a 6.5% year-on-year growth. PAT margin for the quarter stood at 8.2%. Overall we have started FY27 on a strong footing with revenue growth and record quarterly EBITDA. The underlying demand environment remains encouraging and our expanding product portfolio provides us with multiple avenues for growth. With this I would like to open the floor for question.

[Q&A SESSION]

[Q1 — Shubi Gupta, Filra Asset Managers]
Q: What are the utilization levels? Are we maintaining the growth guidance for this year which I believe was about 20%?
A (Mgmt): Utilization level is around something more than 60% (welded) and for seamless it is around 85-90%. And yes we are maintaining the guidance at similar level.
Q: You mentioned focusing on improving product mix. What is the target product mix? Is there a specific proportion?
A: Primarily on the side of welded we started the value added tubing business last year only. That is the area we are focusing to increase its proportion. Secondly the capex we finished in end of May 2026 wherein we added capacity on the side of tubing business and apart from that we also added fitting business in our armory. So we believe this coming year you should see the impact of these products.

[Q2 — Sneha Talati, DAM (Dwama)]
Q: On the order book, did I hear correctly that order book is 600 odd crores currently which was around 450 last quarter. Where is this 150 crores of addition coming from, which sectors?
A: Yes. Primarily it's from power, engineering, chemical.
Q: On fittings, what response are we seeing? Where is the share of fittings? When do we see margins inching up? You have a long-term guidance of inching up to 18-19%. When do we start seeing improvement quarter-on-quarter?
A: Fittings — as we are selling pipe to the end customer, generally in many aspects the end customer would be same. So we are seeing encouraging response from the end customer but as it is a very new business, the requisite approval and process are underway. So we believe from this second quarter onward a few volume from the side of fitting should also come into the business. From the perspective of EBITDA, we started at the time we made seamless and fitting business, so I think post second quarter I believe we should see improvement in margin.
A (additional, on order book): One more thing regarding order book, we are having order book of 600 crore in the sector of pipe and fitting. Apart from this we already have LOI of rupees 185 crore for our spooling project. So all together we are having order of near about 800 crore.

[Q3 — Dhruv Jain, Ambit Capital]
Q: On export and domestic mix — in terms of FY27 mix, how should we think about it? Does this 30% eventually go to 40-45% at the end of the year?
A: It should be more than 30% but from the order perspective what we have in hand we have more than 40 or around 45% from export.
Q: Last six or seven quarters margins have been in the same 16% zone. With spooling solutions and fittings coming through, how should we think about FY27 margin and eventually FY28 margins?
A: The intent is to take it to 18% in coming two years. But definitely for FY27 it should be less than 17% on an overall basis. Third quarter is the quarter where we'll be starting majorly on the side of fitting; data center will also come in third and fourth quarter and then it will keep building over coming years. Those things will happen over a few more quarters. Then the margin from all the value-added products will start contributing.
Q: What is the debt at the end of the first quarter and what should be the capex number for this year?
A: Net debt level is around 250-280, 280 odd. Gross debt is around 325 crores as on June 30. Capex — around 100 odd crores we are targeting; of the total 100 cr, 70 cr will be spooling and few fittings and other machineries, 20 odd crore will be towards maintenance capex and all, and some towards solar plant. So between 110-ish all groups.

[Q4 — Bharat Shah, BCS Capital Ideas]
Q (broad): We are in a specialty area, products at the better end of the portfolio, good export performance, customer adaptability, reasonable technology, long-term favorable demand. Revenue went from ~400 to ~1150 odd, roughly three times, profit before... but absolute size of the business and absolute size of profit still remain very insignificant, a bit underwhelming. Comment?
A (Mgmt): You must have idea about the stainless steel pipe industry, especially approval and number of things required to enter the market. After the IPO of May 2022 we did almost three times capacity expansion, so we created Venus presence in the market in a very good way. Apart from creating presence we expanded our product portfolio also — fitting, and now moving forward into spooling solution where you get better margin since the in-house product of pipes and fittings will be consumed in-house or we are able to provide the customer a complete engineering solution. So in coming quarters, after one or two quarters, you will be able to get improvement in the bottom line in a very significant way, since we are entering into value-added products or some products will be consumed in-house which will give valuation benefit. Our focus from the very beginning was to be the key early player in every segment. We started our journey as fabrication of pipe and ERW pipe, then backward integration for seamless pipe, then entered fitting market, now entering end-to-end solution for the customer.
Q (follow-up): Products are more value added, moved up value chain, built businesses with demanding international customers, passes all tests — but absolute size of business sounds little underwhelming compared to strengths and opportunities?
A: This is our passion, all the promoters. We are a very young player in this segment. As young players we had a lot of capex in last four years. Due to this capex we have taken some working capital borrowing to run the company / manage working capital. You will see a lot of improvement on the bottom line side. But interest cost is much higher than our depreciation. Capex intensity was affecting business performance. Interest cost typically year after year is two times the cost of depreciation charge.
Q (Ratnamani comparison): Spooling business has done phenomenally well elsewhere. Ratnamani's pipes business still had challenges but spooling business had a margin of almost 52%, staggering. Do you think our spooling activity will produce such a major difference like Ratnamani?
A: We are not at par with Ratnamani. Ratnamani has been doing this business in last three years; I will not comment much about that. But definitely we are also expecting good margin, our spooling business better than pipe business or fitting business. In coming quarters once our business starts you will see results in two to three quarters. By end of Q3 spooling turnover contribution top almost 10 to 15% — next year 10 to 15%.
Q: Over backward integration and efforts, given robust domestic opportunity, exports should recover once these issues are out of the way, by FY29 or FY30 you will get better valuation somewhere in between. And margin should be at least 3-4% higher than where we are today?
A: Minimum we are targeting 3-4% but you can assume it will be minimum 18%.

[Q5 — Deepak, Sundaram MF]
Q: Good order inflow this quarter, closing order book around 600 cr. Where are the new order inflows coming from — existing customer base or new customers? And is it related to domestic market or a mix of both domestic and exports?
A: It's a mix, more domestic than export. The order inflow has been good from USA in this order book of 600 crores. In domestic the customers are a mix — a lot from power, engineering, chemical, predominantly from power from repeat customers also and few from engineering, chemical from new customers also. This is a mixed bag.
Q: On fittings commercialization, what revenue are we expecting from fitting division in FY27 and FY28?
A: FY27 expecting around 5 to 7% of the total top line and going forward it will grow, expecting around 8 to 10% (something less than 10%).
Q: You highlighted 20% growth which signifies ~1400 cr revenue, 5% of that is ~70 cr which is what was indicated for data center. But last call you indicated the 185 cr LOI execution is around 15 months which gives ~37 cr quarterly / revenue, and executing only for a quarter, so where is the mismatch of 70 cr topline from data center versus earlier indication that it commercializes only in Q4 which indicates not more than 40 crores?
A: We have done a lot of work on the plant side for the data center and the customer is quite curious to get it done at a faster pace. We have pulled up many things for the data center and are quite hopeful. The significant portion / the entire capex may overlap into fourth quarter of Q4 FY27 but major portion we are targeting to finish before December 2026. So we believe a good amount of top line will be contributed from data center. The execution period is basically before December 2027 and we will try our level best to finish at the earliest.

[Q6 — Viral Shah, PhillipCapital]
Q: This quarter growth in welded (VJP) segment is much higher than seamless. Historically seamless grew better than welded. What has changed for the welded pipe segment particularly?
A: The seamless was to a good extent running to the maximum; as we added capacity by the fag end of May 2026, the contribution from the increased capacity will come from the coming quarters. We have been trying to increase welded and we have been able to do that this quarter on the side of welded.
Q: Any particular sector that gave growth on the welded side?
A: Mix sector, not a specific one.
Q: Do you expect seamless to remain the same since running at full utilization?
A: With the new capacity the intent is to run it at full capacity, but not in the immediate quarter; each passing quarter the capacity utilization should keep increasing and intent is to take it to the fullest going forward.

[Q7 — Rishi Kothari, CBA / AF Managers]
Q: What sort of ratio for domestic revenue and export revenue for welded product and seamless product individually?
A: Only blended we generally give, around 30% (export). Blended is 80/20.
Q: Last quarter seamless was more; what is it in Q1?
A: Last quarter seamless was more. Any numbers on the mix — no, I don't (want to quote).
Q: On the spooling topic — for spooling we are expecting Q3 FY27 it will go live, correct?
A: Yes.
Q: What sort of demand are we looking at in spooling?
A: India data center capacity was around 1.3 GW roughly in 2025 which is targeting to grow to around 10.5 GW in coming five years. A good amount of demand is there on the data center side, and this cooling — generally pipes are required for cooling in the data center, generally known by the name of SFN (secondary fluid network) / secondary network. We are quite hopeful to be in this line of business, and apart from that we are working on other sectors also like solar and others. The company expects strong demand across several high growth end user sectors like data center, power, semiconductor, CNG station related infrastructure and going forward nuclear energy. With the gradual easing of geopolitical tensions and normalization, opportunities are expected to improve further. Combination of incremental capacity, improving utilization, favorable shift toward higher margin products like fitting and spooling, and demand from emerging sectors and potential recovery in overseas market should support both revenue growth and value performance over the coming quarters.

[Q8 — Kesh Gupta, SS Family Foundation]
Q: We want to more or less double our revenues by Q2 of FY30. That comes to a CAGR of around 23% versus our FY27 revenue growth target of 15%. So do we plan to grow more aggressively in the later years FY28 and FY29?
A: No, the revenue growth we are targeting is around 20% for FY27. More or less we will double revenues by Q2 of FY30 proceeding at around a 20% kind of growth for coming years.
Q: What internal mix do you want to achieve in domestic vs export in the long term, and revenues between seamless and welded?
A: For the export perspective the intent is to be above 30%. It depends how markets play out; sometime export can increase further but the intent is to keep it more than 30% on export side. The internal targets of seamless and welded — should go more or less like the mix we currently have.
Q: In export markets where customers have multiple sourcing options globally, what specific advantages or differentiations lead customers to choose Venus over competing suppliers?
A: Many factors. We are equipped with the entire facility of both welded and seamless. The number of SKUs we can offer are quite in number. With the addition of fitting they get forward integration also. Apart from that timeliness, delivery, quality of product which we have been doing since last many years. Those things, the certification qualifications and everything help us. We have a team of people in many geographies of the world who are senior people who know the very minor details of these products and business who help a lot in getting orders. We participate in many conferences happening around the world which also helps display our strength, products, technical capabilities.

[Q9 — Nishita, Safaya Capital]
Q: We are doing 20 cr capex for the spooling facility. What is the total capacity for that?
A: These are generally sold on numbers so capacity number on spooling is difficult, but we believe this should contribute at least 3x of the capex in the form of revenue.
Q: Asset turn of 3x you're saying (or more)?
A: Yes.
Q: Once we commercialize the facility Q3 FY27, how fast can we ramp it up? You mentioned from data center we can expect around 5% of revenue contribution in FY27, assuming that comes from the spooling facility only — is that correct?
A: Yeah, it's right. Post start the intent is to ramp it very fast; as we already have all in hand, things are working as per those LOIs. We definitely believe we should ramp it very fast and the brand customer who also wanted to move it fast should help us.
Q: In FY28 can you expect margins to improve further because the spooling facility will have full effect for the whole year?
A: Yes definitely. The combination of incremental capacity, improving utilization, shift towards high margin products like fitting and spooling, demand from emerging sectors and potential recovery in overseas market should support both revenue and margins.

[Q10 — Analyst, DAM Capital]
Q: On the 20% revenue target for FY27, can you break that growth between seamless, welded and fitting? How would each segment broadly grow for the entire fiscal FY27?
A: The growth percentage we are targeting from both welded and seamless would be around 20% in both cases. From fitting and spooling, it should be at least 5% from fitting contributing to the top line for FY27.
Q: If steel prices are higher by at least 5-6% on average for the year, is it fair to assume volume growth this year would be 10 to 15% at best?
A: No, if I take fitting, spooling, seamless, welded all together, we believe we should be higher than 15% on the volume front also. Spooling will not be much this year but some part of fitting and spooling will come, so it will contribute in some quantity on the quantity level.
Q: How much will fittings be on quantity level?
A: Very tough to say currently.

[Q11 — Mahalati (Talati), Agility Advisors]
Q: In the data center spooling you have 185 cr of LOI. Is there a possibility of this going further, can we get more orders here, or is this the highest order we can have?
A: It's very common, once you are established and get an approval, we as a company believe we should definitely have more orders from data center coming in. Once you start your facility and a few demonstrations have been done to the end customer, it helps a lot in getting more orders. We are working towards that.
Q: Are there any more customers with whom you are having chats or inquiries for DC spooling, or will that come only after capacity is online?
A: As a company we keep working with a few more customers on the spooling line, but when you have your facility in place and start supplying it adds more push. Yes we are working with a few others also.
Q: When can we expect a pickup in export revenue? We saw a dip this quarter. Is growth from Q2 onward or will it take more time?
A: The intent is to do it in Q2 but there are geopolitical issues in this quarter Q2 mainly. So Q2 pickup might be there but definitely Q3 seems to be more good from the export perspective.
Q: Does export have higher margin than domestic, or because of increase in freight cost and power cost overall margins have taken a slight hit this quarter?
A: Generally when established in the export market you tend to earn slightly higher margin, but a few domestic orders are also there where you can get a good / similar or sometimes incremental margin. Depends case to case basis.
Q: In the 600 cr order book, what is the split between export and domestic?
A: More than 40% is export.

[Q12 — Nikhil (Nikl Chri), Toro Wealth Management]
Q: The EU has significantly reduced the safeguard quota for seamless steel tubes and pipes and beyond the quota there is a duty of 50%. Is the export revenue decline attributable to that or was it just geopolitical, and how are you planning to navigate such quotas in the EU?
A: This is mainly due to geopolitical only. The quota has been reduced by 25% only for the EU, otherwise previously also when the quota was completed (approximately 6,000 MT) the export from India was going more than that, so if they require anything seamless, India is the best source of supply for them. This was due to geopolitical only.
Q: But it will definitely come back to those levels?
A: We are exporting; Venus has a number of geographies apart from Europe — USA, Middle East, Southeast Asia also we are creating our presence. Sometimes according to our requirement, domestic demand, export demand, we used to say no for the order also when we did not have much capacity available. Recently we did good capacity expansion investment, so after that this year you'll see growth in the export revenue.
Q: On the spooling order, does the solution flow down from the... what is the product utility in the data center, is it around the building or down the studio?
A: It is in the building. The product name is SFN — secondary fluid network — in the data center. It's inside the building, from the studio to the rack.

[Q13 — Sanjay Burgodia (Bhanjay Burgodia), Alchemy]
Q: Most questions answered. On competitive intensity — are we seeing competition increase when reaching out for orders, undercutting, anything along those lines?
A: A few people are coming into this business. But as we said, length of our diversity, number of geographies, number of products and number of world markets — we should be able to give beyond this type of competition, and addition of these few products like forward integration to fitting and spooling will give us an edge to withstand.
Q: But in spooling now we have another player which is also increasing capacity. How long would it take for us to get approved by customers for spooling?
A: For new customers, each one has their own way of approving; it can take a few months, or can be at a faster pace also. As and when we start executing this current LOI it will give utmost confidence to many customers in the country and also abroad, giving a good push. Existing pipe customers who we go to with spooling would also take a few months to assess.
Q: In your current pipe business, are we seeing a lot of undercutting — how is competition behaving?
A: A bit of competition is there but not as such major undercutting.

[Q14 — Dan Thakur, Finest Capital]
Q: What are our utilization levels in the seamless segment and the welded segment — can you verify?
A: More than around 60% on welded and around 90% for seamless.
Q: Seamless contributes around 60% to revenue but even after the ramp-up and utilization with the new capacity we haven't seen much topline growth?
A: The new capacity major of it started by end of May 2026, so we will be able to see it in coming quarters.
Q: Going ahead do we expect margins to pick up / sustain?
A: The trend is there to let it increase, but it's a mixed bag of contribution from seamless and other products; when you add fitting and spooling those start contributing, margins will benefit.
Q: Any guidance on the margin side for coming years?
A: We are targeting around 18% which will keep on increasing each quarter, a good portion — the intent is that. So we remain on track for 18% margin by FY28. Yes.

[Q15 — Simran Kumari, Nolia Financial Services]
Q: On volume growth — what was the volume during the quarter and for FY27 as well as FY28? Can you share specific volume and realization growth?
A: We are not giving as such those break ups, but on the quarter there is a growth of more than 7% on a blended basis (volume).
Q: Volume for this quarter?
A: More than 7% on a blended basis. Targets — for each year the revenue guidance is more than 20% in coming two years.
Q: What will be the capacity utilization trajectory for both welded and seamless for FY27 and FY28?
A: On the side of seamless we are targeting more than 80-85% for both the years and on the side of welded exceeding 60-65%.

[CLOSING — MODERATOR / MANAGEMENT]
Due to time constraints that was the last question. Management closing: Thank you all for joining us today. I hope we addressed all your questions. We remain committed to keeping the investment community informed with regular updates. For any further information or queries please feel free to reach out to our SDA / investor relation advisor. Thanks everyone.
[END OF TRANSCRIPT]
