Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Wellspun Cor limited Q1 FY27 earnings conference call hosted by 361 Capital Market Research. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listening only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions at the end of today's presentation. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchstone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Sher Shaja from 361 Capital Market Research. Thank you and over to you sir.
Yeah, thank you Mano and welcome everyone to the call. We would like to thank uh Wilspen Cop team for giving uh 361 capital the opportunity to host this interaction today. Uh without taking much time, I would now like to invite uh Mr. Gautam to introduce the management. Over to you Gautam.
Uh thank you Sesh and good afternoon everyone. Welcome to uh Q FI27 earnings call of Wilspun Corp Limited. Uh on this forum today we have Mr. Vipul Maturing director and CEO, Mr. Percy Birdi, Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Yashawa Nagarald, director Fintex and also Mr. Hersha group head investor relations Wman World. You all uh must have gone through the results and the investor presentation of the company which are uh available on the stock exchanges and uh also on our website. During the discussion, we may be making references to this presentation. So I request you all to please refer to the safe word statement which is there in our presentation. We'll start the forum with the opening remarks by Mr. Matur and post that we'll open the floor for the Q&A. With that, let me hand over the floor to Mr. Mu. Over to you sir.
Thank you Watam and good afternoon to everyone. I welcome you all to our Q1 FY26 an earning conference call. As Gotham mentioned, we have already published a detailed investor deck along with our results which was released on Friday afternoon which I'm sure you would have got a chance to go through. So I would like to today I would like to keep my opening remarks very brief so as to leave more times to your questions and discussions. Just would like to highlight some of the key aspects to set the tone of this conversation. First financial our financial performance remain robust. We have delivered the highest ever quarterly AITA of rupes 756 cr a 35% growth on a y on y basis. Ros has remained well above 20% on an annualized basis. Our net cash position also has further improved to rups 2336 cr rupes and our order book is approximately $25,750 cr rupees almost $2.7 billion the strongest in the company's history. and it provides a robust growth visibility and underscores our exceeding footprint in the global pipeline infrastructure market. On the demand side of it, I would like to briefly touch upon the geographies in which we operate in. First, I would like to brief brief you upon USA, then Saudi and then India. So, as far as the US market is concerned, the demand remains very very buoyant. As you know, we have booked well through FY20. 28 and we are already seeing clarity emerging on FY29 as well. As we speak there are multiple projects which are being pursued and followed and are in the discussion. If if we are successful this could take us to FY2020 FY29 as well. So the US market with this demand drivers remains the the pivot for the growth for the company and it is looking extremely nice. As regards KSA market, the Saudi market the visibility in the Saudi market is very encouraging. We see a we foresee a very strong demand building up in the region on the back of the on the back of the de you know oil and gas uh and the water infrastructure investments and the reconstruction opportunities which are likely to come up in the Middle East. Also the recent events which have happened geopolitically are further reinforcing this demand and we are seeing a very small traction coming up for the linepipe demand in uh in weeks, months or years to come. As regards India, the demand, the domestic demand in India has comparatively been muted this quarter. We we see the you know we we see that fundamentally the things under the G1 mission are slowing are slow owing to the fund constraint and industry over capacity. We expect these challenges to continue and persist over the longer period of time. We are not seeing any great movement happening into the industry where we are seeing that the funds flow will happen and the demand is going to catapult back. So we have recalibrated our approach in line with the current market conditions and we have completely shifted our focus mostly to export. Even if you would see that you know on the ductile side where we have a large capacity in place and there is a large capacity or an over capacity in India we have slightly scaled it down and we are now we calibrating it with respect to the pig iron and we are make you know we are probably one of the we are probably one of the largest exporters of pig in in the in this quarter and probably in the subsequent quarters you know our strategy has been very clear that where we would like to move where there is money where there is profit we are not we are not uh we are not uh thinking in terms of recalibrating our positions and accordingly you know this is a change which we did in the last two uh last quarter But given that we have a diversified portfolio, a global footprint, this continues to be our strong, this continues to be our key strength. It insulates us from one geography or segment specific headwinds and make our earnings profile far more resilient. This is what it distinguish between us and the other players. You know, our geographical expansion of our multraphy presence is comes to help in such times as regards WSS. The Wspman specialty is steel limited. It the company remains on track and progressing as planned. The thermal and nuclear energy, defense, aerospace, oil and gas, petrochemicals continue to stimulate the demand for stainless steel bath and seamless pipe. In addition, a strong emphasis on domestic manufacturing. The make in India initiative is also driving demand. As you know, we are the only integrated player in the field having our own steel making capacity, our own rolling capacity and our own pipe making. capacity. I think so this puts us into a much favorable position in days to come when we would be talking about and we when the India would be progressing towards more value added products like applications in the nuclear uh area also we are seeing a strong traction coming up in that particular uh uh direction the nuclear and the power sector and uh we are we are absolutely prepared to cater to that demand. So from structurally from the availability point of view and from the research and devel velment and developments of some very very niche grade. I think that the company has done exceedingly well and is preparing itself for a long haul of growth in days to come. Coming to the syntax, it is you know as we see that the Indian domestic market is muted. It it is it is because of that the syntax is also impacted because of that because the trickle of the fund is not happening to the ground and that is where they are also impacted. But we are using this time we are preparing ourselves for the long haul. This time will go is going to change. We are preparing at this point in time. We are expanding our customer base. You know, our dealer network, our distribution network, our influencer network on a quarteronquarter basis is expanding. We are investing heavily in that particular fundamental base. We are we are going ahead with all that our announced capex so that you know we are absolutely prepared when the market rebounds back. I we believe that it will be a matter of time that the market is going to rebound and at that point in time with our syntax portfolio which is an icon portfolio in our you know in in our broke is is going to have the maximum benefits coming out of that and though at that point in time when the market rebounds we do not want to be caught into a cycle that we do not have this or we do not have that. So basic basically we are preparing ourselves for the tanks we are preparing ourselves for all type of pipes we are preparing for all type of fittings we are preparing ourselves for the OPVC and you know all that work structurally and fundamentally what is required and is the need of the hour which will gravitate to a future growth of this company is being done at this point in time. So it's a time well being used at this point in time and I am very sure that this is going to be one of you know we would see one of the stellar performances coming up from syntax in u in subsequent months or quarters or years to come as the market improves in terms of our ongoing capex in KSA and Little Rock. I just wanted to update that both the projects with Saudi and in America we are we have invested heavily for our growth. They are going absolutely fine. There have been some minor disturb expenses because of this issue the geopolitical issue but you know we were very lucky that you know none of our capital equipments got impacted because of that we are looking we are absolutely on track and you know we are for both the locations let's say for our project in Saudi as well as in little rock we are more than confident that both the projects will be absolutely on track up and running by the end of this year we would see the full impact of their performance coming up in FY 2028 The markets are looking very buo in both the both the economies, both the geographies. We would be ready by the end of this year. We would be able to capitalize upon the emerging demand in both these markets and that will get reflected in our FY2028 projections, earnings and profitability. Last but not the least, we our you know our ESG performance continues to strengthen the foundation for resilient growth and sustained value creation. We are as a as a responsible responsible conglomerate. We are absolutely clearly focused on our ESG goals. You know on a yearon-year basis our ES DJSI rating ESG ratings have only been going up. We have taken multiple steps multiple steps in terms of further improving our ratings and we believe that you know this is the core fundamental which has also has to be focused along with your operations and the markets which is going to create a sustainable value for all the stakeholders and the shareholders in time to come. With this I would like to you know I would like the moderator to open the floor for the question. As I said I would like to keep my opening today very very brief so that we could spend a lot more time in terms of answering all your questions and answers what you might have. So back to the moderator please for opening the floor for any question and answer please. Thank you.
Thank you very much sir. We will now begin the question and answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press star and one on their touchstone telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from the Question cube, you may press star and two. Participants are requested to use handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll wait for a moment while the question cube assembles. We have our first question from the line of Sha from Securities. Please go ahead.
Yeah, thank you so much for taking up my question, sir. So, first of all, uh just wanted to ask from the Saudi region. So, some other Indian players uh organized fairs are also putting up capacities in the sie region. So wanted to know whether are we seeing an increase in competitive intensity in this region given that demand scenario for both line pipes and DI pipes seems to be very strong there. So that's my first question here.
Sorry, good morning. I think so that's a fair question you are asking. Number one, we also see that uh you know the the competitive landscape is increasing in Saudi. I I have reasons to believe that it is going to take uh it is going to take some time before the you know these will really start uh uh you know coming on the their capacities would start coming onto the ground or impacting but having said that I don't think so that there is a cause of any undue concern for a simple reason that the market size and the cake itself is so very big enough that I'm sure that everyone would have a reasonable amount of uh reasonable amount of bookings or reasonable amount of uh market size to themselves let's not forget that a we have been on the ground for more than 15 years I think so that gives us a fairly distinct advantage in comparison to the others. Number one, in terms of our understanding of the market, in terms of our customer relationship to the market, I think so we are much we are better placed in comparison to the others. I'm not saying that you know others will not gain any momentum or they will not gain market share. But I think so the market size is big enough to accommodate every one of them. Of course with us being in a leading position, it will have uh you know we will definitely have our our share and I'm sure that others who are are also investing in due course of time as and when their capacities will come up on the table. I'm sure that they will also get benefited out of that.
Okay, great. I understood sir and any uh update regarding the anti-dumping investigation that was going on for DI pipes in Saudi. So any any further progress there?
No, there is a significant progress which is happening. Of course, we are you know means it is absolutely happening in the right direction and it is by stat it is statue by law that you know once we have the domestic capacities coming up you know the import the cheaper imports have to stop. I think so this is what the Saudi law says and I think so it things are moving in that particular direction and I am sure that by the time our capacities will come in you know by that time this investigation on other other administrative procedures which are also going on in parallel should also get over which means that you know it will purely be a domestic play in times to come when we are ready.
Okay great uh just one last question so despite the aggressive gap the leverage profile continues to remain very strong for western. So uh just wanted to know where do we expect to land in terms of let's say the peak net debt by FI27 and FI28. If you could just uh give some brief numbers there.
Sorry, we have very clearly stipulated and maintained our position consistently that you know we operate under a particular guardrails. If you see my investor presentation, we have very clearly said our guardrails would be that you know in terms of rosé we will maintain a ros of more than 20%, and the second guardrail which we are very very particular about is is is our debt to a beta and which is going to be less than one. So at no point in time you know we are going to exceed that you know the good part is that all these capexes what we are doing you know they are despite that you know we are still in a very strong cash net cash position I think so this is what is the situation going to be moving forward as well uh there is a sufficient you know free cash flow the all the businesses are throwing so I don't see our profile uh getting changed and we don't see our balance sheet getting liberated rather it will only be becoming more healthier in days to come.
All sir thank you. Thank you so much sir and uh just yeah sir just a question one last question. So could you uh provide the breakout of the India and west business volumes if possible?
Uh we would that you please kindly take offline as a process. We don't disclose that in a uh you know on the call but if you have something specific I think so you can reach out to Gotham and Pulsey. I think so they they could be happy to share that piece. I hope you understand.
Okay,
great. Great. Okay, no issue. Thank you so much for answering the question, sir.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Nathan Aurora from Access Mutual Fund. Please go ahead.
Hi sir. Uh
good afternoon. Uh there just one question on this. Uh
sorry to interrupt you Nathan. Can you please use your handset?
Yeah, I'm on my handset. Am I audible now?
Yes. Okay. Thank you. So just one question on on this associate company um for uh what you have proposed of taking a 26% stake uh for manufacturing and dealing in GGPS which is the blast witness slack uh can you tell us what is the rational behind it and why we are entering into uh this business if you can throw some light
uh Nathan good afternoon to you I think so that's a very fair point you are raising see at at the end of the day we are very clear that we have to create wealth out of the waste you know We have been you know we have been generating slag we have been selling the slag to various people. All what we are not trying to do is to slightly structure it. We are not doing any capital investment for that. You know there the capital investment is being done by some third party you know in in our premises. We have only taken a sort of a small equity stake into that mandatory equity stake into that particular company. It's at a very notional value just to as so as to have a full proper control on that. The whole objective is that you know we were generating slab earlier. We will continue to generate slab. We were selling the slabs earlier uh slag earlier. We will continue to sell the slag. But now that slag will be converted from waste to wealth in our premises through a third party in which we have an equity stake. That will help that will help environmentally to us. Number one and number two it will also bring in additional revenue to us with no capex being done.
So the total capital allocation would not increase from here to from this.
No no it is just a is just a notional stakeholding we have in that we are not doing not doing any capital investment into that.
Great. Great to hear that. Second, on your opening remark, the way you articulated demand that uh you are even seeing visibility for FI29. Uh any thought process of where you're thinking now on capex for FI29? Uh because I'm sure the way um I'm able to read your opening comment uh you know uh it looks like uh rather you are expecting more uh you know capex from the Saudi and other areas. So can you we don't want exact number but uh if that can articulate to what kind of a capex you are in massaging going into FI29 is there a need to upsize the capex from here is uh wanted to know and second given the very strong cash generation which I think the management has been guiding uh over the last 3 years any inorganic opportunity you see in your business. Uh so just these two questions sir
uh Nan in terms of capex I think so we have disclosed that what are the capex which we are doing in our Saudi business and in our US business you know that capex cycle started almost one year back almost we are done we are done with almost 60 60 65% of our capex the balance capex will get exhausted in this particular year all that numbers are in public disclosure number one number two beyond that we have not we are not committing for any other capex at this point in time it is now time to to you know to use to to have the max minimum mileage and the benefit out of the capex what are being done so to your question are is there any incremental capex over and above what we have announced the answer is no number one number two to your question about the cash generation inorganic I think so these are these are good questions to have these you know first as I have always said we would like first like the we would first like the money to come in our bank and that then these are these are good problems to have let the money be in the bank I think so we have a very very fair independent and a very you know uh incredible board And I'm sure that you know we will they will be in a position to guide as to what need to be done. At this point in time there is nothing on the table just to report.
All the all the best sir and all the team. Thank you.
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of P buffs from Invest. Please go ahead.
Hi sir. Uh thank you for the opportunity and congratulation on good set of numbers. Sir I have a few questions. Uh the first one uh related to dem And so there are a couple of projects that were announced and or are which are announced new. One is like India Saudi subc gas pipeline and the other one is Keystone XL project. So wanted to get a sense if the tendering has started for these you know projects. Uh I honest I have not I'm not aware of anything called India Saudi pipeline project to be honest. I'm pardon me for my ignorance on that. I have not seen anything like that or I might it might have it might have missed my attention generally it does not but must have missed out maybe you might be referring to India Oman pipeline or something that could be that could be that that we have seen was being a point of discussion I think so this is if that is what the question is I think so it's in the early stages this has pipeline has been in discussion for a fairly long time there are challenges it is not an easy project to do but I'm sure given the geopolitical situation what right now we are facing I'm sure that this you So it might see at the some uh light at the end of the tunnel but it is still far off. Number one. Number two you are talking about the KXL. I'm hope you are referring to the North American pipeline. I think so in North America there are couple of things which are being discussed. Nothing in particular called KXL but there are lot of lot of different pipelines in different aars are being discussed and that is what I said in the opening remark that that such discussions are giving us a sort of a visibility that uh that you know the FY29 demand also could be robust. Sir would it be possible to name a few big projects?
Those see the projects generally do not have name in America if you know you know generally they are you know those projects are being discussed with the midstream companies they are discussed in strict confidence generally these projects only get a name when they are FID and that's we also come to know of the name of the projects at that point in time that what all we have been discussing and the name of the project is X Y or Z honestly speaking I do not have an uh I do not have a visibility on the name of the projects what we are discussing all what we are discussing with various mid-stream companies multiple projects and uh which is giving us a sort of attraction and a comfort that FY29 demand looks fairly robust in US market as well
got it got it uh sir uh a few bookkeeping questions uh in terms of our order book 20 25,750 crores would it be possible to give a US India split
uh we can do that I think so offline you can pick up with Percy and Gotham they should be in a position to give that split. I I would not have readily available but uh definitely part you can definitely have respons please.
Got it. And and sir in terms of our KSA capacities uh so just to like you know get a get the timelines right or KSA was supposed to come up in Q2 right is it is it being a push to end of Q4 or is this is the timeline still Q2 F27?
No I think what we mentioned earlier was Q2 you know given this geopolitical situation there had been some minor hiccups here and there but that you know it has not slipped the whole nothing much have slipped I think so we should still be seeing progress you know we are talking about two facilities and two these two facilities should progressively be coming up in the by the by the by the quarter three in any case
okay and then similarly sir and Elsa in USA would be Q4 in USA is up and running you know it has already it has already come on stream. It is up and running. We are we have commissioned it. We have successfully done all the trials. Right now we you know the mill has completely stabilized and now at this point in time we have orders and we are about to start you know execution of certain orders out of that particular mail that is with respect to HFI with respect to our alpha plan you know we said that in any it will be coming by the end of the year in FY27 it will be there. We are more than confident that by the end of the year that capacity will also be up and running. So pretty much on track pretty much on schedule. Got it. And sir just last question to get a sense on KSA. So how are the order inflows or inquiries uh for our facilities in KSA? Uh there's a lot of discussions which we have seen which have started earlier you know we were all talking that you know this market will exponentially grow because of the recent situations which have emerged. Now those discussions are moving into the next phase where the engagements are happening. Then it will move on to the next phase where the tenders would happen and then it will get to the fourth phase. where the awards will happen. So that is the process that is the life cycle that uh under which it happens. I think so it has moved from phase one to phase two which is a very very encouraging situation and uh it is also reinforcing the fact that you know what we have been saying that you know there is going to be an exponential demand buoyancy which is going to come up in that particular market. This this discussions are clearly reflecting that.
Got it. And so just if I can squeeze in sorry to interrupt you may please request you to rejoin. Thank you.
Yes. Thank you.
Thank you
ladies and gentlemen. In order to ensure that the management is able to address questions from all participants in the conference, please limit your questions to two per participants. Should you have a follow-up question, we request you to rejoin the queue. A reminder to all participants, you may press star and one to ask a question. We have our next question from the lineup. Sneha from NUMA, please go ahead.
Hi team, good afternoon and Congratulations on super strong set of results. Just couple of questions from mine. Uh firstly on your margins this particular quarter we have seen phenomenal jump in margins. How sustainable these margins are and the order book which you already have in place. What are the kind of epida per ton especially on the US side are we certain of for both 27 and 28.
So sn good afternoon to you. Uh let's say for to the first question with respect to margin I think the way we track we are not tracking we are I'm not tracking through margin. See margin is the factor of raw material pricing versus is the profitability of what you do and you know typically the product mix in that particular quarter. We we stand by to the absolute abita numbers that for which we give the guidance number one margins margins are various it has many variable factors around it. So I would rather not like to comment on the margin side of it but you know I stand committed to the to the absolute numbers what we have committed to that number one. Number two With respect to the aud 26,2.7 billion an order audio book and which is a very very strong audio book as I said that you know we will be in a position to give you the split between India and in in the US. I think so that's what your question is I think so offline our earlier participant also asked for that Mr. Py and Gotham will be in a much better position to give you an absolute detail about that that what is that split to looking like but it is it is heavily loaded towards us at this point in time to be fair. Um because what I meant was in that particular order book what sort of a per visibility do we have? We understand that you know you have a healthy order book from the US part. So what sort of margins are we making a per ton on those businesses and also in terms of order could you give us uh that you know what portion of this order book is driven by the data center uh you know team that you know uh even we are participating in
right so you know a bit of a turn is uh in US You know we historically have given a clear guidance that a bit per turn in the US are close to $300 per ton today it's slightly it's an exceptional scenario we are we are into so the AIA per turn definitely are much higher than what we have given a guidance but is you know you need to for a on a sustainable basis what you need to consider is that a guidance for us is almost $300 per turn today slightly more number one number two coming to the split part of it about the data center right now the the split between the data centers and the LNG going to the Gulf Coast for export I think so the ratios are close to 20 80 or 20 80% is still going towards or 75% is still going to the Gulf Coast for export 25% is a split which might be going to the data center I might be slightly vary here and there by a few percentage point but the shift now in years in in in the subsequent bookings what will happen we would see that this shift increasing more towards data centers and reducing towards the export side of So this is a shift we are seeing out there and uh but for for us what really matters is that now earlier we were completely or the market was completely dependent on LNG export. Now there's an alternate you know consumption pattern or consumption center which has emerged which is data center and which is growing on a quarteronquarter basis. So that's a very healthy and a very welcoming sign in an economy which is growing and you know uh and opening up new avenues for us and our investments there.
Understood. And Lastly on the order book side uh how much of this order book would be pertaining to FI 29. Do we have something coming up even there now?
Right now no right now what we have is mostly till FY28 we would be done pretty much of that what I mentioned earlier to the earlier call uh call in the earlier questions. We are seeing a good traction for FY29. We are we are seeing a lot of projects being discussed. Our teams are engaged with multiple mid-stream companies out there and you know they are evaluating multiple options. It's it's long way out to be honest. FY 209 is a long way out but the engagements have already started and that gives us the confidence that you know it might be sooner rather than later we may have a visibility clear visibility emerging for FY29 as well.
That was helpful. Thanks. Thanks a lot. All the best to you.
Thanks.
Thank you. A reminder to all participants please restrict yourself to only two questions per participant. Should you have a follow-up question, we request you to join the queue. We have our next question from the line of Danj from Alchemy Capital. Please go ahead.
Hello. Hello.
Yeah. Good afternoon.
Good afternoon, sir. Um, so most of my questions are answered. Just one question.
Sorry to interrupt you, Danj. Can you please use your handset?
I don't want my handset.
Oh,
is it better? Please talk. spoken person so we could see that back.
Good. Can you hear me now?
Yes. Yes.
So, so most of my questions are answered. Just one question. So, since Saudi Arabia uh there there's so much demand there was an asset available. Did we look at that which was uh available to be sold?
Uh Danj I don't I I don't know which asset are you referring to please?
The one which another Indian company had also acquired. Uh
okay. Okay. Now we we see we continuously scout around for asset. See you have to understand Westpen is a high quality standard mill right. We you know for us for us our reputation
you know is uh paramount and that comes through that comes through a very very high quality product what we ser you know we give to our customers worldwide. We we I'm sure our technical team would have evaluated that and uh I'm sure that they did not found it very encouraging in terms of to support that. So to your point at some point in time we did have a look at it but in our to in our framework you know of a quality framework it probably was not fitting in. So that's the reason you know we did not wanted to go ahead on that
and but wasn't it attractively priced also but then uh you know got a like a uh early payback also on that acquisition.
I think we are we are talking here of a very very heavy engineering product. used for very precision sector. You know, you please understand that these pipes are carrying oil, these pipes are carrying gas and every pipe is very very critical. You know, you can you have to have an 100% comfort and a confidence on every piece of pipe what you produce, right? So, it is not we are not talking commodity here. Uh you know, and we have a reputation to live to, you know, we have we are a global scale company. You know, we have built this reputation on quality and abs impeccable quality over a period of time. We would not have felt comfortable with the asset class or with the quality. I'm not saying it it would have been bad or it is not good. I'm not saying that. Don't get me wrong. But it would not be fitting into Wilspun standards. So probably we would have overlooked that. So we are not we are not driving through that it is a attractive valuations and all that stuff. You know that's not the way we look we look at the companies. We look it from purely from a qualitative point of view and our global positioning and you know our leadership positioning.
Sure. And congratulations again for a good ceremon. Thank you.
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Rakkesh from Nine Rovers Capital. Please go ahead.
Hi sir, am I?
Yes Rakkesh.
Uh hi sir, thank you for the opportunity. Many congratulations for great set of and thank you very much for the detail report that has come out for the 26. It's very detailed that is highlighting the existing entrepreneur very well. Thank you so very well for that. Uh majority of my questions are answered. So this is two questions. First with respect to the uh debate on the profitability in this contract when you look at the volume growth time by volume growth versus the growth for the business has come very strongly north of 30% growth. Can you is that correct? In this quarter of a higher margin that's why the growth is higher and the government quarter the growth is more Rakkesh I think so you know if you see I have always been a propagand that you know see we are a project based company right it is and we are we are geographically positioned at two or three locations you know the product mix the you know the requirement the deliveries they keep on changing my I have always been a propagand that this company need not to be looked on a quarteronquarter basis I think so this is a company to be looked on a year-on-year basis you have to have that belief that whatever is the guidance is given whatever is you know have we been able to deliver as what we have promised I think so it is very difficult to track this company on a quarter on quarter basis because you really do not know what is going to be the product mix what is the steel arrival schedule what is your production what is your dispatch what is your invoicing what is your this and that so it becomes extremely difficult to uh track it on a quarter and please understand these are all these projects what we execute are large scale projects they go over multiple quarters you know so you know to to qualify it on a quarteron quarter basis I find it extremely difficult. However, I wish I may try to do that. I am unable to do justice. So, please understand my position kindly look at this company on a year on basis and if you have any questions, any doubt or any point around that I will be more than happy to address that. Please help. Thank you. First question.
Thank you. Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Vikas Singh from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. Good afternoon sir and thank you for the opportunity. First of all very congratulation on very good set of number. So my question is that slightly on a long-term perspective as we have seen that nowadays the major oil producing countries like middle east or US prefer the localized production and that's why we are putting plants in Saudi as well. Going forward Indian capacity has always been more towards in the export segment. So Just wanted to understand going in this next three or four years forward, do we see further Indian capacities getting shifted to other geographies and if not then what are the other pockets where we can actually utilize these capacities as the Saudi will get more capacities and more demand would shift inhouse versus the impost. Uh very good afternoon and good to hear from you. You know it's always good to have a you know so very so deep thought and quot rooted questions greatly appreciated. See, I will not be in a position to comment on as to what others or the what others Indians conglates will do. But one thing you have to keep in mind, see, you know, putting up a green field project into unknown territories is not a easy cakewalk. Please, it is very difficult. You know, the local laws, the local regulations, the local culture, the local dynamics. I think so. It takes its own time. It has its own you know we why we have been slightly ahead or successful if I may say so because we were present in both the geographies let us say in America as well in Saudi for the last 15 16 years we have been on the ground it is not that we had a supplier relationship but we were only producing in India and supplying there we were physically present on the ground we understand we we understand the nuances much better than others would have it not that others will not be able to do it but they will find it very very difficult so setting up green field or brownfield projects in such economy is is not an easy thing. Number one. Number two, India is has a very high concentration. That's that's a fair point you are making. Now whether with this concentration and most of the facility or capacities which are there in India were more inwardlooking. They were more servicing the domestic requirement. Now the domestic requirement definitely is receding at this point in time. At least there is a little lack of visibility and you know adjustment which is going to happen there. So India market is slightly muted. I'm Sure that you know everyone would be trying for export at this point in time. I believe that. But you also have to understand that as it is difficult to set up a green field or a brown field capacity also you have to understand that getting approvals and accreditions is also a challenge. You know if you really have to work with the tier one producers of the world there is a process of approvals and accreditions. There is a there is a you know there is a very high quality standards which are required absolutely to a scale you know which are very very difficult to achieve so that is also so there are deterrence to get into that it is a timeconuming process so and this is where wellspun is slightly blessed because all with all our approvals and accreditions which are global in nature and with the tier ones we already have you know that is giving us a sort of a head start over the others and our geographical presence into the other markets is giving a head start I'm sure others will also be trying to do that I wish them all the But it is not as easy as what we contemplate at this point in time.
Noted sir. So my second question pertains to our cash utilization as we like to maintain our ROC at 20% or above. Um cash is becoming a problem because we already have a pretty high cash uh position and I believe that it is going to increase only further. So deployment of this cash any thought process on that is if you could share with us would be really helpful.
Uh because you know first and foremost today we all recognize cash is king. I think so there is nothing called there is no ambiguity around that. So it is a good problem to have first and foremost but I completely understand that in a way it is also counterproductive you know we are very clear that it its deployment you know has to be figured out now whether it is by virtue of dividend buyback you know investment all those things are you know all those things are very well understood at our end. number one but we strongly believe that right now we still have we have a decent amount of cash but we are still into the capex cycle but we also believe that in the subsequent quarters you know there will be a more cash flow which will coming in we will be sitting by the end of the year at a substantial amount of cash and I'm sure that at that by that point in time we will have figured out an answer there are multiple things which are being discussed and you I only want to assure one thing see at the end of the day what you know the capital allocation is going to be extremely extremely judicious. We are very very clear and if you see for the last 2 years we have very clearly given our guardrails. Our guardrails are that we will go into our proven geographies, core geographies and core products only. You know number two we will only invest where the resources are more than 20%. Number three that at no point in time we would see our net debt to going up beyond uh it has to be under under 1%. So these are the guardrails which our board has set for us under that only and you know we will we will do any capital allocation and trust you me believe me that it will be very very judicious you will not no investor will feel ever disappointed because of that
sure sir I do trust you thank you that's all from my side and all the best
thank you Vikas
thank you a reminder to all participants please restrict yourself to only two questions per participant should you have a follow-up question we request you to rejoin the queue
the next question is from the line of Nishantas from 361 asset management Please go ahead.
Yeah. Hi sir, thank you for the opportunity. There's just one question uh digging into the US uh North American data center potential. I think there is a lot of discussion even in the US that they're going to fall short of the natural gas generation capacity for the data center side like close to 100 gawatt has been kind of been under development but approved list is much smaller.
Um I think you obviously talking to a lot of midstream guys and they are doing what they can like like a fanbridge atmosphere trying to do whatever they can the fact that you have a capacity coming on stream you're in the unique position is it possible for you to kind of be nominated directly from some of these customers for some of the larger programs coming up because I think the window for some of these programs to get initiative is probably less than 12 months uh if that is the case you mentioned you have no new plans of capex but I'm just trying to think from your management advantage age if your capacity gets completely booked for say potentially 29 as well uh what's the lead time for new plan like I'm just trying to uh think that from your vantage point
Nishant uh thank you Nishant the I think so that's a very great question see first and foremost to set up any plant in America is you know for a for someone like us who is present there who already on the ground it's at least an 18 to 24 months process first and foremost if someone intends to even do a green field part of it I I do not know what time it will take because you know everything is on everything is on fire in uh America so is there a threat of any new capacities coming up and if someone would like to explore good luck to them but I don't think so that you know it is something which need someone need to even venture about because things are not as uh as as what we see from here number two you know the we also believe that You know there is a tipping point you have you could you could we could see a demand you know we are seeing a very structural demand for the next 5 to 7 years time right out of which we are only booked for 2 years time and maybe potentially we can you know as the things will progress we can book for another year or so even if we start thinking beyond adding our more capacity which we don't want to do that I think so it is beyond a tipping point because over capacity is also detrimental to uh into a market which is growing so we do not believe I think so right Now, right now we believe in US the type of capacities what we have and the type of capacities our competitive landscape has is having. I think so with that it has reached to a point that there probably is no need to add any capacity because if we really want to see the momentum if we really want to see the margins being maintained I think so the best way would be to maintain the capacity levels at at this uh at this level itself and we believe that I think so this is a sort of a general sense I'm getting and in any case you know any any newcomer putting up a plant is next to impossible. It is not possible and even if someone new ventures he's going to bleed that so I think so from a capacity point of view we everyone seems to have reached to a certain optimization level let's not forget that we are also a project business this is also a cyclical business all what we are seeing is a five seven years of a sustained growth but then if you have an over capacity then this you know that also comes and bites you at your back you know when when the sun is not shining that you know if the sun is not as China as it is now. So we are we are very clear that at this point in time we have done what we would need to do. We have positioned ourselves. We want to maintain our leadership position which we have. We want to have a particular market share which we have. We will continue to maintain our market share. That's what we have invested for. Beyond that we are not looking at anything at this point in time.
Thanks for that uh clarification s. So can we then uh assess the fact that I I'm not comparing it like to light but there was obviously similar shortage on the on the data center build out from memory and I think if gas becomes a uh let's say a short roadblock for growth uh and memory could you is there a pricing level which you can uh extract from the customers and you talked about margins I think then there is a much larger headroom for margin expansion uh in the US if if some of the things that we talked about data center buildout happens for you guys is that understanding correct
that's a fair understanding I think so the margins margin profile has been increasing it has been what it was two years back and what is it for now and what is it going to be in future. I think so the margin profile incrementally has been better and the and the and the and please understand on the other side of the table are intelligent buyers they completely understand that I think so the name of the game is all about how quickly they can be how quickly they can be into the particular market and how quickly they can be served and that is one of the USP what bring upon the table and that has helped them to be quicker into the market and at the same time they have rewarded us with a margin expansion so it's a it's a two way process. It is very very open, transparent and that's the strength of that is the strength of that particular market.
Super. Thank you so much and all the best.
Thank you.
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of NRA Desh Pande from Mars at Sher Khan. Please go ahead.
Uh good afternoon sir and thank you for giving me this opportunity and congratulations on the great set of numbers and the new record level of global orders. book. Uh my first question is pertaining with the DI5 as you have flags about the funding constraints under this geldriven mission impacting the domestic marketing demand. So uh with is the like the strategic private shifting towards the grand exports more this time. So can you quantify the current exports against and what would be the sustainability about this strategy as a margin reward?
So uh Mr. Panda you are right I think so the domestic demand for DI which was under J1 mission is under severe pressure and we see that it is going to be there for a significant longer period of time. You know I we were expecting that things in H2 should improve but the way I think so the priorities are changing for for valid reasons. I I mean I completely respect that looks like that this is going to be a sort of a sustainable pain for a sustainable period of time. So all what we are trying to do is recalibrating our complete strategy while we will continue to focus on our DIP business. There is still a market. We are still you know we are still a large player of DI player DI in the DI market. We will continue to focus the domestic market. We will we have advantages position on servicing the export market but both the domestic and export market. Apart from that it will also give us an opportunity to you know to do some big exports and that's what we have opted for. At the end of the day the bottom line remains that we rem despite the challenges which are there into the domestic market we still need to be very profitable. So that's the strategy which which we have calibrated our change to I think so this is a right strategy a domestic presence export focus and a blend of and a blend of pattern coming into play and uh and I think so that these three things put together will continue to give us a margin profile what we are looking at
okay okay not sir and uh the my last question it is uh about the runoff B that is of epic so about just would like to ask about this post partial epics cell What would be the rest of shareholding in epic as any other monetization which is planned or as this is a one-off deal so that has shown a good amount of exceptional gains this time in this caus you know epic is a strategic asset for us right and you know while we have been slightly diluting our positions here and there recently being four four and a half% But after that also we have more than 22% of the share 22% shareholding out there. We are still the largest shareholder and we will continue to be the largest shareholder. Number one it is a very strategic fit for us because you know it offers us you know Epic and our 100% stock which is coming up in Saudi I think so these two companies put together brings a sort of a very unique portfolio on the table which is unparalleled. So you know our int you know we will continue to invest in Epic. We have no further intentions of diluting it. This 3 or 4% dilutions what we have done was done with a very specific purpose with a very strategic init in intention and growing that money bringing it out from the Saudi market and employing it in the Saudi market only. So it is not that we are bringing that money home or we are taking it anywhere else. We are only divesting and investing into the Saudi market so that our portfolio the comprehensive portfolio between Epic and the Wellspun becomes such a formidable portfolio and that becomes the key driver for our growth in years to come. Okay. Okay. Okay, sir. Thank you, sir. Thank you so much.
Thank you.
Thank you. A reminder to all participants, please restrict yourself to only two questions per participant. Should you have a follow-up question, we request you to rejoin the queue. The next question is from the line of Retesia from Invest. Please go ahead.
Hi sir, thanks for the opportunity. Uh so first question is why is it we are not increasing our full your guidance because specifically when we look at uh midstream owner operators I think all of them are actually doing well they have also increased their uh guidance uh for the full year uh any specific reason to be conservative
uh ret that's that's our philosophy a guide what we we don't want to revise our guidances we have given it the start of the year we are into a project based business did you anyone anticipated this war will continue like this no Nobody right will it will it sustain to this particular period nobody I think so there are events which keeps on changing over a you know over a period of time on which you have no visibility to so I think so it's not prudent on our part to keep on changing the guidance what is important is to give a realistic guidance number one and work hard in terms of achieving that or exceeding that if you see the track record in the last four years whatever guidances we have given we have always met them if not exceeded them right and in in those period of 12 months you know so many things you politically keeps on changing which you have no control of. So I think so as a philosophy we believe in giving a realistic guidance not creating a disappointment rather you know bringing truthful thing on the table and keep our investors you know happy saying that you know this is what they this is what the bare minimum they are going to see if we are able to do better nobody's nobody's going to mind that so I think so that's a part of our philosophy operating philosophy which we operate in uh
yeah sir if I just flip the question around saying like uh probably you're not changing the guidance because we already have the order book uh which is fixed we know the volumes we know the profitability probably that might be reason we are not changing it but sir if I have to just uh ask you a question you did point upon FI29 some visibility incrementally emerging uh given the situation that we are in is quite strong uh what is the thresholds when you are seeing no to orders right now because I think in one of the prior questions you did indicate for us we are making more than $300 uh $300 was a normalized average historically Okay. So uh uh is it that we are saying no to two orders have our thresholds on ROC murab? So you did give a number of 20% but is 20% number higher at this conjecture. See this was relevant when we were talking of FY28. Right now when we are talking of FY 29 you know their discussions are at a very early stage because see you also have to understand that you know for for for me the we also have to have a very clearcut substrate strategy which is a steel strategy. So it is not an easy answer to you know to commit immediately for FY29 you know for any steel suppliers to also commit for FY29 assured delivery at a fixed pricing also becomes equally challenging. So it is not a oneon it is not a one one data point discussion it is a multiple data point discussion we our capacity availability number two the steel guys what what are they thinking about it and the total demand into the market I think so these three points we triangulate that basically is that what is the right fit for all three of you know right fit for westbound is basis that we take a decision we have basis that we have taken decision till FY28 right now as I as we speak we are triangulating these points coming to a broad consensus for FY29 and the good part is that I what I've been saying that the good part is that at least the discussions for FY 29 has started but whether you know we have we triangulated the strategy have we reached to a broad consensus I think so it will evolve over a period of time we are in no rush we are in no hurry But we have a very clear objective that how can we improve our margin profile as what we have over FY28. So that is with the it is with that objective we are working around that we have reached to have we reached to any conclusions the answer is no but I'm sure that you know we will we will get there sooner rather than later.
Sure sir just one followup when we say 24750 cr of order book uh is it possible to uh put a a value on tenages over here? value of sorry I didn't get your question
on on tons tons so the reason so 24750 looks beautiful because of section 232 uh steel pricing obviously is very high in US
uh so if we have to look at it from a how should we look at it
look at from absolute value this is what is going to happen over the next two years time why why should you
volume volume
volume uh I'm I'm looking at it from a utilization level standpoint as well so uh uh is it is it possible to quantify it in a volutric basis?
It is difficult difficult because it also has other businesses embedded into that also right the India business is also embedded into that you know the futuristic uh you know there some WSL so it is difficult I'm not saying that it cannot be quant it is not quantifiable but it is difficult but you have to understand where do we stand we stand that we give a guidance that okay guys this year our turnover is going to be like this and our margin aid is going to be like this I think. So that is what we are focused on rather than volumes or the percentage because the more variables you like to bring into the play the more confusion we create. So we want to be very clear very straight very upfront so that and very transparent that this is what we are committing this is what we are delivering if we can do better trust you me you will not leave any stone unturned to do things better I hope you that that comfort and that confidence you will be having on this team and on this management.
Sure sir and sir just last question quickly. Uh you indicated first.
Sorry to interrupt you sir. May we please request you to rejoin the queue.
Sure.
Thank you.
Ladies and gentlemen, please restrict yourself to only two questions per participant. We have our next question from the line of Sidani from Integrity Ventures. Please go ahead. Yes, I there Uh am I audible?
Yeah. Yes, you are. Uh
hi. Uh congratulations on setup number sir. Uh sir on volumes uh I I understand you said we we shall not look at volume on quarterly basis but u uh if if I compare this on a quarteronquarter basis we are seeing a uh volume D growth. So is there any uh is there any any reason for that or or the orders are getting executed in less quarter that is the reason for this problem.
As I said uh yes you know you know this volume deg see volume deg growth or growth is a factor of what you are producing in that particular quarter right I I really do not know that you know whether it is a degrowth I don't think so it will be a degrowth but assuming for a minute it is a degrowth that's that's specifically validating my point that I do not want to discuss on a quarteronquarter basis we really want to disc discuss it on a year-on-year basis for a simple reason that you really do not know what product list you are running what what type of sales you are booking you know that sort of a visibility that sort of a granular visibility is so very difficult to predict on a quarter on quarter basis on a yearly basis we know that okay this is the volume we are able to do this is the topline revenue we are able to do and with the with the steel completely has and the margin profile what we have we are able to give a clearcut guidance on the EIA number I so we would like to keep it that way we would not like to comment on quarteron quarter growth or degrowth Please.
Okay. Got it. Uh the second question question would be on u basically the domestic business. So uh since you mentioned domestic business has seen muted demand but and but we have seen that syntax uh business has seen a uh negative margins and uh margins are increasing negatively. So how are you looking at that uh number specifically?
No no no syntax see please do not see syntax mark. business as negative. We are you know this is a you know this is a iconic brand number one yes number two you know and this is a B2C play right if I am heavily invested into branding and marketing whether the market is good bad or ugly doesn't matter you know there are three things fundamentally we will do number one we will continue to expand our base which is the distributor the retailers and the influencers come what may number one number two we will continue to invest into the capex what we have already announced so that we are able to capture on the growth when the growth comes in and number three this is a B2C business you understand that un unless and until you do not have the branding and the marketing expense completely embedded into that you you know this B2C business don't grow so we don't see this as a seasonal business we see this as a long haul business we are preparing ourselves for the long haul this is a crown in our jewel we are more than confident about this company and you you you know don't be surprised that you know when when the market conditions improve it could be one of the most successful turnaround history story in the country.
Okay. Thank you so much.
Thank you.
Thank you. We have our next question from the lineoffs. So Jooshi from ASC Consultants. Please go ahead.
Am I audible sir?
Yesh. Good afternoon.
Uh so my first question is with regard to the expansion of east to west pipeline by the Saudi Arabia to the Red Sea so that they can transport the oil surpassing the state of Hormuz. Is this discussion gaining any momentum? I mean are you aware of these discussions?
Uh so we are number one and on what we are hearing and what we are seeing on the ground are two different realities. What we are hearing is much less than what is happening on the ground. Definitely East West is a is a very active project which is under discussion and I think so lot of steps you know the government of Saudi Arabia and especially Saudi Aramco is taking with respect to that but do not we should not look east west only in isolation. East west is only one part of the strategy what they have been talking I think so you know there are multiple there are multiple lines which they are talking at this point in time multiple agumentation of capacities what they are talking and as I said earlier in the call earlier there was there was internal discussion now they have moved to an engagement stage so there's a engagement which is happening with the stakeholders so that is reinforcing that what is being discussed internally within government and Saudi Aramco is not now coming up on the table and being discussed with the various suppliers and various stakeholders on the table and that is reinforcing the trust. So it is one east west for sure and apart from east west also there are multiple things being talked about or engaged about.
Okay then thank you. My second question is there are some reports and of course it was even highlighted by President Trump that the some of the data centers in US are getting shifted from the city area to the rural area because there were some protest from the citizens and even President Trump tweeted about it. How are we seeing this affecting our demand? Is it going to increase since the location of the data centers itself has changed?
See a data center typically to the best of my understanding they were never coming into the cities for a simple reason that the large cities cannot accommodate this type of data centers. So these data centers were typically moving towards more on the rural side of it. Always they were always that was always the case. Now there could be one or two which would have further moved up for which this noise would have been coming. I'm not private to that but at least all the data centers are coming in Midwest and you know in the Arizona region and because what you need there you require a huge land parcel number one number two a lot of water and number three a power connection. Now the cities have all the three challenges they don't have too much of a land space they cannot give you that type of water which is required and in any case All the cities are on the grid. Then the grid infrastructure in America is so so fragmented that if they start giving power from the grid to the data centers the grid could collapse. So all these three factors are deterrent. Everyone in the data centers are aware of it and that is the reason they are all moving to Midwest Arizona reasons and all that stuff and I think so that growth with what we have been talking what we have been hearing is the growth is much more than what we have what we have been hearing about. I think so the way they are coming up on the table the way their demands are going up. I think so what also need to be seen so is you another data point to track is the the turbines the gas turbines just to give you an example 2 years back the gas turbines you know there were hardly two hardly five or seven or 10 gas turbines which were sold in America right this year if you look at it the order book is for more than 300 gas turbines and this is the demand for the next four or five years so if you look at that data point also it is giving very clearly giving an indication that you know this business of data centers is going to exponentially grow and where these turbines fit because these data centers will have their own power plant. Each power plant will require those turbines and this number of turbines incremental exponential growth in turbines is also giving a very clear indicator that this journey is a very very very you know is a it is going to happen and once you have that that gas power plant out there you would need a pipeline to connect to that and that is where we we come into play. So today if you look at it, we have become a sort of an integrated part of a data center value chain. That's the way things are planning and shipping out in America. I hope that answers and addresses your questions.
Thank you. Thank you so much. A very in-depth explanation and all the best for the future quarters. That's it from us.
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Deep Gandhi from PMS. Please go ahead.
Yeah, good afternoon sir. Um so first question is around again on the data center side. So I think one of the previous participants you had mentioned that in terms of the new order inflow the share of data center orders is increasing. So can you quantify that I mean in the pipeline or for the incremental orders what share of the orders you are getting is towards data center and similarly I mean also on the margins so are the margins higher in the data center order or are they broadly similar to the uh the oil business?
Uh uh deep I think so I have answered both this question. question. I'm sure you are listening to this call since the since it start. Both these questions I have already answered. I don't think so there is point repeating those answers. Please
I think you haven't shared in terms of incrementally what percentage of orders we are getting from data center. You've given a sense that the share is increasing.
I did say that current or the currently we our portfolio would have something like 75 25 but I think so in times to come we are seeing a more traction and this portfolio might change. That's what I answered.
Okay. Actually I was looking for a number if you can share what can be the numbers 2 three years down the line in terms of future order inflow from data center that is what I'm trying to understand
difficult difficult to predict difficult to predict for us at this point in time because see at the end of the day it is also about timing now in a on a given time frame you know there's a demand coming for data center and on the given same time frame there's a demand coming for an LG export I am not the one choosing for that right I am the one choosing for my you know what is the right mix for me to produce at that point ing time with the right margin. I would love to do I would love to do data centers as much as possible. Why I'm saying data centers need to be seen they need to be seen as an opportunity as an alternate opportunity which is coming up on the table. So which is giving a sort of a very long visibility about or horizon about this line five demand for the next five to seven years time. I was talking I'm talking data centers from that context.
Sure. And the second question is I think few weeks back we had one 1600 crores orders for export from India. Yeah. So can you give us some more sense around which geography are we going to export this order to and I mean you uh usually the understanding was India plant was meant mostly for domestic use. So I mean are we seeing any new opportunities where the India plant could be used more towards export also. Are we seeing any more such orders in the pipeline India India has three type of plants. Number one is our Elsa plant. Number two is our spiral plant. Number three is our HFIW plants or the EW plants and number four is the DI plant. What I am talking here is the India domestic demand being weak which mean it will impact my DIP it might impact my spiral but our Elsa was always export so the export demand out of India is always going to be robust it was it is and it will be so if you see on a year-on-year basis we export almost 150 200,000 tons of pipe which we export which are primarily Elsa not primarily which are all 100% of them are Elsa that demand is very strong that will continue to be strong. We have a large see this diff this we are servicing the export market here in Middle East we are servicing in the Southeast Asian market and now we are extending our footprint to the Caspian region. So these are the three markets in which our India you know India has been supplying the pipes in the past 5 years and it will continue to do so in the next 5 years for a simple reason that the oil and gas you know in investment is happening all over. It is not only happening in America or it is not only happening in Saudi Arabia. It is happening all over. So you know from our India we are servicing the demands in the Caspian and the Middle East and the Southeast Asian region. So that demand is there and will be there.
Okay. Yeah. Thank you. That's it from my side.
Thank you.
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Pbas from Invest. Please go ahead.
Hi. Hi sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Uh sir just one question uh which on approvals. So once our new capacity in uh is commissioned in KSA and USA typically how long does it take to get the approvals from tier one developers owners do these projects go through a full fresh uh technical approval cycle uh for the new product or facility or does our existing track record and company credibility with clients helps uh to fasttrack these approvals.
I think so the letter statement is the most appropriate statement path. I think so wellspun typically the quality management systems What what is one bothered about? They bothered everyone is concerned about the quality, right? So the quality management system, we have a global quality management system. You know, we have one quality policy policy wherever in the world we operate, it's the same one. So nothing is going to change. Number two, our relationship with the customer. Our you know our past supply track record. I think so these are all factors which only completely accelerate. So for us if getting an once we are absolutely installed, erected and commissioned getting approval is a matter of weeks not months. And that won't be the case for uh competition, right?
I don't know. Should not be the case. Not be the case.
Okay. Got it, sir. That was my question. Thank you.
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Arun Chunarali from Freshwater Capital. Please go ahead.
Hello. Um, thanks very much. Um just one quick question. I think I missed it but which particular pipe is going into these data centers? Which which is the type of pipe?
Uh sorry Aron. Uh can you repeat the question please?
Sorry. Which type of pipe is it? Uh stainless steel is it haw? Is it lsaw? Which is the type the pipe the specific pipe that's being used in these data centers?
Both both uh both spiral as well as lsaw two. Two things you have to uh uh take care assume you you have to take take note of. See
data centers are now coming in hinderlands now right now they have to cross multiple urban areas and there the the code requirement the safety code requirements are way different than when you are taking it to the per from the perian to the Gulf Coast because that that particular corridor is not that habitated right so depending on what area it is how much is the habit ation in between what is the safety code which is in which is in application that is determining spiral versus so we are seeing a strong elo demand coming up in the data centers because they pass through the pipeline passes through a much thicker habitation area so that's the that's the impression we are getting but to your question whether both the pipes are acceptable the answer is yes
got it and I mean this is for the US but there there was also large data center uh announcements in India. So I don't think they've fruitioned as yet. But one would suspect that this would also create demand.
It should it should. But the the good part here is Arun that you know uh there is already a gas grid which is in place number one. Now I think so the to the best of my understanding you know the the these data centers will be hooked to this uh gas grid the national gas grid right instead of the they developing an independent line to their data centers which is the case in US I don't think so that that will be the case here in India there will be a requirement they will like to go to the national gas grid and which is where the companies like Gale and they participate and we are seeing that you know in their in their forecast they are indicating that they want to add additional 10,000 kilometers of pipeline uh to complete the gas grid so this demand I'm sure will come at an appropriate time
got it thanks very much Thank you.
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Sha from Invest. Please go ahead retire there. Yeah. Hi. Sorry sir. I I'll just start where I uh where we left. Sir you indicated securing a substrate uh is something which is a challenge say for FI29 order book. Sir how how are we going about it then that's first and secondly are there any regulatory policy challenges that you foresee which could actually uh derail the train whe everything is going right at this conjunction so nit with respect to substrate sourcing I think so it is a sort of a joint approach we follow you know when we work with the local skills suppliers we you know we we enjoy a credible relationship with them and uh there's nothing called speculative they are you know they have their skin in the game. So I don't I'm I never said that it is going to be a challenge. I'm saying that it need to be strategized all you know as we are discussing requirements for we just concluded for FY28. Now when we are getting into FY29 we are putting jointly put putting together a strategy what should be our strategy for FY29 and that means along with the field guys as well. So I don't think so it is a challenge but there's a work to be done number one. Number two regulatory policy and challenges yes there are there are challenges but those challenges will be to the imports. See one thing is we are very very clear that in America there has been we have seen certain imports still coming in you know small diameter or some some uh some someone had adventured and you know small small quantities of large diameters also trickled in I think so that will stop so we are absolutely plugged to the government to all the regulatory authorities and the bodies out there that you know earlier there was no capacity no capabilities available there but now when in America all the capacity the full capabilities are available So it it is only it is only a matter of reinforcing that you know uh that things has to come to a standill and for which we are gaining a very favorable traction. So I think so the regulatory challenge is more for the importers rather than domestic producers.
Sir last question I'll just put a hypothetical scenario of section 232 and 301 is completely rolled back hypothetically tomorrow. Uh how does the nature of operations uh how does the economics change for us? Two things uh number one boat 232 is by statute of law. It is not that by statute of precedent. It is by statute of law. So it cannot be rolled back. First and foremost it has survived two terms of two different parties. So I see no reason whatsoever that you know uh that this is going to roll back for a simple understanding that in US they completely understand there are three or four pillars of US economy. Automoils, oil and gas, steel, tech these are three or four pillars they completely understand they have formul you know the you know there's a bipartisan support around all these four things I think so you know they are formulating and they have formulated an ecosystem that anything and everything has to be around that so I with the with the bipartisan support which they have in the senate and the congress and the and through legislation it is impossible to roll back something like this you know things which can be things which will which have an impact are the stackup duties here and there so they You know they are marginal in nature. So they are not going to move the needle. But if that two 232 which is the which is a cornerstone which is 50%. That is not going to go away anywhere for sure.
Sure sir. Uh thank you.
Thank you. Do we have any other questions left?
No sir. This was the last question. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question of the day and I now hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you sir.
Yeah. Thank you. Thank you gentlemen. Thank you all for participating in this call. I think so we try to answer most of your questions. I still feel that you know there if there are any further clarity which are required you can definitely reach out to Mr. Percy and Mr. Gotham to get those answers. But fundamentally what I am what I am trying to tell you gentlemen that you know that a the company your company is on a very very strong wicket. I think so this our performance is a is a testimony to that our vis future order book is also a gives you a clear visibility as to what is going to happen. happen over next 10 to 12 quarter time and maybe maybe even more. Uh the market we are seeing uh the tailwinds into the market. We are present into those market where there are tailwinds are there. You know it is definitely going to offset some setbacks what we might have in the Indian uh in the Indian domestic market. But you know they are going to be largely offseted by by miles into the geographies what we are present and I'm sure that the best of the company is yet to come. So continue to have your trust, continue to have your faith and we look forward for for all your support what you have given us till date. Thank you very much for joining us and all the very best. Good day to you.
Thank you sir. On behalf of 361 capital markets research that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.
Thank you.
