
===== PAGE 1 =====
Ref: VILSTEX/ConcallTranscription/FY2023/19                                     Date: 18.05.2022
To,
 National Stock Exchange of India Limited,             BSE Limited,
 Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,                            The Senior General Manager,
 Plot No. C/1G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex,            Listing Compliances, Floor 25, P. J.
 Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051                       Towers, Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001
 Scrip Code – VISAKAIND                                Scrip Code – 509055
                                        ISIN CODE: INE392A01013

Sub: Transcription of Analysts/Investors ConCall pertaining to the Financial Results for the fourth quarter and
     year ended March 31, 2022

Dear Sir/s,

Further to our letter ref. VILSTEX/ConCall/FY2023/15 Dated 11.05.2022, we enclose herewith a copy of the
transcript of the Con Call on the Audited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of Visaka Industries
Limited for the fourth quarter / year ended March 31, 2022 held on Monday, May 13, 2022. The same is also
available on the Company’s website at:

https://www.visaka.co/assets/website/files/investors/concall_files/AnandRathi-VisakaInd-May13-2022.pdf

This is for your information and records please.

Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For VISAKA INDUSTRIES LIMITED
RAMAKANT Digitally  signed by
           RAMAKANTH KUNAPULI

H KUNAPULI Date: 2022.05.18
           16:33:33 +05'30'
Ramakanth Kunapuli
AVP & Company Secretary

Encl. a/a

===== PAGE 2 =====
            “Visaka Industries Limited
       Q4 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call”

                    May 13, 2022




ANALYST:      MR. MANISH VALECHA - ANAND RATHI SHARES &
              STOCK BROKERS LIMITED

MANAGEMENT: MR. VAMSI KRISHNA - JOINT MANAGING
            DIRECTOR - VISAKA INDUSTRIES LIMITED
            MR. S. SHAFIULLA - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER -
            VISAKA INDUSTRIES LIMITED
            MR. VINAY BATHIJA –HEAD - INVESTOR
            RELATIONS - VISAKA INDUSTRIES LIMITED




                        Page 1 of 17

===== PAGE 3 =====
                                                                           Visaka Industries Limited
                                                                                      May 13, 2022

Moderator:        Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Visaka Industries Q4 FY2022
                  Earnings Conference Call hosted by Anand Rathi Shares and Stock Brokers. As a
                  reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. There will be an
                  opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need
                  assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’
                  on your touchtone phone. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Manish Valecha from
                  Anand Rathi. Thank you and over to you Sir!


Manish Valecha:   Thank you. Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. Welcome you all to the Q4 FY2022
                  results conference call of Visaka Industries Limited. We have with us from the
                  management, Mr. Vamsi Krishna - Joint Managing Director, Mr. S Shafiulla - Chief
                  Financial Officer, and Mr. Vinay Bathija – Head Investor Relations. I would now like to
                  hand over the call to Mr. Vamsi Krishna for his opening remarks. Over to you Sir!


Vamsi Krishna:    Thank you so much for that. Very good evening to everybody on the call. Thank you all
                  for joining and participating in our earnings call for Q4 FY2022 and FY2022 for the
                  entire financial year. First half I would like to congratulate for good FY2022. This has
                  been one more good year sequentially as your company has achieved the highest turnover
                  and profit in the history of the company. I now shall brief you on each segment.


                  To start with Vnext boards and panels, the volumes have been quite impressive clocking
                  16% and 8% growth year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter for Q4, for the full year the
                  volumes have grown by 35%. We see this segment continue its performance as home
                  affordability rates increase. Corporates begin to do new capex expansions we have seen
                  very good drive for this product over the years. Thought majority of the market we saw
                  for this segment has been domestic the exports we see having a very good growth pickup.
                  The exports for the quarter grew 32% and for the full year ended we grew almost about
                  52% over the last financial year. Our Coimbatore plant also has begun production early
                  this year and has been serving the markets down south. The utilization rates have been
                  picking up touching more than 90% for Q4 overall. The product that is the FCB segment,
                  the Fibre Cement Boards is just beginning to be accepted at a large scale by the general
                  community because of its several advantages over the other competitive products. We
                  truly feel we have a long way to go and we are just at the beginning. We shall continue to
                  put in the efforts to maximize the growth in this segment.


                  With the new announcements in the country happening in terms of warehouses and other
                  SMEs we see a really good growth trajectory for the boards and panels. Post-COVID the
                  demand that we see has picked up dramatically because of the advantages that we see,
                  which has less labour to use in the construction compared to the traditional and this is
                  what has been realized by the market as well. The yarn segment has had an impressive
                  recovery achieved the highest revenues and profits for the full year, volumes for the full



                                         Page 2 of 17

===== PAGE 4 =====
                                                         Visaka Industries Limited
                                                                    May 13, 2022
year has grown by 60% for the financial fiscal compared to the last. The demand is back
this year as things have become normal and economic activity has picked up well. The
main markets like Mumbai and Bhilwara are fully operational and also the sustainability
factor especially in clothing picking up is seeing a good rise in the market. This product
is widely used for purposes like premium clothing, curtains and other segments and in
this segment we are doing well in India and in exports as well. The sustainability
segment, which is bringing a new product from our site where we recycle PET bottles has
seen very good acceptance in the market both domestically and internationally giving
way to a new growth for this division.


Coming to the ATUM Solar Roof, the solar roof product over the years has gone through
a tremendous amount of spread and we see a very good acceptance in the market this
year, we closed about a volume of around 6 megawatts. This is just a start, the first good
year for the ATUM since its launch and we have done some very good prestigious
projects wherein we see a very good repeat order from the same customer, which is
always a good sign for a new entrant. We have done some very good projects in Q4 like
the railways in Bengaluru and the Serum Institute to name a few. We have also got into
the hospitality segment like the Mahindra Resorts among others. We see the these days
on the digital media about roof generating income for the family while the roof were in
question would lack the space utilization, but ATUM takes care of this as well, that is the
key advantage as we indicated earlier too. This will reach full capacity this year, the
projection is that the market is picking up very well and we are seeing very good
acceptance of the product. Usually in the month of January to June the time of year is a
peak season for us. For our traditional roofing business taking into consideration this
roofing business has done really well, the demand is stable, and the rising rural income
over the years has become positive. The impact on the segment and to add the utility of
the product we inaugurated our additional line at Rae Bareli plant in the month of March
and this has commenced the commercial operations on May 5, 2022. With the new line
our capacity for upcoming FY2023 would be 9 lakh metric tons. The economies around
the world seem to be overheated considering the upward price pressures around the
globe. In our country also there has been considerable inflation as we see the recent hike
in the RBI pro-rate. Though these are challenges in terms of increase in raw material
prices, supply chain issues, freight costs among other things, our things have done the
best to meet the challenges and we continue to work hard towards the set goals.


Coming to the new initiatives strengthening our resolve towards a green and sustainable
future and creating forward integrated solutions using our traditional core business
products, we have set up a sustainability department, which would help us be on track
towards our resolve. Our new initiatives ATUM Charge the progress has been very
encouraging. We are very happy to announce that we have setup more than 250 charging
stations across the country with the sustainable materials of Vnext and ATUM solar roof.
We are the first in the country to create a self-sustaining model wherein all our products



                       Page 3 of 17

===== PAGE 5 =====
                                                           Visaka Industries Limited
                                                                      May 13, 2022
come together wherein the Vnext boards, the panels and the planks top of which ATUM
solar roof, which fuels the energy needs. Our concept was simple with the change in
sustainability area in the country, repowering the energy using clean and renewable
resources, all dependent on the traditional thermal power that is where ATUM Charge
comes into the picture.


We also have a digital app to support the charging stations this is totally based on IoT.
We have also opened the first experience center as we announced last time in terms of
what sustainability really means and how we can develop the use of sustainable materials
across the country, the first store launched is at Hyderabad, a store we built with 100%
sustainable materials, which is again Vnext and solar products, which is an experience
center for all things sustainable, so we get an opportunity not just to sell our products, but
to explain the end consumer what the true need of a sustainable product really is.


Coming to the financial performance, the total revenue for the current quarter has been
421 Crores compared to 354 Crores of the previous year same quarter an increase of
19%. The revenue for FY2022 has been the highest ever in the company’s history at 1416
Crores, an increase of 24% from previous year. EBITDA margins for the current quarter
are 13% whereas it was 15%, this is due to the increase in the raw materials and freight
cost that we had. PAT for the current quarter is 30 Crores, which is marginally lower
compared to 31 Crores last year same quarter, but the PAT for the financial year is 119
Crores compared to 110 Crores, an increase of 7% compared to the previous period. The
building product segment revenue was 338 Crores compared to 300 Crores in Q4 of last
year showing an increase of 13%. The segment EBIT for the quarter has been 11% for
the full year. The yarn business for Q4 was 83 Crores as compared to 54 Crores in the Q4
of last year showing an increase of 54% with segment margin of 21%. The interest cost
was almost fattish at 3 Crores this quarter.


To summarize I think to give a closing conclusion mark there is too much uncertainty
with regards to the geopolitical situation as we see with supply chain bottlenecks across
the country and some pressures on material prices, but your company is on the right track
and we are very bullish about the years to come. We are looking at a strong growth and
the strong pickup in the months to come in terms of all the divisions that we have. Across
the company be it ATUM solar roof or the Vnext boards or the traditional roofing
business along with the yarn business we see that we are at a tipping point at the usage of
boards and ATUM along with our sustainable yarns, which has been the core focus of the
company to invest in products that have a futuristic growth to take the company to the
next level and that is where we are heading. Any new infrastructure coming our boards
are there, any new power requirements within the infrastructure space is the ATUM solar
roof as you all are aware has got patents in India, South Africa and in America and other
countries which is patent pending. The new central government parliament the new Vista
project is almost using most of our Visaka products, which is a great news to us. Our



                          Page 4 of 17

===== PAGE 6 =====
                                                                           Visaka Industries Limited
                                                                                      May 13, 2022
                  yarn segment, which we call on the wonder yarn is made from recycled plastic and is a
                  huge hit in the European, American and Indian market, so overall we are very bullish to
                  look forward to a good year ahead. Thank you.


Moderator:        Thank you. We will now begin the question answer session. Ladies and gentlemen, we
                  will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. The first question is from the
                  line of Subham Agarwal from Aequitas India. Please go ahead.


Subham Agarwal:   Thank you for the opportunity. Good evening everyone. First of all really good kudos to
                  entire team of Visaka because all the new initiatives are now showing results, V-Board
                  has also delivered a massive number and Q-on-Q ATUM division has delivered almost
                  doubled in volume which is very significant. Firstly I would like to understand year-on-
                  year our total volume growth was 11.9% and given that we have commissioned two new
                  plants, which improved our capacity by 15%, so what is our goal for next year, what is
                  the volume growth that we are anticipating, if you can elaborate on that?


Vamsi Krishna:    So, thank you for that. Yes, as you rightly said most of the new initiatives that the
                  company has taken is in the right direction and is showing results. We are looking at
                  close to around 15% to 20% growth further in the new financial year.


Subham Agarwal:   This is volume you are you talking about or total revenue growth?


Vamsi Krishna:    Total revenue growth.


Subham Agarwal:   Coming to the V-Board part we commissioned the plant last quarter and we are already
                  working at 90% capacity, which signifies that the demand is pretty strong, so do you have
                  any future growth plans in this segment right now that you would like to share?


Vamsi Krishna:    Yes, absolutely actually we have some interesting growth plans, we will be announcing
                  shortly on that.


Subham Agarwal:   Perfect and lastly on the raw material side, so our margins are kind of subdued as of now
                  still, so what do you think will we be able to pass on more increasing price coming in the
                  next quarter because the demand remains strong or do we still face margin pressure?


Vamsi Krishna:    Sure, so one of the reasons the pressure looks quite heavy this year is because of the
                  previous good year that we had just to point out that the main COVID year we had
                  actually very good demand from the rural India even though we had severe lockdowns, so
                  the pressure on demand was quite high, so we could get the maximum price benefit in
                  spite of other cost pressures. This financial year as the pressure of demand is not as much
                  because there was no lockdown, no pent-up demand as we see it, the margins look that
                  with the pressure that it was under, going forward yes, we are expecting the market to be




                                          Page 5 of 17

===== PAGE 7 =====
                                                                              Visaka Industries Limited
                                                                                         May 13, 2022
                  positive, we should be able to offset to a large extent in terms of what the pricing
                  pressures we are seeing, we are also looking at the situation wherein because of the China
                  lockdown initiatives and the Russia-Ukraine situation, once things is down and open up I
                  think definitely there will be positive front on the raw material and logistics front in
                  terms of the increase, so we are looking at the situation to be positive for the year.


Subham Agarwal:   But compared Q-on-Q is there any decline in logistics price or it has remained elevated?


Vamsi Krishna:    We are not seeing any decline at the moment it remains to be.


Subham Agarwal:   Lastly on the ceiling division so do you see this margin is sustainable going forward?


Vamsi Krishna:    Yes I think we got a beautiful mix of new products and the old traditional products as
                  well. Going forward I think because of the demand situation being intact we should be
                  able to get the same margins across the divisions.


Subham Agarwal:   That is good to hear. That is it from my side and best of luck.


Moderator:        Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deep Gandhi from Astute investment.
                  Please go ahead.


Deep Gandhi:      Thanks for the opportunity. So all of my questions are related to the Fibre Cement Board
                  division, so first question I had was so in the presentation you mentioned that you have
                  almost after the new capacity which we have commissioned we have 2.4 lakhs metric
                  tons capacity, so if you can just indicate what kind of capacity do you think the second
                  largest player has, just to get a sense what kind of scale benefit your company has as
                  compared to the other competitors?


Vamsi Krishna:    So regards to the scale benefit I think right now to look at we are actually the largest
                  player as you are already aware in terms of both supply and production, we are close to
                  almost I think the second player I do not want to comment too much in that, but I think
                  there is a good gap in terms of the order pickup and the deployments that we are doing
                  the aggressive plans that we have taken up, so definitely we do have a larger spread
                  because of our distribution pattern, we have a very strong network which we carry on
                  from our traditional business that has been our learning and approach is to make the
                  product as available across the country, so we have more than 2500 selling points across
                  the country just for the board division apart from the 10000 selling points we have for the
                  traditional business, so in terms of scale definitely we are adding more and more every
                  month and that is it for now I would like to comment on that.


Deep Gandhi:      It will be very helpful if you can also just give some broad number I do not want the
                  exact, but if you can a little bit quantify the difference in scale?




                                           Page 6 of 17

===== PAGE 8 =====
                                                                           Visaka Industries Limited
                                                                                      May 13, 2022
Vamsi Krishna:   I can tell you that we are almost about 40% of the current market share, I can give you
                 my details I think you will have to ask competitors about their details, but as far as we are
                 concerned I think our company is on the right side.


Deep Gandhi:     In the past calls you have alluded that you are also present in the value added products in
                 this division so I just wanted to understand what is the difference between a normal Fibre
                 Cement and value added product, so if you can please explain that?


Vamsi Krishna:   Value added product depends on the application really, so we make products right from 4
                 mm to 25 mm interior and exterior at that we have specific applications where the
                 exterior products go either as roof underlay or soffit or decorative tile, so each of these
                 have different raw mix in fact we are one of the companies which are very ahead in terms
                 of R&D we believe that strong R&D always helps us come up with products that are
                 ready for the future, so in terms of that I cannot tell you the specifics of my raw mix and
                 R&D of course, but that is where the premium increases wherein a certain application
                 requires a certain utility, the product is made according to that raw mix, so based on that
                 our prices for the premium segment varies. I can give you a guideline in terms of the
                 premium products which are used for the external cladding or the decorative cladding are
                 of the highest premium for this segment.


Deep Gandhi:     Sure and if you can share was kind of revenue contribution do we have from such
                 products and also the margin difference between a normal and a value added product?


Vamsi Krishna:   I will not be able to share the margin difference with you right now, but we are doing
                 almost about 10% to 15% of our total revenue for the segment in the premium space.


Deep Gandhi:     Sure, the next question I had is if you can you explain or mention what kind of business
                 in this segment currently is completely B2C and what kind of it is B2B, so currently
                 major part of industry dealing directly with some B2B players like the real estate
                 developers or as direct B2C kind of business has already started so if you can mention
                 that?


Vamsi Krishna:   Yes, so we have a very strong base in the retail, we have been very vocal about that, we
                 have a 70% to 30% of business, 70% being through retail that is our B2B and 30% being
                 B2C, which are direct projects.


Deep Gandhi:     Sure, so in the past annual reports you do mention the EBITDA margins for this division
                 so if you can mention what kind of margins did we do in FY2022 and also the actual
                 volume sold in FY2022 for this division?


Vamsi Krishna:   I do not have the detail with me, my team will share that with you offline regarding that.




                                         Page 7 of 17

===== PAGE 9 =====
                                                                          Visaka Industries Limited
                                                                                     May 13, 2022
Deep Gandhi:     I will join back in the queue.


Moderator:       Thank you very much. We will move to the next question from the line of Sunny
                 Wadhwa from HNI. Please go ahead.


Sunny Wadhwa:    Congratulations on good set of numbers and thank you for the opportunity. In the Vnext
                 board segment what is the business model like is it (inaudible) 26:33, also we understand
                 the product is better than Greenply, what has held it back, what is the overall market size
                 here, also ballpark number on what sort of margins we see here, also if you could explain
                 its applications vis-à-vis Greenply?


Vamsi Krishna:   Surely, so like I was saying the business model for Vnext has been quite strategic
                 actually the whole last 10 years has been to build a strong base in terms of our product
                 deployment, so if you really see we have to target architects, interior designers, the
                 carpenters, applicators and the structural engineers, so these are the four to five major
                 sources or you can call them as influencers where we have to keep tapping on in terms of
                 creating an awareness in terms of specifying our products and in terms of our general
                 distribution pattern, apart from all these we have to maintain a very strong retail network
                 in order to service the above segments. Coming to specific projects when we look at like
                 the new parliament that is coming up or any private project for the Mahindra that will
                 have to be 3 to 4 strong approach in terms of reaching out through their architect, through
                 their main corporate projects team and with the right suitable fabrication team, so it is a
                 multiple approach, it is not that we have to depend on only one stream of sale, so that is
                 the style of functioning that we do, apart from that I think our team is very, very
                 interested in reaching out to innovative approaches like in terms of the applications that
                 we do quite simply in the beginning we almost did close to 25 to 30 applications right,
                 right from false ceiling to mezzanine floors to shelves to internal partitions, so the list
                 just keeps going on and from there trying to find the right fit for us, now today we sell
                 hardly in five to six applications where we are concentrating on as you can call them as
                 our core applications, just to give you an idea the drywall partitions is one of the most
                 accepted applications for a product as such, just to give you an idea in terms of demand
                 growth for that, any commercials, industrial or even residential, which is a smaller
                 margin for us today in terms of the overall market demand, but surely the commercial and
                 the industrial spaces are huge in huge amounts of drywall products where Vnext is the
                 preferred product. Apart from that the utility point of view in comparison with competing
                 products like plywood, gypsum board and even brick wall, we really look at the water,
                 fire and termite resistant quality that has been one of the basic pitch that I think the
                 market has been seeing over the years, we are truly water, fire and termite resistant,
                 which other competing products are not because of the core raw material itself. The
                 inherent quality of our products does not have facility or enabling factor for it to be
                 disintegrated in water like the gypsum boards or catch termites like in the plywood board
                 and we also have a very high fire rating of close to three hours when we do a full



                                         Page 8 of 17

===== PAGE 10 =====
                                                                                 Visaka Industries Limited
                                                                                            May 13, 2022
                      construction of our drywalls. Coming to the margins we are seeing a very healthy space
                      in this. Right now we are doing anywhere between 11% to 15% that is the bracket in
                      which we are operating right now depends on quarter-to-quarter, but going forward with
                      the price trends that we are seeing and the scope of the product in terms of its utility the
                      plywood industry is seeing stagnation in terms of the growth or in terms of the margins
                      that we are seeing versus the opportunity that a growing product like us have in terms of
                      the margins. Just to give you an idea we are doing hardly 50% of the price of plywood in
                      the market today, so the scope of having a market understanding in terms of the demand
                      and pricing, we have a long way to go in terms of growth. Coming to the aspect of
                      drywalls, as I mentioned earlier with regard to the COVID situation post-COVID because
                      of lot of migrations of the labor going back to their homes, there was a huge shortage of
                      labor that we observed wherein our product really took off, so that I think is one of the
                      key highlights for the turning point of the product where the market started realizing that
                      we can get work done faster with lesser people with the products like Vnext.


Sunny Wadhwa:         Thank you.


Moderator:            Thank you. The next question is from the line of Divyanshi Maghdani from Havells
                      Investments. Please go ahead.


Divyanshi Maghdani:   Thank you for the opportunity. From last time we spoke I see ATUM has picked up in
                      revenue, so congratulations on that, but I think a lot of players doing solar roof including
                      big names like Tata, so how is our roofs different, also what is the marketing strategy for
                      this product because like we have patents, but I see no ads whereas other players with
                      traditional roofs are doing a lot to create awareness and also the second would be on
                      margins I do not understand the product is at its nation state, but at full capacity what sort
                      of margins can we expect, also just came to my mind what makes ATUM get its patent
                      how is it different from traditional?


Vamsi Krishna:        Thank you for that. So first half I just to explaining the basic difference of solar roof
                      ATUM versus the traditional players is that solar roof as a category we use that as a
                      generic term wherein you can refer to it as rooftop solar or solar roof that means there is a
                      roof and there is solar in that, the product difference that we have created is with our vast
                      experience being in the roofing industry for the last 30 to 40 years now in terms of
                      understanding what the utility of a roof is and what the future of a roof can be. We have
                      done some innovation in terms of using a solar cell into our product itself, so typically if
                      you have metal sheet plus a traditional solar roof that can also be called as a solar roof or
                      a rooftop solar, what we have done is we are giving you a single product which is hardly
                      14 mm in thickness, which is as thin as your Macbook Pro or thinner even in some cases
                      wherein that is the roof, which generates power for you without any additional solar
                      retrofitment, which the traditional players do, so players like the large players that you
                      talk about are all in the traditional module spaces wherein they install traditional modules



                                              Page 9 of 17

===== PAGE 11 =====
                                                                             Visaka Industries Limited
                                                                                        May 13, 2022
                 on top of existing or new roofs. ATUM is a roof that goes as the base itself on the metal
                 structure with generating roof by itself, so that is a quick easy explanation to what really
                 ATUM roof is and that is where the real innovation is wherein we could get a patent in
                 the US as well because of this differentiation I am sure all of you have heard of Tesla
                 solar roof, which create a lot of noise and lot of market buzz wherein in spite of that we
                 were able to achieve our solar roof patent in the United States because we are actually a
                 roof that generates power whereas competitors like Tesla solar roof still go and sit on an
                 existing roof so that is the major difference. Just to give you direction in which we are
                 going to start off with, we are actually targeting the B2B space wherein the product
                 acceptance and understanding is more easy and getting us conversions. We have recently
                 got good orders in Q4 from the Piramal Group, from Serum Institute, from Rainbow
                 Hospitals, from Amar Tech Centers, from STC international, so various hospitals, various
                 government railways and the other institutes private and public are observing the key
                 difference wherein ATUM is really adding value in terms of the power and the roof
                 combination. Apart from that we are also in the lowest area in demand in terms of the
                 highest energy generation, what I mean by that is in hardly 60 square feet of space roof
                 area we can generate one kilowatt of power, which is almost equal to 4.5 units whereas
                 traditional players do it at least 80 to 100 square feet and above, so that is really the core
                 difference. Talking about the margins, yes, we are too early to talk about margins in this
                 division as you rightly said, but on a full capacity on a larger scheme of things we can
                 look at anything between 10% and 15% is what we are expecting.


Moderator:       Thank you. The next question is from the line of Karan Asli from Maximal Capital.
                 Please go ahead.


Karan Asli:      Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on a great Q4. Few questions from me on the
                 building product segment, what is the price hike we have taken in roofing in Q4 and Q1?


Vamsi Krishna:   Sure, so in Q4 we were able to take about Rs.5 to Rs.10 anywhere between that, I do not
                 want to disclose too much about the current quarter going on obviously, but I can tell you
                 that we are on the right track, we have got some good indications in terms of price
                 increase and acceptance of that in the market so we are in a positive trend on that front.


Karan Asli:      So directionally we should see some higher realization in Q1 versus Q4 that is different?


Vamsi Krishna:   I will refrain to comment on that because the geopolitical situation has been quite vary at
                 that especially for the raw material prices and the logistic prices, so I would say that we
                 should look at it a little conservatively, but we should be doing a good Q1 as well.


Karan Asli:      Got it and how is the ramp up of the new AC roofing facility at UP coming up so I know
                 we just commercialized it some time back, so how are we expecting it to contribute in
                 this first quarter, will we get the meaningful utilization level of it?




                                         Page 10 of 17

===== PAGE 12 =====
                                                                               Visaka Industries Limited
                                                                                          May 13, 2022
Vamsi Krishna:     I think to really give you an idea because of the COVID delays internationally, we did
                   have a slight delay, we were expecting the product to announce commercial production
                   by April actually, but this year maybe, this quarter maybe the last month would be the
                   June month we may be getting good contribution from that plant, but the rest of the year
                   we would be getting a serious contribution from that plant and just to mention that plant
                   has also been completely installed with ATUM solar roof, actually the entire power
                   consumption for that facility is netted off with the power we generate by our own
                   products, so that is an interesting spinoff for that project.


Karan Asli:        That is great to hear.


Moderator:         Sorry to interrupt, please come back in the queue.


Vamsi Krishna:     Sure.


Moderator:         Thank you. We will now move to the next question from the line of Shivan Sarvaiya from
                   JHP securities. Please go ahead.


Shivan Sarvaiya:   Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, I had a couple of questions, first is on the fibre
                   cement board, you said that these boards are 50% cheaper than ply and there is a
                   possibility of substitution, my question is that if we are cheap then why has it not been
                   substituted already because it would be a very, very logical thing to do right, so what are
                   the hindrances that one faces using the product that is my first question?


Vamsi Krishna:     Great question, this is actually one of the back to basics of sorts where the people
                   working on the product and the distribution that we have is quite small compared to the
                   entire plywood network, just to give you an understanding, we are hardly 20% of our
                   network of plywood so that is where one of our key ground work is happening wherein
                   we are working to increase our numbers drastically in terms of our distribution pattern
                   and the people who work with it, so people like carpenters and applicators in terms of
                   doing carpenter makes and applicator makes are continuous focus and job is to increase
                   the amount of awareness that our product has in an existing large base of the plywood
                   network. Just to give you another context we have almost around 60% to 70% of the
                   gypsum network on the other hand where people are already familiar to use a product like
                   drywall, which gypsum also comes into that category so that is where our acceptance has
                   been way more in terms of familiarity and use of product though we are apples-to-apples
                   in terms of pricing, the utility of the Vnext boards is far superior to gypsum boards so the
                   acceptance is quite high in that area. Going forward, yes, we definitely see that as we
                   increase our base in the plywood space definitely we can get stronger rising demand in
                   that space along with acceptance into mass scale projects as we are seeing today, so that
                   is just an idea for you.




                                              Page 11 of 17

===== PAGE 13 =====
                                                                               Visaka Industries Limited
                                                                                          May 13, 2022
Shivan Sarvaiya:   Sir, just one followup on this, when we look at the large furniture manufacturers like any
                   of these IKEAs of the world or the Pepperfry and Urban Ladder, etc., the institutional
                   furniture manufacturing, one does not see the fibre cement boards as they material in
                   their products, so what would be the reason because one would have expected at least the
                   leaders in the industry to start much, much earlier if it is a viable substitute?


Vamsi Krishna:     I would just like to point out that the international market is very different from our
                   market in terms of the plywood uses, so to give you an example the drywall space that we
                   are concentrating on which uses brick walls or fly partitions has been a huge target for us,
                   so that is where we are entering. If you look at the international segment drywall has been
                   a very well accepted product there, so the product fit is very accurate in that space.
                   Coming to IKEA and others of sorts in terms of the furniture space, yes, definitely fibre
                   cement board has a heavy density; the density is much higher compared to alternate
                   products that we see so the product fit in that space is quite different, so we are also not
                   targeting movable furniture and those sorts of applications. We are targeting more of
                   carcassing and plywood partition that is where actually our core volumes and spread is,
                   so I hope I could give you a distinction between the applications.


Shivan Sarvaiya:   Yes, Sir, got it and my second question is on ATUM, in your previous call said that
                   approximately 30% to 35% (inaudible) 47:32 different sorts of things?


Vamsi Krishna:     Surely, so the difference is actually 30% to 40% that is what I said, 30% to 40% comes
                   with the method of laying, so right from the product that we have created in-house to the
                   installation mechanisms that are followed in the market everything is different compared
                   to traditional, the TV channels, the fixing mechanisms, the entire installation methods are
                   quite different from the traditional methods wherein we maximize the area on use with
                   the power generation, so that is the difference that I was mentioning that we take hardly
                   60 square feet for one kilowatt of power we generates 4.5 units versus 100 square feet of
                   traditional, which generates one kilowatt, so that is really the difference that we play
                   with. Today in the market, yes, people are trying to come and make 100 x 80 square feet,
                   but we still see a big advantage in terms of the value creation that we have so that is the
                   thing.


Moderator:         Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chirag Shah an Individual Investor.
                   Please go ahead.


Chirag Shah:       Good evening, Sir. Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, my question was with
                   regards to the export market that you had mentioned in your opening remarks, so which
                   countries are you exporting the Fibre Cement Boards to?


Vamsi Krishna:     Regarding exports I think fibre cement boards has been having a very good acceptance
                   internationally because the groundwork there is very limited because people are already




                                           Page 12 of 17

===== PAGE 14 =====
                                                                          Visaka Industries Limited
                                                                                     May 13, 2022
                 aware of the technology of drywalls, so if you look at the middle east, which has been
                 one of our major contributor in terms of our exports, we do it to European countries, we
                 sell to UK, we have sent some quantities to Seychelles, Maldives, so really we are quite
                 spread across the country. We are yet to enter the United States market, but mainly I
                 would say Nepal, the neighboring countries being Myanmar, Nepal, Middle East and
                 Africa that is where the core markets are and UK of course.


Chirag Shah:     Would the margins be different when compared to domestic and the exports and also are
                 you doing the value added products or the normal boards?


Vamsi Krishna:   Yes, great. With respect to the competition internationally definitely there is a huge
                 amount of supplies from China and India in terms of the global market if you really look
                 at. Majorly the products that go it depends on country-to-country, so if you take a look at
                 Middle East it is more of a traditional normal product that goes, if you take a look at UK
                 they want a premium product compared to the general market, if we talk at Maldives it is
                 a mix, they want interior products, which are normal for both and they want exterior
                 products, which are of a premium finish, so really to segregate country would be a little
                 difficult, but in the margins point of view we are very selective because of the way the
                 market has blown up in India. Actually if you see traditionally in the last couple of years
                 with our expansion plans we have been very focused on India first whereas there was
                 very good opportunity in the Middle East or other countries where people have tried to
                 enter international markets, but we are the company took a very strong decision wherein
                 we said let us concentrate in India first in terms of the market spread. Definitely we will
                 take advantage of the international market which we have done over the years so today I
                 can happily see that our company has a good foothold in India while we cater to the
                 markets, which is comfortable to the company in terms of margins internationally as well
                 so that is our strategy.


Chirag Shah:     Thank you so much.


Moderator:       Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pawan Chopra an Individual Investor.
                 Please go ahead.


Pawan Chopra:    Thank you for the opportunity. I was just going through the financials and I see the
                 revenues are not supported by the margins, also the debt has gone up, and so can you
                 throw some colour on the same?


Vamsi Krishna:   Surely, so like I mentioned actually the revenue point of view we got a very good demand
                 on all fronts actually given all the products that we are catering to, the raw material cost
                 and the freight cost had a huge impact on each division on the other side, so just to give
                 you an idea on the traditional business of the roofing sheet the cost increases to 10%
                 upwards and the boards business also had a 13% increase given the geopolitical situation




                                            Page 13 of 17

===== PAGE 15 =====
                                                                              Visaka Industries Limited
                                                                                         May 13, 2022
                   and the logistics, so these are the two major reasons why we had an issue in terms of
                   margins, nevertheless we tried to ensure that we are still on the strong base in terms of
                   balancing or counterbalancing their increase, we could do that to the extent that we
                   achieved given that the market could take according to the demand, so that was the
                   reason for the slight dip in terms of the margins even though we got a very good increase
                   in the product acceptance. Going forward definitely as the prices stabilize we will
                   definitely see that the contribution for the products are in line with what is expected
                   because the important thing that we are seeing now is once we create a good base and a
                   good market for our products, the fluctuations that we are seeing today be it because of
                   the war or the China shutdown is obviously not a common situation, so definitely we will
                   see better margins in the months to come. Regarding the debt point of view I think the
                   gross debt has actually increased by about 50 Crores, but we have not availed any term
                   loans for the expansion projects of Udumalpet be it the boards or the panel project that is
                   coming up or the Rae Bareli expansion that we took, which was close to about 150 Crores
                   for the capex, the increase in borrowing is in working capital and short-term loans for the
                   inventories that we had. In spite of that our total debt to equity is 0.28, so we are still on
                   the right track in terms of that.


Pawan Chopra:      What kind of margins we are targeting in each segments going forward?


Vamsi Krishna:     Actually I think we should maintain the current margin given the situation that is going
                   on; as the situation eases definitely we will be looking at higher numbers.


Pawan Chopra:      Fine, thank you.


Moderator:         Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanjay Shamnani from Kissht. Please go
                   ahead.


Sanjay Shamnani:   Good evening, Mr. Krishna. It is a very great opportunity that we are able to understand
                   on Q4 performance of Visaka Industries, so basically I would like to throw or understand
                   some light from you on the segment called yarn and I understand yarn was pretty well
                   performed in this quarter and this current financial year and what is the plan for this
                   segment in terms of growth, expansions and also how can you differentiate this yarn is it
                   a sustainable in terms of sustainability, in terms of whether it is made from 100% raw
                   material from the recycled plastics or how you differentiate this yarn compared to the
                   other peers, which are in the market?


Vamsi Krishna:     Thank you for that question actually, if you really see the yarn division has had a very
                   interesting journey since the GST issue as we all are aware during the GST time the
                   textile market took a really huge dip and we were no exception to that, but because of the
                   company’s strategy and the decisions that we have taken over time we could have a good
                   year last year in terms of both the GST and the COVID effects in spite of having a




                                           Page 14 of 17

===== PAGE 16 =====
                                                                              Visaka Industries Limited
                                                                                         May 13, 2022
                   serious dip in that space we could catch up to the market and service the demand. While
                   we had these dips our company focused on developing the sustainable yarns that we talk
                   of today wherein we had a different ranges in terms of sustainable, in terms of flame
                   retardant and various other developments that we had done actually, out of those two
                   mentioned yarns actually had a very good pickup from the domestic and international
                   market, so really looking at in terms of the overall share of products and overall a mix of
                   products, we have for a sustainable yarn that is a huge space to start with, we are almost
                   doing around 20% to 25% on a good month in terms of our product split and the other
                   being very interesting application of battery separators, we are supplying our yarn for
                   very interesting space in the batteries so most of the batteries today majorly in the battery
                   space are using ions and that is contributing another 20% as well, so a very interesting
                   pivot if you would like to call it in terms of the down periods that we had, we utilize that
                   to ensure that we have a good change in terms of our overall outplay and we are looking
                   at anywhere between 10% and 15% growth in terms of the year to come as well in the
                   textiles, so that is an overall picture for you in terms of what we have been doing.


Sanjay Shamnani:   Just a small question, it will not be taking 30 seconds, we understand a new plant has
                   been operational specifically with respect to the AC sheet business, so can you throw
                   some light for this new segment in future?


Vamsi Krishna:     Surely, as I have mentioned earlier our full capacity in terms of the product output, the
                   product supply will be coming in from the next month onwards, I think almost about nine
                   months we should see a good contribution from our new plant from Rae Bareli, we see
                   that the growth rate and the product demand is good in that market and we are looking
                   forward for the product supply in that space. Thank you.


Sanjay Shamnani:   Thank you.


Moderator:         Thank you very much. We will move to the next question from the line of Shivan
                   Sarvaiya from JHP Securities from AlfAccurate Advisors Limited. Please go ahead.


Shivan Sarvaiya:   Thank you for the followup. Sir, my question is on ATUM just to continue, you said the
                   major difference where you can see efficiencies on the method of laying the products so
                   that our patents are on the product itself or on the methodology or on both of them?


Vamsi Krishna:     So, the patent is on the product that is what the patent achieved and the method of laying
                   or the accessories which we have filed patents those patents are pending actually, so we
                   file patents individually for both the product and the installation accessories as well.


Shivan Sarvaiya:   The second question on the ATUM itself, so the product you said that it is a roof in itself,
                   so the roof that has been used is the cement fibre roof or which is asbestos or
                   nonasbestos, if you could just give some colour there?




                                          Page 15 of 17

===== PAGE 17 =====
                                                                           Visaka Industries Limited
                                                                                      May 13, 2022
Vamsi Krishna:   Absolutely, I think great question, I always keep stressing on the R&D that we keep
                 doing, so we make both which is our nonasbestos product which we launched to cater to
                 the housing or the development market. We actually went ahead and did further R&D
                 from that product where we could make a version of our Vnext boards, which actually
                 goes into our ATUM and that is really the core of our innovation that is nonasbestos as
                 well, we are seeing a very good demand for that from the export markets as well, we have
                 exported to Thailand, Bhutan and Dubai and Kenya, so we are really reaching out in
                 terms of the product innovation and the utility itself.


Moderator:       Thank you very much. In the interest of time, this was the last question for today. I now
                 hand the conference over to management for closing comments.


Vamsi Krishna:   Thank you everybody for joining us today. I think we had a very extensive discussion in
                 terms of where the company is and where we are heading to and as we always look at
                 from Visaka point of view, we always try to add innovative touch points to the products
                 that we do, be it on traditional products like the textiles where we faced an uncertainty a
                 couple of years back and we are very happy to tell you that with our R&D and with our
                 strategy today we are seeing a positive situation and a good sign of growth for the textile
                 division. We would be looking at entering new or more interesting spaces with our
                 products in terms of sustainability and the battery space. Given the product range of
                 Vnext, which is a very strong in terms of our sustainability and we are very happy to
                 share that using Vnext boards has become a positive for many of the constructions
                 coming up in terms of sustainability rating, people are getting awarded LEED certified
                 buildings more easily with the use of our Vnext products. We are very happy to share that
                 we are the least carbon emissions in the building industry of having hardly 36 kg per ton
                 of production compared to 2:1 2 tons to one ton of steel or 1:1 of concrete. Because of
                 these we have been awarded the business world 24th most sustainable company in the
                 whole of India because of our sustainability initiatives. Coming to ATUM, we are having
                 a very interesting outlook in terms of the new projects, the new constructions that are
                 coming up, any and every building that needs a roof along with a power that needs to be
                 generated, ATUM is there and is the right fix in terms of commercial, industrial or
                 residential, we are really seeing a very positive and an innovative approach from the
                 buyers, most people are very excited to see something like ATUM and only time will tell
                 in terms of real deployment what we are seeing and experiencing today. Along with that
                 the entry of forward integrated initiatives to help our core products, which is the Vnext,
                 the textile and the ATUM in terms of ATUM Charge is really why the company is
                 heading towards. We are here to make a difference, as innovative as possible to create the
                 largest impact that we can with the products that we create that is really what we are
                 trying to do and really look forward to the coming years. Thank you everybody for
                 joining us today.




                                        Page 16 of 17

===== PAGE 18 =====
                                                                   Visaka Industries Limited
                                                                              May 13, 2022
Moderator:   Thank you very much. On behalf of Anand Rathi Shares and Stock Brokers that
             concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines.




                                  Page 17 of 17
