
===== PAGE 1 =====
Ref: VILSTEX/Concall_Transcription/FY2024/47                                  Date: 21.08.2023
To,
 National Stock Exchange of India Limited,        BSE Limited,
 Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,                       The Senior General Manager,
 Plot No. C/1G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Listing Compliances, Floor 25, P. J. Towers, Dalal
 Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051                  Street, Mumbai – 400 001
 Scrip Code – VISAKAIND                           Scrip Code – 509055
                                     ISIN CODE: INE392A01013

        Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call held on August 16, 2023 on Q1 FY24 Financial Results

        Ref: Regulation 30 of SEBI LODR Regulations, 2015

Dear Sir/Madam,

Pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find herewith attached transcript of the Earnings Call held on
Wednesday, August 16, 2023 on Q1 FY24 Financial Results. A copy of the said transcript is uploaded on
the website of the Company.

Link: https://www.visaka.co/assets/website/files/investors/concall_files/Earning-Call-
Transcription-16-08-2023-for-Q1FY-2023-24.pdf


Kindly take the same on record.

Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For VISAKA INDUSTRIES LIMITED
 RAMAKANT Digitally  signed by
            RAMAKANTH KUNAPULI

 H KUNAPULI Date: 2023.08.21
            16:37:34 +05'30'

Ramakanth Kunapuli
AVP & Company Secretary

Encl. a/a

===== PAGE 2 =====
    “Visaka Industries Limited Q1 FY24 Earnings
                  Conference Call”

                    August 16, 2023




MANAGEMENT: MR. G. VAMSI KRISHNA – JOINT MANAGING
            DIRECTOR
            MR. SHAFI SINGANAMALA – CHIEF FINANCIAL
            OFFICER
MODERATOR: MR. IRFAN RAEEN – ORIENT CAPITAL PTY LTD.



                       Page 1 of 15

===== PAGE 3 =====
                                                                                       Visaka Industries Limited
                                                                                                August 16, 2023

Moderator:          Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Visaka Industries Limited Q1 FY24
                    Earnings Conference Call.


                    As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an
                    opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance
                    during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touch-
                    tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.


                    I now hand the conference over to Mr. Irfan Raeen from Orient Capital. Over to you, sir.


Irfan Raeen:        Good afternoon everyone. On behalf of Visaka Industries Limited, I extend a very warm
                    welcome to all participants on Q1 FY24 Financial Results Discussion Call.


                    Today on the call, I have with me, Mr. Vamsi Krishna – Joint Managing Director and Mr.
                    Shafiullah – Chief Financial Officer.


                    I hope everyone has had an opportunity to go through the investor deck that we have uploaded
                    on exchanges and on the company’s website.


                    I would like to give a short disclaimer before we start the call. This call may contain some of the
                    forward-looking statements which are completely based upon our beliefs, opinions, and
                    expectations as of today. These statements are not guarantees of our future performance and
                    involve unforeseen risks and uncertainties.


                    With this introduction, I hand over the call to Vamsi sir. Over to you, sir.


G. Vamsi Krishna:   A very good afternoon to everyone. I am pleased to share with you the highlights of our Q1
                    FY24 Performance. But before we start discussing the Quarterly Performance, I would like to
                    give an update with an intent of keeping our investors and analysts familiar with and updated
                    about developments in our businesses. We have had the opportunity to meet some of you at our
                    annual general meetings and otherwise, but we are also interacting with a few of you for the first
                    time. To my mind, it would be worthwhile to dwell a bit on our company and brief you also
                    about the products we manufacture and the applications. I trust this will be helpful to all
                    participants. I must state that all discussions here will be within boundaries reasonably imposed
                    by the company’s strategic and competitive position.


                    Over the last 4 decades, the company has established itself as one of the leading building
                    construction material providers and a dependable synthetic yarns manufacturer in India. With its
                    13 manufacturing locations spread across the country, we have been growing our manufacturing
                    capacities in line with the optimistic growth of India. What the government is doing on the macro
                    infrastructure side, we are replicating at our corporate scale. In the last 2 years, Visaka has
                    invested in new and additional manufacturing capacities of our Vnext fiber cement boards and




                                          Page 2 of 15

===== PAGE 4 =====
                                                                    Visaka Industries Limited
                                                                             August 16, 2023

panels and our cement roofing as well. This rapid expansion is helping us to transform the
company’s growth. We have reached a position where consumers are well aware of our product
attributes in order to make a more informed purchase. A large number of projects, including the
ones like the Parliament House in New Delhi and the Surat Bourse which are largely talked
about in India.


India is possibly the most exciting major economic growth story that we are seeing today. It is
growing fast on an expanding base, indicating a critical mass of economic expansion. The two
most drivers of this Indian economy comprise its spending per household and increased number
of households. The prospects of our company cannot be appraised in isolation. They are linked
to what is transpiring in the nation. Our company’s products have inevitably capitalized on this
reality across all our business segments. Government’s various policies to incentivize those
seeking to build low-cost homes is inspiring a new tailwind in the country’s housing sector from
the grassroots and upwards, which is widening the housing market, especially in the rural and
semi-urban India. Our products are expected to ride this reality. The need to live better underlines
the fact that people will need better roofing, alternate home partitions, and sustainable
construction materials and clothes, taking our business product verticals ahead. Coming to a
quick review of each business segment and quarterly performance, the company has achieved a
revenue of Rs. 447 crores for the current quarter. The building products revenue for the quarter
stands at Rs. 385 crores and the textile turnover is at Rs. 62 crores. There is a general slowdown
in the global economy with uncertainties and challenges like high commodity prices and high
inflation. The demand for consumable products is very low during the present quarter across the
globe. However, I would like to say that the demand for our products continues to remain good.
Our roofing business, which is our legacy business, has done its highest volumes previous year
2022-23 and is maintaining the same momentum during the current year as well. Last year, we
had an increase in our capacity and commissioned a new line at our Raebareli unit to meet some
of the demand and our products.


The capacity utilization for Q1 FY24 stood at more than 100% for our roofing businesses. The
increase in main raw material costs, i.e., the chrysotile fiber, has impacted the margins drastically
compared to our previous year’s compare to this quarter. The prices are now looking to be stable
and we are expecting to do good volumes for the rest of the year, though rural income is down
at the moment.


Moving to our Vnext businesses, the Vnext has seen a tremendous growth in terms of volume
of almost 43% over the past year. Speaking about the robust demand for our products, I am
pleased to inform you that the capacity utilization of Vnext in Q1 FY24 has stood about 85%
and is expected to increase in the coming quarters. Vnext, with its unique advantages over the
conventional products, has a huge marketplace. We remain very optimistic about the future as
the product’s acceptance is increasing day by day. We are glad to announce that the product
Vnext is also part of the new parliament building as well as the Surat Diamond Bourse, the
world’s largest office building with a combined covering of more than 5 lakh square feet. Vnext



                      Page 3 of 15

===== PAGE 5 =====
                                                                   Visaka Industries Limited
                                                                            August 16, 2023

boards are an eco-friendly alternative product to plywood and gypsum board, wherein the
product is both fire and termite resistant. The use of our products for such constructions, like the
Surat Bourse, has helped to save over 100 trees from being felled and over 45,000 kg carbon
emissions.


In order to meet growing demand for our products, we have done a 72,000 metric ton of
greenfield expansion at West Bengal’s Midnapore, which is expected to be operational in
September 2023. By demonstrating the capacity to absorb costs, the company’s products
continue to deliver a superior price value proposition. The company showcased its resilience in
terms of performance on a year-on-year basis. We are optimistic about the industry as a whole
given that the building material segment is expected to grow at a pace of 8% to 12% for the next
4 to 5 years due to the various demand triggers including India’s urbanization drive. The rebound
in the real estate market and healthy outlook for the hospitality and healthcare sectors, we expect
our businesses to continue momentum in the coming quarters. The Vnext business, which we
started from scratch in 2008, now would likely touch around Rs. 450 crores by the end of this
year 2024, and as informed, targeting a turnover of Rs. 1,000 crores by the year 2030, with an
estimated investment of around Rs. 500 crores over the years.


Coming to our ATUM business, the solar cells are embedded into the fiber cement boards
making it a composite integrated solar roof with unmatched mechanical properties. This business
of ours is in line with the national goal of achieving 500 gigawatts of installed renewable energy
by 2030, which includes the installation of 280 gigawatts of solar power, making our product a
game changer in the industry. We have patents for ATUM, as some of you may already be
knowing, in India, USA, and South Africa; and all the 3 countries are great potential for our
product.


We have done projects for Mahindra, BPCL, Piramal, and the Rainbow Hospitals and several
others in the first quarter, which will lead us to many repetitive orders in terms of traction for
the product, and we see that the outlook for this is positive in the quarters to come. Our synthetic
yarn business for the current quarter has been reasonably good, considering the sluggish demand
in this sector. Most of the textile businesses have shown drop in turnover for the current quarter
compared to previous. We were able to manage the turnover with a good price and the demand
for yarn produced by recycling of used PET bottles has been rapidly growing. There is great
potential in the export market for this product as well. Our capacity utilization for synthetic yarn
in Q1 FY24 stood at 88%.


I will now discuss the Q1 FY24 financial performance. The revenues for the quarter stood at Rs.
447 crores versus Rs. 479 crores in Q1FY23..


Segment breakup:




                      Page 4 of 15

===== PAGE 6 =====
                                                                                      Visaka Industries Limited
                                                                                               August 16, 2023

                    The building products revenue for Q1 FY24 stood at Rs. 385 crores against Rs. 391 crores in
                    FY23 Q1 and EBIT of Rs. 27 crores as compared to Rs. 53 crores in Q1FY23...


                    The synthetic yarn revenues for Q1 FY24 stood at Rs. 62 crores against Rs. 88 crores in
                    Q1FY23.. .EBIT for the quarter for yarn segment stood at Rs. 8 crores as compared to Rs. 12
                    crores in Q1FY23.. .


                    The EBITDA including other income stood at Rs. 38 crores as compared to Rs. 66 crores,
                    resulting in a degrowth of 42%.On sequential quarter compared to Q4 FY23. The EBITDA grew
                    by 35%..The EBITDA for the previous quarter, Q4 FY23 stood at Rs. 28 crores. There was a
                    huge impact on the raw material input costs mainly of the chrysotile fiber due to the Russia-
                    Ukraine war due to which there has been a significant drop in our margins. PAT stood at Rs. 12
                    crores as compared to Rs. 38 crores in the previous quarter. And for Q4 FY23, it stood at Rs. 5
                    crores.


                    Borrowings of the company: The company has gross debt of Rs. 410 crores which is considered
                    as moderate due to aggressive expansions that we had undertaken in the recent years. The high
                    interest and depreciation also added to decrease in profitability due to higher CAPEX and
                    borrowings currently. With better performance and cash flows in the coming quarters, we expect
                    our borrowings to come down and with lesser interest costs. As the world moves forward with
                    reducing the impact of global warming, we continue to strive towards being sustainable by
                    leading the way across all our verticals, say the Vnext business or the Wonder Yarn business or
                    the Solar ATUM. With this, we open the floor for questions & answers.


Moderator:          Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question & answer session. We will wait for
                    a moment while the question queue assembles. The first question is from the line of Rahul Dani
                    from Monarch Networth. Please go ahead.


Rahul Dani:         My first question is regarding our Vnext division. We have done pretty well. Just wanted to get
                    some idea as to what kind of order book do we have and what kind of capacity utilization do you
                    expect for the same for this year?


G. Vamsi Krishna:   For the Vnext business, the capacity utilization so far has been around 88% to 90% in the first
                    quarter. We are seeing that the uptick is increasing and with our new plant coming in Midnapore,
                    we see that the overall distribution cost for the division will be better as the newer plants come
                    in. Overall, we see the demand for the product is very good. We are seeing a very bullish outlook
                    of almost around 25% to 30% in terms of growth rates in this space. I think we will be able to
                    achieve good numbers in this division.


Rahul Dani:         Sir, my second question is, as you know, also we are shifting our concentration away from
                    roofing business to other segments. So, just want to understand in the next couple of years, what
                    kind of revenue split do we see from each segment and any CAPEX lined up for the future?



                                           Page 5 of 15

===== PAGE 7 =====
                                                                                      Visaka Industries Limited
                                                                                               August 16, 2023

G. Vamsi Krishna:   Actually, I missed to mention this point. We, as a company, had taken up a goal to make our
                    legacy business to new-age business in terms of revenues to equalize, and we are very happy to
                    share that by FY25, we should see a 50:50 ratio in terms of new businesses to the legacy business.
                    And in terms of investments, as I just shared, we are looking at the Vnext division to be a good
                    growth driver for us in terms of the product acceptance and in terms of the product deployment.
                    We will be having a couple of more investments in the Vnext space more seriously as the years
                    progress. We are also looking at smaller investments in the textile space based on how the market
                    outlay is.


                    Going forward our investments will be more concentrated in the Vnext businesses, the high
                    growth rate business that we are concentrating on. And we look to double our revenues in the
                    Vnext space over the next 5 to 7 years. That’s the outlook that we are looking at in terms of
                    growth in this space.


Moderator:          The next question is from the line of Anika Mittal from Nvest Analytics Advisory LLP. Please
                    go ahead.


Anika Mittal:       My first question is, for our asbestos-based product, we have been badly impacted because of
                    our reliance on Russia for the raw material. Do we have similar dependence on any other raw
                    material which we import from any other country? Or do we have multiple sourcing options to
                    avoid such dependence?


G. Vamsi Krishna:   If I understood correctly, you are asking about the raw material import and dependency on
                    Russia for the legacy business and if there is any such similar dependency. No, actually, that is
                    one of the primary reasons why we are looking to expand and invest further into the new-age
                    new-growth businesses where we don’t have such dependency. Quite a few multiple sources of
                    raw material inputs and different countries that we have those sources from. So, we are fairly
                    secured our new-age businesses in terms of inputs.


Anika Mittal:       Sir, my second question is, post commissioning of new Midnapore plant in the current quarter,
                    can we expect more order inflows from export business?


G. Vamsi Krishna:   For the export business of Vnext?


Anika Mittal:       Yes.


G. Vamsi Krishna:   Vnext as a product has found great acceptance across the country and across the globe now. In
                    fact, we are exporting to more than 25 to 30 countries across the world. And the demand has
                    been slightly varying because of global impacts that are happening in various parts of the world,
                    but the off-take in terms of Vnext has been quite promising. In fact, our exports have been quite
                    stable. We are looking at almost roughly about 25% to 30% of our production that we can cater
                    to the exports market, but it will keep varying based on better pricing structure that we may get



                                            Page 6 of 15

===== PAGE 8 =====
                                                                                       Visaka Industries Limited
                                                                                                August 16, 2023

                    in terms of our long-term growth. That’s the reason why we are more concentrating in the Indian
                    market.


Anika Mittal:       Sir, my last question is, does the export business have better margins. And going forward, can
                    we expect more traction in that particular direction, as our exports for board division have been
                    20% or 21 odd percent in the last 3 years?


G. Vamsi Krishna:   It really depends on country to country in terms of margins and that we are very active in terms
                    of what and where we concentrate and what volumes we sell. I think it goes more into day-to-
                    day operations in terms of, are we getting better pricing from so and so country versus what we
                    can do within India or any other country for that matter. It’s a case-to-case basis and we try our
                    best to maintain the market and ensure that we get the best profitability for our products.


Moderator:          The next question is from the line and Dhananjay Kumar Mishra from Sunidhi Securities. Please
                    go ahead.


Dhananjay Mishra:   Sir, my first question is that you said that we had a very good volume in Vnext. What was the
                    revenue contribution in Vnext in this quarter and what was the growth?


G. Vamsi Krishna:   I will not be able to give you a specific number in terms of the revenue contributions of Vnext,
                    but I can tell you that the growth rate from last year to this year has been around 5% to 10% for
                    the first quarter because we have seen an overall slowdown. But going forward, we are looking
                    back to numbers of 25 plus in terms of our growth rates for the Vnext business.


Dhananjay Mishra:   Because, you also said that we will be doubling in the next 5 to 7 years. In that case, CAGR will
                    be just 13%. Our current capacity is 2.5 lakhs and then we are adding 72,000 tonnes in H2 by
                    September, right? So, what kind of growth are we expecting for this particular year in Vnext. .


G. Vamsi Krishna:   Like I have shared, year-on-year growth we are looking at around 25% upwards. That’s the track
                    that we have been having for over the last 2 to 3 years also. Going forward also, we see a similar
                    rate; 25% growth year on year is what we can expect from the Vnext business.


Dhananjay Mishra:   What kind of margin we are doing in Vnext.


G. Vamsi Krishna:   Margins have grown significantly. We can look at upwards of 15% gross.


Dhananjay Mishra:   15% EBITDA margin on a yearly basis?


G. Vamsi Krishna:   Yes.


Dhananjay Mishra:   My second question is, although all your peers, including you, are saying that the chrysotile fiber
                    price is the new normal and now we cannot expect much decline in the fiber prices. We will




                                          Page 7 of 15

===== PAGE 9 =====
                                                                                         Visaka Industries Limited
                                                                                                  August 16, 2023

                    have to increase prices to get to our normal margin we used to do in the roofing segment. Is there
                    any possibility to increase prices maybe in Q3 or Q4?


G. Vamsi Krishna:   Let me make myself more clear in terms of asbestos pricing. If you see the history of this
                    industry, I think every 5 to 7 years, there is a spike in terms of the fiber costs over the last couple
                    of decades, if you observe. And this time, unfortunately, it has been because of the war, and the
                    war situation has been quite unprecedented, as we all know. And we have been waiting for that
                    situation to settle down. But what we have been observing is because of that, the input costs
                    have taken almost a 25% upward trend in terms of the impact of cost. And the offset that we
                    could do in selling price was hardly about 2%. It’s almost 10x in terms of costs that have gone
                    up in spite of our selling price uptake. That is what we are trying our best to maintain in terms
                    of our expenses and ensure that our input costs come down and ensure that the prices go up.
                    Having said that, the selling price increase, since we all know that this is a rural product, has its
                    price limitations in terms of how much we can push upwards in terms of price. We are trying
                    our best to offset the input cost increase with various other measures. That has been the focus
                    right now for our company.


Dhananjay Mishra:   Lastly, about solar roofing. How has been the response for that product? Do you see that portion
                    or that space to grow in the next 1 to 2 years?


G. Vamsi Krishna:   Yes, absolutely. That has been one of the new initiatives by the company. And I always like to
                    mention that it has been a very exciting journey for us to enter a new space with a new product
                    where even the solar market has not seen such a product. And the gestation period has taken
                    time in terms of product acceptance, in terms of product spread, and we are seeing a very positive
                    sign in terms of getting repeat orders from the same customers that we have supplied over the
                    past 3 years. And that is what is giving us a good boost in terms of an outlook. In the next couple
                    of quarters, you should be hearing a lot more projects in terms of deployments, in terms of
                    execution, and in terms of growth. I would say a good idea for how the ATUM is driving should
                    come within the next maybe 10 to 12 months to be realistic in terms of how well the product is
                    taking off. But let me assure you that we are on the right track in terms of the product
                    deployment.


Moderator:          The next question is from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter Cyclical Investment. Please
                    go ahead.


Madhur Rathi:       Sir, from the previous participant’s question, when you are saying that our Vnext division is
                    expected to grow 20% to 25% over the next few years, why are we only guiding for doubling
                    our revenue in the next 5 to 7 years? Because, it will be a lower target than what the growth we
                    are seeing. If you could help me gain some clarity on that, it would be very helpful.


G. Vamsi Krishna:   You are asking, if we are projecting a growth of 20% to 25%, why is there not a faster revenue
                    uptick? Is that what you are asking?



                                           Page 8 of 15

===== PAGE 10 =====
                                                                                        Visaka Industries Limited
                                                                                                 August 16, 2023

Madhur Rathi:       Yes, we are only guiding for Rs. 1,000 crores in FY30; regarding that.


G. Vamsi Krishna:   The projections are based on various market conditions, as I am sure you all understand, and the
                    rate at which the product has been accepted and the way we are looking at it, taking all things
                    into consideration, we feel that this will be a good target for us in terms of where we are standing.
                    It took us almost 10 years to reach the stage of growth that we have today. And going forward,
                    I think we are very bullish in terms of how things are. If there is any opportunity at all in terms
                    of speeding this up, let me assure you we will be the first to grab that in terms of market capacity.
                    Since we have started today, we are selling almost Rs. 1 crore square feet per month. That is the
                    deployment that is happening month on month for the product. There is severe competition
                    looking at us in terms of how we are performing. There are new players entering the market. In
                    spite of all that, I feel the brand name that Vnext has created in the network, in the project space,
                    and the architect space, I think this will be a good achievement in terms of the way forward.
                    Having said that, any opportunity that we can do a better and faster job, let me assure you we
                    will be right there and ensure that happens.


Madhur Rathi:       So, this will be kind of a conservative number.


G. Vamsi Krishna:   Sure.


Madhur Rathi:       Sir, under the roofing segment, our revenues have been similar to what we had previous year
                    this quarter, but our margins have improved. Are you seeing some kind of improvement in the
                    asbestos sheet segment altogether? Or how is the industry performing? If you could highlight on
                    that.


G. Vamsi Krishna:   Unfortunately, the war’s impact has been quite long. We were not expecting the impact to be for
                    such a long time, but nevertheless, that has been the reality. And because of that, the input cost,
                    as I was sharing, has been on an uprise, and the company is trying various methods to offset
                    these increases and ensure that our margins are maintained. It has been a challenge in the first
                    quarter in terms of off-take because of various parameters and the input cost. Going forward, the
                    focus of the company will be to ensure that we curtail our expenses and ensure that we do the
                    best cost benefit analysis in terms of every sale that happens. That is the strategy for the roofing
                    business going forward.


Madhur Rathi:       Sir, my final question would be, in our AGM, we had guided that our yarn business is a high-
                    margin segment and we are into a specialized kind of recycled yarn. But our margins and
                    revenues have been declining constantly. Why is that and what is the view going forward?


G. Vamsi Krishna:   I don’t agree that the margins have been decreasing constantly. It has been only this quarter in
                    terms of a margin drop that we have seen in the textile space. That is because of an overall dip.
                    In fact, many companies have taken severe shutdowns and there have been severe actions taken
                    in the industry, but we have been able to maintain a basic, a smaller drop I can say compared to



                                          Page 9 of 15

===== PAGE 11 =====
                                                                                       Visaka Industries Limited
                                                                                                August 16, 2023

                    what has been happening in the industry. The outlook for textile has always been very cyclical
                    and a rapid uptake and rapid downtake in terms of our experience over so many years in this
                    space. I think a good outlay for you would be that we will ensure that whenever the markets are
                    doing well, we are getting the highest premium for the product that we make, which is the reality.
                    And whenever there is a downtrend, we are the least impacted compared to the competitors in
                    this space. Given that we are in that niche. I trust this answers your concern.


Madhur Rathi:       And my final question would be, when do we see both our segments going into steady state and
                    some kind of guideline on what could be our revenues for maybe the next 1 or 2 years and
                    margins as well?


G. Vamsi Krishna:   Definitely the new businesses are in a comfortable position in terms of takeoff, like I have shared
                    and reiterated. The margins are improving for Vnext as well. Last couple of years, we added 2
                    new plants and this year we will be adding another plant and we are looking at further expansions
                    in this space given the rapid acceptance and growth in the product. The margins also are
                    improving year by year or rather quarter by quarter for the Vnext division. Overall, I think the
                    company’s growth will be on track driven by the Vnext space – that’s what we are looking at –
                    supported with the solar and the textile businesses. That is what the general outtake is. The
                    roofing business we would see to be a more stable addition in terms of our turnover. We should
                    be able to maintain our costs and our expenses to have steady margins in that space will be a
                    good outlook for that.


Moderator:          The next question is from the line of Sanchita Sood from RoboCapital. Please go ahead.


Sanchita Sood:      Sir, what I wanted to ask was regarding the chrysotile fiber prices. What are they currently and
                    as compared to, say FY23, by what percentage have they gone up? And another question is that
                    when can we expect the overall margins to resume to, say FY22 or FY21 levels? When can we
                    expect them to come back to those levels again?


G. Vamsi Krishna:   In terms of fiber costs, actually the fiber costs have gone up by almost 22% to 25% in terms of
                    last year what we have seen and we have been able to offset hardly 2% in terms of increasing
                    our selling price for that space. Looking at the way things are moving, I think based on the input
                    that our suppliers have been sharing with us, as the war situation settles down, we will see a
                    normalization of the prices in terms of stabilizing or reducing from the current levels. Having
                    said that, the company’s effort has been constantly to be, I can’t say independent as there is
                    dependency on this raw material for making the product, but we are severely trying to come up
                    with how best we can reduce the cost by offsetting different expenses that we undergo.


Sanchita Sood:      Finally, I just wanted to ask what would be your outlook on the debt levels for the next 2 years.


G. Vamsi Krishna:   The debt levels should be coming down if we are not taking any further expansions in terms of
                    new projects. Actually, the interest costs and the depreciation account has impacted us in terms



                                         Page 10 of 15

===== PAGE 12 =====
                                                                                      Visaka Industries Limited
                                                                                               August 16, 2023

                    of the overall numbers, but we are seeing a positive outlay in terms of our cash flows from the
                    new businesses that we are having will kick in, I think the debt will definitely come down in
                    terms of overall outlook. Having said that, once we look at further expansions on new-age
                    businesses like Vnext, we might see a similar line but if not a reduction. That’s the general off-
                    take.


Moderator:          The next question is from the line of Chirag Vakharia from Budhrani Finance. Please go ahead.


Chirag Vakharia:    Sir, just wanted to get your sense for FY24. What margins do you expect for the roofing
                    business? And going ahead, where do you see this?


G. Vamsi Krishna:   Margins will be definitely under pressure because of raw material pricing. Based on what we
                    have achieved in Q1, I think definitely with the measures that we are taking in terms of reducing
                    our expenses, we will be definitely slightly better than what we have experienced. But I wouldn’t
                    assure a highly bullish picture in terms of the roofing business in terms of the pressure that we
                    are in.


Chirag Vakharia:    Sir, for the yarn, you said you were specifying about the margins. What range do you see margins
                    in good times and in bad times?


G. Vamsi Krishna:   Margins in the yarn business have been pretty steady. In fact, 15% upwards has been what we
                    have been observing in the yarn space. I think there has been about a 2% to 3% drop in Q1
                    compared to the previous quarters. But some years, we have even seen about 18% upwards. So,
                    we will say that the yarn business should give good revenues and turnover based on the market
                    situation. The outlook is that in another 6 to 8 months, there will be stability in terms of the
                    overall textile industry.


Chirag Vakharia:    Sir, in the roofing segment, in terms of growth and demand, what’s your outlook? How is it
                    shaping out?


G. Vamsi Krishna:   The roofing has been an interesting space since the last couple of years in terms of demand being
                    there in the rural markets. As you all know, the Indian market is evolving almost every year, and
                    our journey in this roofing space is to capture the rural market. People who are moving from
                    thatched roofing to cement roofing is the market space that we cater to. Over the years, if you
                    talk about Visaka being in the market for 40 years, the market has shifted from south to west to
                    east to now north. North and east are the primary markets where the demand is coming from for
                    the overall roofing space. That’s the reason why we wanted to increase our capacity in the north
                    to cater to this demand. Overall, as an industry, I think the numbers may be equal, hardly maybe
                    around 3% to 5% growth we can observe in good times. But it is more about how best we can
                    cater to the growing markets in the rural space. That is what the focus of the company should be
                    and to reduce expenses to offset these input costs that we are seeing.




                                          Page 11 of 15

===== PAGE 13 =====
                                                                                       Visaka Industries Limited
                                                                                                August 16, 2023

Chirag Vakharia:    Sir, any CAPEX plan for the next 2 years?


G. Vamsi Krishna:   We have some plans for the Vnext business that we will be sharing soon as the time comes. And
                    the textiles we have already shared, I think last quarter also, that we will be taking up some
                    investments to expand in the textile business. Nothing for the roofing space for now.


Moderator:          The next question is from the line of Aditya from Securities Investment Management. Please go
                    ahead.


Aditya:             Sir, if you could just talk about the pricing trends we are witnessing in the roofing segment.
                    Generally, what we see is that in Q2, the industry takes price cuts of around 3% to 5% as
                    compared to Q1. Are we witnessing similar trends this year as well?


G. Vamsi Krishna:   We are trying our best not to get a dip in Q2 in terms of pricing given the pressure for us. We
                    are trying our best to ensure that we do maintain the market – the price in terms of what we are
                    experiencing. I think, to be very fair and open in this space, this Q2 will be a challenge to ensure
                    that the prices don’t fall from the Q1.


Aditya:             Have we taken any price cuts in Q2 for the roofing segment?


G. Vamsi Krishna:   No, not at the moment.


Aditya:             And sir, if you could just talk about the capacity addition in the roofing segment. Are the other
                    players in the industry increasing capacities, and what impact would it have, if any, on the
                    pricing?


G. Vamsi Krishna:   I am hearing that one of our competitors is trying to do some expansion for the roofing space.
                    But we are concentrating heavily on increasing and capturing the rural network. Visaka’s
                    strength has always been to highlight and capture new markets. That has been a strength for us
                    since the beginning, where we hire new dealers and expand new markets. I wouldn’t say totally
                    unaffected, but we will still be in a comfortable position even though competition comes, as our
                    strategy is to constantly capture the growth market. That is what our take would be on that.


Aditya:             Which is the geography where the capacity is coming and what would be the size of that
                    capacity? Any idea?


G. Vamsi Krishna:   You will have to check with the competitors. I will not be able to comment on that.


Aditya:             Sir, I have a question about the Vnext segment. If the total raw material cost in the Vnext segment
                    is Rs. 100, which are the major raw materials which would constitute that?




                                          Page 12 of 15

===== PAGE 14 =====
                                                                                       Visaka Industries Limited
                                                                                                August 16, 2023

G. Vamsi Krishna:   The major raw material for that would be the pulp cost that we incur for Vnext space. But it is
                    not as similar to what we experience in terms of fiber. The quantity is much lower and suppliers
                    also are plenty in that space. We are in a comfortable situation in that.


Aditya:             Is the distribution for our Vnext segment and roofing business similar?


G. Vamsi Krishna:   Distribution for Vnext and roofing, the similar quantum is hardly 10% to 20%, not much. We
                    have deployed a completely new network. In fact, Vnext business is more of an urban dealer;
                    urban metros is what we cater to in terms of our product. Roofing segment is more of a rural
                    market. It’s more of a Tier-2 and Tier-3 belt. Just to give you an idea, we have almost about
                    10,000 selling points for the roofing segment across the country in the rural space. And for the
                    Vnext space, we have reached about 3,500 selling points in the major metros across the country
                    that we operate. That is just to give you a rough outlay in terms of where we stand. And just to
                    add to that, we sell through the gypsum network that is established in the countryand     through
                    plywood outlets as well. Just an idea for you in terms of where the growth is.


Aditya:             Sir, which would be the competing materials for our Vnext segment? Would MDF and plywood
                    be the competing materials for the Vnext segment?


G. Vamsi Krishna:   Actually not MDF. It would be plywood and gypsum board. For the drywall partitions where
                    plywood is being used traditionally, Vnext has substituted them. And for the false ceiling
                    applications where gypsum is used at large, Vnext is substituting that. These are the main pockets
                    where we cater to.


Moderator:          The next question is from the line of Jasdeep Walia from Clockvine. Please go ahead.


Jasdeep Walia:      Sir, what kind of EBITDA margins have you been able to achieve in the Vnext business? What
                    has been the trend in the last 3 to 5 years?


G. Vamsi Krishna:   We have been growing constantly in the Vnext space. For the last couple of years, we have seen
                    margins go up right from 8% to 10%, 12%, and now we are doing an upwards of 14%. We are
                    around the 15% mark in the Vnext business.


Jasdeep Walia:      Sir, these margins are now sustainable or with increasing scale, there’s potential to increase the
                    margins further?


G. Vamsi Krishna:   Surely, yes.


Jasdeep Walia:      There is potential to increase margins?


G. Vamsi Krishna:   Yes.




                                         Page 13 of 15

===== PAGE 15 =====
                                                                                         Visaka Industries Limited
                                                                                                  August 16, 2023

Jasdeep Walia:       What do you think the ideal margins would be in the long term?


G. Vamsi Krishna:    I think that will be hard to comment because the market has been expanding so drastically and
                     the plywood guys have also activated themselves in terms of protecting their market. But I can
                     give you an idea that it’s in a positive trend from where we are standing.


Jasdeep Walia:       Sir, you mentioned some new competitors have entered this space. Can you name these
                     companies?


G. Vamsi Krishna:    Not new competitors; the existing competitors themselves are becoming more active. As we
                     have been growing, they are also trying to expand. That is what I wanted to communicate to you
                     all.


Jasdeep Walia:       I understand you have around 32% market share in this business. Which are the second and third
                     largest companies, and what kind of market shares do they have?


G. Vamsi Krishna:    I think the second and third will be much behind us because right now we are far ahead in terms
                     of installed capacity as well and we have been adding capacities like I shared. Midnapore also
                     will be opening up next month. I don’t want to comment much on the competitors, but I can
                     share that there’s quite a good gap between us and the second player as well in terms of installed
                     capacity and sales as well.


Moderator:           The next question is from the line of Satish Kumar, an individual investor. Please go ahead.


Satish Kumar:        Sir, in the ATUM segment, when we reach say 60 megawatt full utilization, what revenue can
                     we expect?


G. Vamsi Krishna:    In the ATUM, if we do about 30 megawatt, we would be seeing anywhere between Rs. 85 crores
                     to Rs. 90 crores in terms of revenue. And 60 would be double of that, around Rs. 170 crores to
                     Rs. 180 crores.


Satish Kumar:        Sir, last quarter we released some pledges. What is the remaining pledge percentage?


Shafi Singanamala:   5.8% on the one promoter holding and 57% of another promoter holding is still there . I think
                     it will be released shortly. Last time you have seen that release. Again, we are trying to release
                     further also. The promoters are trying to release it. It will not be more than that.


Satish Kumar:        Sir, last question. What is the asset to turnover ratio we expect from the new West Bengal plant?


G. Vamsi Krishna:    It is 1:1. The investment is around Rs. 80 crores to Rs. 100 crores and we should be getting
                     around that same for in terms of revenues as well.




                                          Page 14 of 15

===== PAGE 16 =====
                                                                                       Visaka Industries Limited
                                                                                                August 16, 2023

Satish Kumar:        Sir, in Hyderabad I think we are investing around Rs. 75 crores for land. Any plan we have in
                     mind for a plant?


G. Vamsi Krishna:    Actually, we have been wanting to expand in terms of our setup and get into R&D for that as
                     well. That’s the reason why we got into that space. We have plans to make good utility for that.
                     We will share details on that very shortly.


Moderator:           The next question is from the line of Mukesh Panjwani from WC Securities. Please go ahead.


Mukesh Panjwani:     Sir, our Vnext division has been performing very well in the past and it is expected to do very
                     well in the future too. Despite the fact we see that the market is not giving good valuations to
                     the entire Visaka Industries, wouldn’t it be a good strategy to demerge this Vnext division so
                     that it can unlock the value for shareholders?


G. Vamsi Krishna:    Sure. We have been discussing that topic internally as well. We will get back to you on the right
                     decision that we end up taking on that space, but point noted. I think it’s a valid suggestion. We
                     will discuss on that angle as well.


Moderator:           As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to the management for their
                     closing comments.


G. Vamsi Krishna:    Thank you everyone for joining us. I think we had a good exchange of thoughts and information.
                     I can assure you all that the company will continue to seek to play its strengths and ensure that
                     we are doing strong and performing well in all our business segments across the country and
                     across each vertical like the roofing, the boards, the textiles, and the solar businesses. We are
                     optimistic of ensuring that we capture the growth attractively and profitably, enhancing value
                     for all our stakeholders. I hope we have been able to answer all your queries. If you require any
                     further details, please do contact us or Orient Capital, our investor relations partner. We will be
                     very happy to have a sit down and go into further depth. Thank you all. Have a good day.


Shafi Singanamala:   One clarification, sir. Total pledged shares are about 15.68% as on 30th June 2023


Moderator:           Thank you members of the management team. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Visaka
                     Industries Limited, that concludes this conference call. We thank you for joining us. And you
                     may now disconnect your lines.




                                          Page 15 of 15
