
===== PAGE 1 =====
Ref: VILSTEX/ConcallTranscript/FY2023/47                                      Date: 12.08.2022
To,
 National Stock Exchange of India Limited,        BSE Limited,
 Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,                       The Senior General Manager,
 Plot No. C/1G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Listing Compliances, Floor 25, P. J. Towers, Dalal
 Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051                  Street, Mumbai – 400 001
 Scrip Code – VISAKAIND                           Scrip Code – 509055
                                     ISIN CODE: INE392A01013

Sub: Transcript of Analysts/Investors ConCall pertaining to the Financial Results for the first quarter
    June 30, 2022

Dear Sir/s,

Further to our letter Ref: VILSTEX/ConCall/FY2023/41 Dated:05.08.2022, please find enclosed herewith
transcript of the Analysts/Investors Call held on Monday, August 8, 2022 on the performance of the
Company including Audited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for the first
quarter ended June 30, 2022.

Link: https://www.visaka.co/assets/website/files/investors/concall_files/TRANSCRIPTION-ConCall-08082022.pdf

This is for your information and dissemination please.

Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For VISAKA INDUSTRIES LIMITED
RAMAKANT Digitally  signed by
           RAMAKANTH KUNAPULI

H KUNAPULI Date: 2022.08.12
           17:30:50 +05'30'
Ramakanth Kunapuli
AVP & Company Secretary

Encl. a/a

===== PAGE 2 =====
            “Visaka Industries Limited
        Q1 FY 23 Earnings Conference Call”

                  August 08, 2022




MANAGEMENT:   MR. VAMSI KRISHNA - JOINT MANAGING
              DIRECTOR, VISAKA INDUSTRIES LIMITED
              MR. SHAFIULLA - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER,
              VISAKA INDUSTRIES LIMITED
              MR. VINAY BHATHIJA - HEAD INVESTOR
              RELATIONS, VISAKA INDUSTRIES LIMITED
MODERATOR:    MR. MANISH VALECHA – ANAND RATHI SHARE
              AND STOCK BROKERS LIMITED



                    Page 1 of 12

===== PAGE 3 =====
                                                                                  Visaka Industries Limited
                                                                                          August 08, 2022

Moderator:        Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q1 FY ‘23 Earnings Conference Call of
                  the Visaka Industries Limited, hosted by Anand Rathi Share and Stockbrokers. As a
                  reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity
                  for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during
                  the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone
                  phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.

                  I now hand the conference over to Mr. Manish Valecha from Anand Rathi Share and
                  Stockbrokers. Thank you and over to you, sir.

Manish Valecha:   Thank you. Welcome you all to the 1Q FY ‘23 results conference call of Visaka Industries
                  Limited. We have with us from the management Mr. Vamsi Krishna, the Joint Managing
                  Director; Mr. Shafi Ulla, Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Vinay Bhathija, who is the Head
                  Investor Relations.

                  I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Krishna for his opening comments. Over to you
                  sir.

Vamsi Krishna:    Very good afternoon. Thank you so much for the kind introduction. Mr. Manish, I welcome
                  you all for the Q1 FY 2023 call. Thank you all for joining and participating. We shall start by
                  giving my views on the macro picture. The major economies of the Western world
                  forecasting recession by the end of the calendar year, the pressure of the Russia-Ukraine
                  conflict is seen quite evidently across the world, especially on our raw material prices, the
                  crude oil commodities, while China is still in lockdown in quite a few places, the supply
                  chain constraints due to those actions. The central banks around the world are pushing the
                  rates and terms of money supply and the demand. However, I feel India is in a well-
                  positioned situation with inflation lower than other economies and the demand being robust.

                  Coming to our company's performance. This year, the revenues have been the best ever in the
                  company's history. The margins however, have had an impact due to the entire supply chain
                  being disrupted because of the war and logistics and other supply chain issues. But the
                  turnover is only a signal to show us that the demand and the future outlook is positive. I shall
                  start with the board segment first, the Vnext division. The Vnext boards and pallets have
                  been doing exceptionally well over the years what the company has been committing in terms
                  of sustainable and eco-friendly construction materials, is showing the way forward with a
                  volume growth of 62% compared to the corresponding quarter previous year.

                  Sequentially, we have also grown 7% compared to the March ‘22 quarter, the last quarter that
                  we've seen. The export market for this product also is good and we have grown by almost
                  26% over last quarter itself. Though the major economies are not faring well on the demand
                  side. Our exports to countries like the GCC, the South African markets and others have
                  increased and exploring new markets further to make our export division stronger. We are
                  able to maintain good margins in this division in spite of the supply chain pressures and cost
                  of inflation. This mirrors the market strength we hold and the brand presence that we have
                  created over the years.

                  The product Vnext cement boards is a revolutionary product. It can replace majority of the
                  traditional building materials and offers better quality than the conventional materials or
                  construction methods. Many corporates are using the products in various applications in
                  commercial, residential, and industry, we are seeing a good growth in terms of the housing
                  projects as well. Our Vnext boards are tested and certified to be water, fire and termite
                  resistant in all the agencies across the world, be TUV, EXOVA Warrington or our Indian
                  IGBC Certifications.

                  The product is gaining continued acceptance and momentum where we have also done some
                  high profile projects like Virat Kohli’s restaurants in Pune, or Manipal Institute and across




                                      Page 2 of 12

===== PAGE 4 =====
                                                               Visaka Industries Limited
                                                                       August 08, 2022

the educational institutions and others to speak of. We are able to reach customers through all
verticals of our business development, through social media, through our influencers reach,
our network expansion, and the focus is on to increase our ground base in terms of business
management, increasing our network across various portals.

The affordable housing sector also is helping us see a good conversion in terms of looking at
Vnext as a good alternative to traditional construction methods. Post-COVID major
commercial projects and top corporate of the country have realized the advantages of Vnext
boards, wherein we take almost half the labor that is required with conventional construction,
thereby boosting us forward.

Our fourth plant that was the Coimbatore factory, which began production in Q4 last year, is
seeing increasing utilization rates. Further the forward integrated panel factory that we had
set up at Coimbatore has also commenced production in July this year. We are happy to
announce that we are at full capacity across all the four Vnext factories that we have across
the country and we are very happy to announce that we are setting up a fifth cement board
Vnext factory in eastern part of the country in West Bengal, with a capacity of 72,000 metric
tons per annum. This will cater to the increasing in demand in the East and Northern markets
of our country. With this, we will be officially having plant in each of the zones across the
country and across pan-India.

We keep our targets intact, for growing more with good margins in this division. We will see
a growth rate of almost 30% to 40% year-on-year, the way things are going in this division.

Coming to our ATUM solar roof, it has also been seeing great momentum in the market. The
product is patented and the product serves as two in one solution, a hybrid product wherein it
acts both as a roof and a solar module wherein it saves costs compared to traditional roofs
plus solar. The awareness that we are trying to create across various platforms about the roof
generating product ATUM is what the talk of industry is, people are observing what this
product is achieving in terms of its technical parameters, product is unique and because of
this uniqueness, players like the Mahindra Group and the Covishield guys, all of the product
is going into prestigious projects wherein people are aware of the utility that we provide and
our job right now is to create this awareness amongst traditional solar adopters to make the
next step in terms of roofing and power generation. We have started appointing EPC
contractors across the country aiming a good target in the remaining quarters as we have a
good long-term, mid-term short-term orders in the pipeline.

We are also observing that the steel prices are stabilizing, which will act as a benefactor to
this division. High concentration is in segments, like new industries, commercial projects,
hospitals, hospitality, and residential projects. We have had another breakthrough in terms of
ATUM solar roof, wherein we can now retrofit existing roofs with that of ATUM solar roof.
What I mean by that is earlier, we would cater only to projects that would start from scratch,
which were greenfield projects, today with any product that is installed already has a roof,
can be replaced with that off ATUM solar, thereby opening up a totally new market in terms
of potential and growth that we see.

We are having great breakthrough in terms of the export market as well, we have had orders
in Thailand, we are having some talks in Australia, in Kenya and South Africa. And going
forward, we are looking at good demand in other parts of the world for ATUM as well.

Our Yarn segment, the wonder Yarn, a green yarn, that is, with all the R&D that has gone in
the backend during the COVID times has paid off. We are one of the first guys to have an
interesting breakthrough in terms of creating sustainable fabrics with our PVT recycled yarn
as well. The free trade deal in the textile segment with nations is increasing our volumes in
this segment as well. The traditional yarn continues to do a good business in the traditional
markets, like the new sustainable yarns with green -- enforced green eco-friendly touchpoints
is helping us enter new segments in the market.



                    Page 3 of 12

===== PAGE 5 =====
                                                                                 Visaka Industries Limited
                                                                                         August 08, 2022

                 The yarn segment sales for the current year grew by almost 200% compared to the previous
                 year. That was because of a complete lockdown and negative effects of textiles in the
                 previous year. We are happy to share that we are back to full capacity, both in terms of
                 production and in terms of sales for the yarn segment, this also has a 7% increase compared
                 to March of last quarter.

                 The current geopolitical instability in the Euro region has hampered our exports to that space.
                 Nevertheless, we have covered that, with increase in demand from our Indian domestic
                 market. We continue to explore new markets while creating value added products that fit the
                 market. Coming to the traditional roofing business, we are doing very well in the rural
                 network in terms of market demand. We grew almost 13% sequentially, and we continue to
                 focus on all our segments and roofing is one of the most important. Though there were
                 challenges in terms of increase in costs the rupee depreciation against the USD due to the
                 Russian-Ukraine war and other global factors, the roofing business has done reasonably well.

                 We expect the challenges to remain for some more quarters due to the conflict that is
                 happening in the global atmosphere, the company always takes appropriate measures to
                 remain competitive and show that we can perform in tough times. Though the margins have
                 come down in the roofing segment due to the rise in input costs, we are confident that we will
                 continue to perform well, where the demand is picking up is always the best and the right
                 signal in terms of the industry direction.

                 The company has looked at alternative materials to counter the supply chain demands which
                 is carrying on in the past direction. During the current quarter, we have comments our
                 commercial production of our second line of the Raebareli plant in UP the capacity of roofing
                 segment now is at 9 lakh metric tons for this year. Speaking on the new initiatives, let me
                 begin by saying that all the new developments that we have taken are bringing in good
                 demand for our core businesses. The visibility of our application, of our innovation and the
                 products that we are developing with a strong R&D base are all adding to the core business
                 development in terms of volume and the turnover growth that you see and the use and the
                 likes of the Vnext solutions and the ATUM life is helping us enter new arenas in terms of
                 catering markets, wherein we are getting into strong tie ups with the corporate segments,
                 wherein we are having an opportunity to build larger in the market.

                 We are very happy to share with you that though there is a tough time that we are seeing in
                 terms of the overall global scenario, we are confident that we will be on the right track and
                 the company is taking the right decisions to have a counterbalance to the challenging year
                 that we foresee, but our position remains to be positive. The Vnext’s growth is strong, the
                 ATUM positioning is consolidating and here to take off, the textile business is robust and
                 ready to take on the market expansions, and the AC at last is seeing a good demand even
                 though the input costs are increasing. So all in all, we are seeing a good positive we're to go
                 ahead, yet even though it is going to be a challenging one. Thank you all and I think we can
                 open up for questions.

Moderator:       Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. First question is
                 from the line of Divyanshi from Havells Investments. Please go ahead.

Divyanshi:       My first question is on ATUM, year back we discussed ATUM roof and you said that it's in
                 its nascent stage, wish to know the progress on the same as other companies like KPI, Green
                 Zodiac etc have jumped leaps forward and which year we shall reach full capacity utilization.

Vamsi Krishna:   Yes, thank you. So ATUM’s new product actually, it is just settling in terms of market
                 fitment. It is an indigenously developed product, wherein it is a roof infused with solar cells.
                 So, basically it is a single roof that generates power for you. And we have got patents for that
                 in India, in America and South Africa. So, the market, as I say the roofing segment is huge in
                 terms of almost the target that we are taking as a country is almost, 10 gigawatts for the year.
                 Our capacity that we have set up is 30 megawatts to start with. This year, we are trying to do



                                     Page 4 of 12

===== PAGE 6 =====
                                                                                   Visaka Industries Limited
                                                                                           August 08, 2022

                  almost about 15 to 20 megawatts in terms of the outlook the outlook that we have. I think
                  comparing with traditional solar modules will be a challenge in terms of the utility that we
                  provide. So traditionally, we don't compare with the traditional solar modules, what we look
                  at is as a VIPV category, wherein we are trying to replace roofs, be it the metal roof or the
                  traditional aluminium sheets, wherein we are trying to replace those with ATUM solar roof,
                  which generates power. So what we are foreseeing is in the next two years, we will be
                  reaching full capacity and increasing as output in terms of 30 megawatts upwards to 60
                  megawatts as well. So that's a brief outlook for ATUM solar roof.

Divyanshi:        I had another question, that can you please explain the cost differences between ATUM roof
                  and a traditional solar roof like how much 100 square feet of ATUM cost versus 100 feet of
                  traditional roof and what will be the cost of setting up the 30 Megawatt factories we have and
                  the margins we expect at full capacity utilization.

Vamsi Krishna:    Surely, so, coming to margins, I think we will be looking at almost about 10% to start with
                  once we reach full capacity, that is in terms of a nascent progression that we are looking at.
                  As we increase the outputs, we will definitely get better economies of scale in terms of
                  increased margins. Coming to the plant setup cost, we are looking at the setup cost is quite
                  low because of the technology that we've developed in house. We will be seeing hardly about
                  20 to 25 crore in terms of setting up a brand new facility of a large scale system of around 60
                  to 100 megawatts. But the CapEx is limited, but it's a more of an OpEx game in terms of the
                  working capital required will be quite high in terms compared to the CapEx. In terms of the
                  cost, we will be the same cost as a traditional roof plus a traditional solar module, we will be
                  equaling this same in terms of net value, in terms of price comparison, but in terms of energy
                  generation, we will be almost 30% to 40% higher in terms of energy output. To give you an
                  example, ATUM solar roof will generate 1 kilowatt of power in hardly 60 square feet,
                  whereas traditional solar will generate 1 kilowatt of power in 100 square feet. So that is really
                  the value add that you get apart from a roof generating power, the energy output that comes
                  with ATUM per square feet will be higher compared to the traditional solutions available in
                  the market. Thank you.

Divanshi:         Can you please give unit economics if possible?

Vamsi Krishna     Share surely I think we have a detailed presentation that we can share with you regarding
                  complete picture of ATUM. But in terms of unit economics, in terms of pricing, we can tell
                  you that it is around the same cost as traditional available solutions. We are not even
                  positioning or selling ourselves at a premium at this stage. And the margins that I'm talking
                  about are taking that into consideration. Once the product sets in, we will definitely be
                  looking at a better premium that we can demand for a product. Thank you.

Moderator:        The next question is from the line of Subham Agarwal from Aequitas Investments. Please go
                  ahead.

Subham Agarwal:   Yes, thank you for the opportunity. So my first question was regarding the board division. So
                  clearly, we have achieved INR 96 crore almost close to 100 crore under it now. And
                  management is putting a lot of confidence with the new capex. Sir, I wanted to know your
                  vision with regards to this division, how much this division can become, in let's say three to
                  five years from now and the key areas or the key milestone that you're looking at achieving to
                  get to that goal?

Vamsi Krishna:    Yes, sure. So, just to give you an idea, I think as you rightly said, we have been very bullish
                  on the Vnext division. Right from the very beginning, when we started off in 2010. The
                  product literally grew up from scratch in terms of the turnover that we are looking at today.
                  This year, we are projected to reach around maybe anywhere between INR 350 crore to INR
                  400 crore for this segment alone. Going forward with the growth rate that we are expecting,
                  we would need to set up almost a plant every two years, is what we are expecting in terms of
                  what we are looking at something to compare with what Visaka experienced from 2000 to



                                      Page 5 of 12

===== PAGE 7 =====
                                                                                   Visaka Industries Limited
                                                                                           August 08, 2022

                  2008. In terms of the growth in our roofing segment, where we had set up almost five
                  manufacturing plants in a span of 7 to 8 years, we expect that kind of growth going forward,
                  for Vnext alone. I think by 2030, we should be looking at adding at least around four to five
                  plants of Vnext alone, wherein we will be able to create around 25,000 tonnes additional to
                  what we are doing in terms of a monthly output sale. So, the growth that we are looking at is
                  quite robust. I think Vnext is going to take off in a big way in the coming months, in the
                  coming years and the consumers are also showing us that confidence in terms of the premium
                  and the brand equity that we are able to get in the market. So going forward, I think Vnext
                  will be a wonderful division to look out for.

Subham Agarwal:   Fair enough. And secondly, in this division, if we talk of margin, it has remained quite low
                  compared to the CapEx that we are doing in plant. So with scalability, what kind of
                  sustainable margin are you targeting to achieve to get a decent IRR or ROE from this
                  projects?

Vamsi Krishna:    Surely, surely. So I think margins point of view, I think we've always been indicating that we
                  will do anything but in between 12% to 15%. And I think you will be seeing that very
                  shortly. In fact, the first quarter of this year also, have seen a good uptake in terms of the
                  pricing that they've got in the market. Going forward, I think definitely we will be seeing a
                  very positive sign in terms of the margins this year and going forward. In spite of having
                  severe challenges in the supply chain and cost pressures, Vnext will be doing well in the
                  overall margins point of view.

Subham Agarwal:   Okay, good to hear that, sir. And lastly, on the cost front, so we import a lot of fiber for this
                  division. And three months back there was certain problem with relates x regarding to import
                  of product, and we were looking at different geographies to import. So what is the current
                  situation there?

Vamsi Krishna:    So I think for the next particularly, I think we should credit the experience the team have got
                  in terms of dealing with the roofing fiber costs, we have been doing very good R&D In terms
                  of offsetting the costs with other materials. What I mean to say is, be it the recycled content
                  in Vnext or be the substitute products for the pulps that we use. I think our team has done a
                  tremendous job in terms of offsetting the cost that we are experiencing. In fact that you will
                  be able to see that very clearly, in terms of our margins that you will be seeing, that input
                  cost, and Vnext is being very efficiently managed by our team in terms of the R&D that we're
                  doing to offset. So I would like to say that yes, though there are treasures, I think Vnext
                  should be in a comfortable park in the months to come.

Subham Agarwal:   Okay. And lastly, just to summarize the entire discussion. So with the growth rate that you
                  have projected, it seems like in three to four years down the line we can achieve INR 1000
                  crore from V board. So do you see this achievable and with the margin, it looks like almost
                  INR 130 crore to INR 150 crore of EBITDA, we can generate out of this divisions.

Vamsi Krishna:    I would refrain from commenting to your comment, but I would definitely say yes by 2030
                  we should be able to look at the numbers that you're talking about. Yes, definitely.

Moderator:        Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankit from Oculus Capital Growth Fund.
                  Please go ahead.

Ankit:            Hi, thanks for the opportunity. Sir, I'm looking at your shareholding and there is a
                  shareholder Vigilant Security Services, so wanted to know if this is part of the promoter
                  family?

Vamsi Krishna:    Actually not, I actually not I think there was some article also that unfortunately, got posted
                  we are aware of that, we have nothing to do with that company anymore.




                                      Page 6 of 12

===== PAGE 8 =====
                                                                                   Visaka Industries Limited
                                                                                           August 08, 2022

Ankit:           Okay, so this is not related to promote at all?

Vamsi Krishna:   No, no.

Ankit:           Okay. So it's just an investor who used to hold 10%.

Vamsi Krishna:   Yes, this is an investment and actually, I -- if you to take a look at our recent shareholding
                 and bringing institutions shareholder, so that’s the direction we are in.

Ankit:           Got it. Thanks. And another think on the asbestos roofing, which is basically the majority, I
                 believe, majority of our EBIT will be coming from that division. So, just want to know your
                 views on that decision with respect to the brands that we have seen across the world, non-
                 asbestos, how it can affect our company, if something happens in India also in a widespread
                 way? What can be a solution for that what are the options that we can provide if there is
                 some, like if government says that you have to remove asbestos roofing and replace it with
                 something else? Because what are the discussions that we are having with the government
                 with respect to just you know set up, just wanted to know your thoughts on that?

Vamsi Krishna:   So first of all, I think this has been a point of discussion for so many years, like ever since
                 I've joined it 12 years ago, the whole discussion was on this and rightly so, the point of
                 asbestos in terms of a product, first off, I would like to reiterate that we are in complete
                 thought of safety compliance is very high in the country. I must be speak about all our
                 competitors as well, because of the experiences that [inaudible 32:46] has created across the
                 world, the industry has such has faced a lot of turmoil and shut down and banned in many
                 places. But in India, we are very stringent in terms of the compliances, what we do and how
                 we use asbestos and we use only white asbestos, which is unlike the blue asbestos, is much
                 safer in terms of the usage. Having said that, the cost of the product that we look and the
                 roofing sheet, the cement roofing sheet cost is 15 rupees per square foot. Whereas, if you take
                 a comparative of a metal sheet, the cost is almost 45 rupees per square feet. So the roofing
                 sheet, the cement roofing sheet that we offer is actually a poor man's product. India being a
                 rural market, the demand comes heavily from the lower section in terms of the demand and
                 that is where the pricing point has stabilized. Having said that, we have been very active
                 again, I must reiterate, we have a non-asbestos product ready already it is in and in the
                 market as well. But the quantum of that right now, being taking the cost into account is very
                 limited. We have the technical ability to shift over to non-asbestos, if the time and need really
                 comes, but keeping the cost in mind, we always have to make sure that our product is
                 available at the right price to our consumers. Having said that, we have also got into a very
                 interesting mix of ways, we can create a product with good strength and without the use as
                 well.

                 So that is point number one. Point number two in terms of our margins. Yes, predominantly
                 the roofing sheet business is the main margin for the company. But we are seeing a good
                 change in that in terms of the contribution that we are getting from the textile division and
                 Vnext boards division, both of which going forward, I think we will be seeing a good
                 contribution, compared to image roofing as well.

Ankit:           Thanks. And sir, basically when we when we give the segmental breakup of the roofing, the
                 building products versus the yarn business, can we give the going forward, whenever this
                 becomes material, can we give the breakup in terms of your Vnext, and ATUM plus your
                 asbestos sheets and the Yarn, so basically the three segments is what – what I understand is
                 the next future growth drivers will be Vnext and the ATUM.

Vamsi Krishna:   Surely, so, I think fair ask in totality, we are actually working on that space, we will let at the
                 right time, I think we're just seeing how best to represent that. Point noted.




                                     Page 7 of 12

===== PAGE 9 =====
                                                                                   Visaka Industries Limited
                                                                                           August 08, 2022

Moderator:         Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mukesh Panjwani from Value Securities.
                   Please go ahead.

Mukesh Panjwani:   So we can see that the Vnext division is going very, very well. And despite that, you can also
                   see that the valuations of company are really -- I can say, deeply undervalued. So is it
                   possible to demerge this Vnext division so that they it can unlock the value for shareholders?

Vamsi Krishna:     Yes, again, I must have to respond in a similar way I just did. Unfortunately, we are
                   exploring options in terms of how best we can unlock untapped value for the Vnext, and the
                   new age products. I think this has been a point of concern for most and we are looking at
                   options to export.

Moderator:         The next question is from the line of Denish Shah from Equinox Funds. Please go ahead.

Denish Shah:       Thank you for the opportunity. My question will be on the Yarn segment, how will the free
                   trade agreement benefit us in this segment? Or in the board process? So my questions is on
                   yarn would be on yon segment, how will the free trade agreement benefit us in this segment
                   or in the board products, Vnext and Yarn, what percentage of sales are we exporting in each
                   product, the geographic division if you can help.

Vamsi Krishna:     Great, I think first off, I think to mention our company's very heavily focused on the domestic
                   growth I think Indian story in terms of the market in terms of the business, economics is very
                   strong. And we have always been very bullish outlook in terms of the India story. So, almost
                   all the products that we are catering to today, hardly I think around 25% to 30% is what we
                   export and that to given at the right price and at the right contribution for our company. So
                   something like a free trade helps us to look at countries where we can explore markets in
                   terms of what we are doing. But I would like to reiterate that our focus has been majorly in
                   the domestic market where we are seeing a very robust growth in terms of the India growth
                   story. So that's where we stand.

Denish Shah:       Okay, my second question would be is on the Vnext board, considering the demand and 25%
                   growth target, a little too conservative, what is the market size of the product and our market
                   share?

Vamsi Krishna:     Sorry, can you can you repeat the beginning please?

Denish Shah:       Yes, is on Vnext board, isn't considering that demand a 25% growth target a little
                   conservative?

Vamsi Krishna:     Sure. So I think in terms of the demand, what we're really seeing is the conversion from
                   segments like the plywood market, from the gypsum board market and where the external
                   walls are concerned the brick walls as well, right and what we are looking at is nearly
                   expanding in terms of growth cycles. So, if you really look at our growth story over the past
                   10 years, the growth rate that we are achieving today has not been achieved by any company,
                   not by us either earlier today, what we are seeing is post-COVID the uptake has been very
                   strong. And in that, I think I’d be very happy to say that we are ahead of the curve in terms of
                   the growth cycle and in terms of product production, I think going forward to give you a
                   good number, I think we will stick to 30% to 35% in terms of what we are looking at as a
                   strong growth rate as a sustainable growth rate to reach out to a larger market. I think I
                   should not say that it is too low. I think we entered the right space and we are good growth
                   rate. I wouldn't agree that the growth rate is low in this font.

Denish Shah:       So just relating to my first question. So what's the geographic division?

Vamsi Krishna:     In terms of plant locations?




                                       Page 8 of 12

===== PAGE 10 =====
                                                                                    Visaka Industries Limited
                                                                                            August 08, 2022

Denish Shah:     Yes.

Vamsi Krishna:   So, we have four plants at the moment we have one in Telangana, one in Tamil Nadu, one in
                 Maharashtra and one in Haryana. So, these are our four plants at the moment. We are the
                 largest in terms of market share and in terms of our monthly products, yearly output. And as I
                 announced it during my comments, we are setting up our fixed manufacturing plant this year
                 in the eastern segment of our country in West Bengal as well.

Denish Shah:     And in geography revenue and breakdown in exports.

Vamsi Krishna:   Exports again like I said, across all the four divisions, we do about 25% to 30% of our overall
                 output, we do export from our Telangana facility and our down facility mainly. The market
                 demand per se is very bullish in the south, the south market is very strong in terms of product
                 adoption, especially the Kerala market, we are market leaders in that space as well. The
                 growth that we are seeing is slowly picking up in other parts of the country, be it central or
                 the eastern, where today we are seeing a good demand for it. Thereby going there in terms of
                 our next expansion.

Moderator:       Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shambhavi from Infinity Funds. Please go
                 ahead.

Shambhavi:       My question is on the three new initiatives that you have been mentioning in the presentation,
                 what is the exact capital expenditure we have made or are planning to in each of the three,
                 mainly ATUM charge, Vnext solution and ATUM life? And what are the revenues are
                 expecting from each of the three in the next three to five years? And the target margins is
                 possible?

Vamsi Krishna:   So I think ATUM life and ATUM charge, they're going hand in hand in fact, what we are
                 trying to create is a space where people can experience what sustainability really means. And
                 in terms of what are sustainable products here to offer. Most of which what I'm trying to
                 explain to you all are over a phone call, or when we talk to clients over zoom calls. As we are
                 in the construction space. It's very hard to explain because customers want to touch and feel a
                 product so that’s the whole experience of ATUM life that we are trying to create. This year
                 we are setting up close to around 10 stores across the country targeting all the major metros
                 to begin with and the investment for that would be hardly around INR 10 crore to INR 15
                 crore, it's a very small space in terms of what we are looking at. The main purpose of this
                 would be to showcase our products much like what the traditional players in the industry
                 have -- like the likes of Kajaria or Century where they created experience zones or
                 experience centers, this will be in that direction with a different twist, with a different tinge of
                 sustainability wherein we actually offer all our products at AG go in terms of sustainability. I
                 think the target revenues, I will be able to share with you, as we deploy these we have a
                 rough plan in mind, but it is an interesting model where we are trying to boost our traditional
                 product field using active life as a forward integration. So, I'd be very happy to share this in a
                 couple of months as we go back in terms of Vnext solutions, I think just to share with you
                 what it is, Vnext solutions is our arm when we take on construction for corporates from start
                 to finish across the corporate profile, it is mainly a b2b activity, wherein we take get into a
                 relationship with a corporate and do the work for them from start to finish with our product
                 range. I think by 2025, we should be looking at anywhere between INR 100 crore to INR 150
                 crore in this division. And our outlook for this in terms of margins, we are expecting good
                 12% to 15% in terms of Vnext solutions, so that is the space that we are working on in terms
                 of the turnkey outlets.

Moderator:       Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deep Gandhi from Astute Investment
                 Management. Please go ahead.




                                      Page 9 of 12

===== PAGE 11 =====
                                                                                  Visaka Industries Limited
                                                                                          August 08, 2022

Deep Gandhi:     Good afternoon, sir. So my first question is related to the fiber cement board division. So this
                 quarter you had almost, I think, 6%, 7% value growth. So, can you explain what led to this
                 kind of price growth and was there any element of also, any raw material price increases
                 which led to you also increasing your finished product prices? So, you can mention that?

Vamsi Krishna:   Yes, surely. So, we have grown almost about 60% compared to the previous year, first
                 quarter and almost 8% compared to the last quarter, definitely there has been an increase in
                 our input costs, which we have offset in terms of price increases, right. So, yes, both have
                 happened and the increase in demand is predominantly due to the advantages our product
                 has, in terms of the labor, I think overall, the construction industry as we see it has got a very
                 good idea of how Vnext is a suitable product for mass scale deployment in terms of
                 construction with less labor, that is really our key point in terms of mass deployment, so
                 that’s the reason for the growth we are observing.

Deep Gandhi:     So you mentioned in your opening remarks as well in the questions, you are expecting 30% -
                 35% growth from this division. So broadly, if you can mention what will be -- out of this
                 30% 35% growth, what kind of price growth are you expecting for next few years and then
                 the remaining portion of the volume, so if you can give a broad break up?

Vamsi Krishna:   I think it would be difficult for me to mention what price has been getting, I can tell you the
                 margins that we're looking at will definitely be above 12% In the next two years, but we are
                 looking at, so it will be a very strong increase in terms of where we are standing up.

Deep Gandhi:     Okay, and if you can mention what kind of EBITDA margins did you did in this segment for
                 the quarter, just to get a sense what kind of maybe delta is possible from here on?

Vamsi Krishna:   I think I think last quarter I will be able to share with you offline but either this year forward
                 we will be doing 12% plus for sure.

Deep Gandhi:     My another question which I had is in terms of are you seeing maybe any international player
                 entering into India, so, they might be already importing some portion of their products, but
                 have you seen any new player maybe enter or existing international player and also setting up
                 their own manufacturing in India, maybe this year or maybe in the past, have you seen any
                 such kind of playing out?

Vamsi Krishna:   I don't think it will be particularly a risk, it will always be a positive interaction in terms of
                 market growth, if you really look at, but there have been many international players that have
                 been talking or have entered the market, but I think we are in a strong ground in terms of the
                 network, we have almost 2,500 to 3,000 selling points, that we cater across only in the urban
                 segment for this product. So, we are in a strong footing, in that base, also we have a very
                 good business development wing, where we get specified into good projects. So I think we
                 are in the right track. Nothing to worry about particularly.

Moderator:       Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chirag Shah, an individual investor. Please
                 go ahead.

Chirag Shah:     I had acouple of questions on the Vnext boards, so your present capacities around 240,000
                 metric tons and you will be adding 72,000 metric tons by the end of this year. So, what will
                 be the CapEx for the 72,000 metric tons in the revenue potential from this addition?

Vamsi Krishna:   So, Yes, so it will be around a INR 100 crore for this one. And the usually what we are
                 experiencing in the Vnext is the capital turnover ratio is one is to one. So, we will be looking
                 at revenue contribution around 100 as well.

Chirag Shah:     Okay. So when you mentioned earlier in the call that you, project that maybe four or five
                 plans will be set up by 2030. So, are we looking at basically doubling of potential or doubling



                                    Page 10 of 12

===== PAGE 12 =====
                                                                                  Visaka Industries Limited
                                                                                          August 08, 2022

                 of capacity by 2030? That means, I think you'll be at around 210,000 metric tons, or roughly
                 maybe three…

Vamsi Krishna:   Yes, you roughly you can say that to be in that direction yet.

Chirag Shah:     Because basically you said you will double approximately by 2030. Am I right?

Vamsi Krishna:   Yes, yes.

Chirag Shah:     Okay, so for the immediate future, 2024 – ’25 is there any capex that has been firmed up for
                 the division?

Vamsi Krishna:   Yes, plant like we said, so we will be undergoing that for this coming year. And post that we
                 will definitely share with you at the right time.

Chirag Shah:     Any details on the first plant? In terms of CapEx? In terms of capacity?

Vamsi Krishna:   Yes, this this 72,000, as you said that that's going to be the capacity and we're going to invest
                 about INR 100 crore in that. And we shift the plant by next year, so that is the target that we
                 have.

Chirag Shah:     Okay. So no plans beyond that as of now.

Vamsi Krishna:   As of now, yes, this is what you'd like to share.

Moderator:       I suppose the line of research has been disconnected. Let's move on to the next participant.
                 The question is from the line of Denish Shah from Equinox Funds. Please go ahead.

Denish Shah:     Sir, regarding ATUM is approx five years old now. So but -- revenue are not impressed.
                 What hardships are we seeing here?

Vamsi Krishna:   So actually, I think product is almost about three and a half to four years I was 2018, ’17 –
                 ‘18 onwards, the product is actually picking up. What we are seeing now is unfortunately
                 because of COVID and because of the experiences of the product being new, we couldn't file
                 a good take off in terms of what the true potential of the product is. But I think we are quite
                 bullish, even if you see Vnext when we started off, because the construction products have
                 normally have a long gestation period because people don't want to be the first ones to use,
                 unlike technology in terms of software or in terms of new products. Normally, in construction
                 industry, we experienced a rather slow gestation period for a completely new product. But I
                 think you should see a tremendously different picture in the next coming years, in terms of
                 ATUM growth in terms of revenue as well, because we are adding very good clients onto the
                 list. So I think it's in the right direction, in terms of what we are experiencing.

Denish Shah:     Okay, so now COVID is gone. So what revenues are we targeting? Any big developers we
                 catering to?

Vamsi Krishna:   Yes, last year, we did around INR 20 crore, this year we are targeting to double it. And there
                 on, so we should be doing pretty strong in the next couple of years, in the next two to three
                 years, you’d be seeing definitely full capacity of the 60 megawatt usage as well after a small
                 expansion.

Denish Shah:     Any big developments we catering?

Vamsi Krishna:   Yes, of course. I've shared this earlier and like I've said, we are catering to hospitals, which
                 are taking our product in a big way. Because most hospitals in terms of their roof, terrace



                                    Page 11 of 12

===== PAGE 13 =====
                                                                                 Visaka Industries Limited
                                                                                         August 08, 2022

                 roof space on use is very limited. So ATUM helps them to get into an additional flow.
                 Developers like my Mahindra themselves are working for the Mahindra light resorts, their
                 eco-friendly resorts, we actually had a partnership with them, where in across the country,
                 they are setting up ATUM solar roof for their resorts. In terms of the product output, in terms
                 of Manipal Institute, we are now getting repeat orders from them in terms of product outtake,
                 the Prestige group, the Phoenix group, sorry, is taking good load. So I think we are going in
                 the right direction. You will see good numbers in the month in the years to come for sure.

Denish Shah:     Okay, so what was Q1 revenue?

Vamsi Krishna:   For ATUM?

Denish Shah:     Yes.

Vamsi Krishna:   Q1 revenue, I think will be around anywhere between INR 5 crore to INR 8 crore in Q1.

Moderator:       Thank you, ladies and gentleman, this would be the last question for today which is from the
                 line of Satish Kumar an individual investor. Please go ahead.

Satish Kumar:    Hello, sir. Good afternoon. Anymore talks going on with the railway for the ATUM solar
                 roof projects.

Vamsi Krishna:   Yes, so, actually very interesting, we are having good interaction with the railways, but
                 unfortunately, we are not able to do CapEx deals with them, the railways is expecting OpEx
                 deals, so we are figuring out how to structure ourselves in terms of financing that. But I think
                 very soon you will be seeing good deployment in the railways for ATOM as well

Satish Kumar:    Yes, because the railway starting some rooftop malls also, I read it. So, that will be good
                 opportunity right. Another regarding Vnext solution currently any traction in Vnext solutions,
                 there is….

Vamsi Krishna:   So it is very selective, we are not going in a bullish way in terms of going and bagging
                 projects, in terms of anything and everything we are trying to be very selective because what
                 we are seeing Vnext solutions to be as more of a forward integration arm to strengthen our
                 turnkey solutions. So that's what we are looking at.

Moderator:       Thank you. As that was the last question for today, I would now like to hand the conference
                 over to the management for closing comments.

Vamsi Krishna:   So thank you, everybody. I think, once again, I would like to take this opportunity to share
                 with you all that the company is in the right direction. And though things in the global front
                 are impacting us in terms of margins and in terms of the supply chain, I think the company is
                 taking the right decision, the team is completely focused to do a good back end R&D to help
                 the company go forward, in terms of what we can achieve. And though we are seeing tough
                 times, I think we will be having a good positive performance in this year to look forward to.
                 So thank you everybody for joining on this call. Any further questions, you can reach out to
                 my colleague, Mr. Vinay, and he can set up for the interaction for us. Thank you so much.
                 Have a great day.

Moderator:       Thank you, on behalf of Anand Rathi Share and stockbrokers that concludes this conference.
                 Thank you for joining us and we you may disconnect the line.




                                    Page 12 of 12
