Rating Rationale 

 Rating Rationale 
 February 18, 2025 | Mumbai 

 Valiant Laboratories Limited 
 Rating downgraded to 'Crisil BBB/Negative' 

 Rating Action 
 Total Bank Loan Facilities Rated Rs.50 Crore 
 Long Term Rating Crisil BBB/Negative (Downgraded from 'Crisil BBB+/Negative') 

 Note: None of the Directors on Crisil Ratings Limited’s Board are members of rating committee and thus do not participate in discussion or assignment of any ratings. The Board of Directors also does not discuss any ratings at its meetings. 
 1 crore = 10 million 
 Refer to Annexure for Details of Instruments & Bank Facilities 

 Detailed Rationale 

 C risil Ratings has downgraded its rating on the long term bank facilities Valiant Laboratories Ltd (VLL) to ‘Crisil BBB/Negative' from ‘Crisil BBB+/Negative'. 

 Rating action reflects continued moderation in the business risk profile of the company on account of subdued demand and fall in realization along with lower fixed cost absorption. 

 Revenue for the 9MFY25 moderated to around Rs 75.60 crore, a year-on-year degrowth of ~50% mainly due to slower-than-expected recovery over the medium term. Performance in 9MFY25 remained under pressure owing to subdued demand. Company has reported revenue of Rs 75.60 crore and operating loss of Rs 8.51 crore in 9M FY25 wh ere in revenue was at Rs.151.48 Crores and operating loss of Rs.3.88 Crores during similar period of FY 24 . This plummeting margin is also on account of low-capacity utilization resulting in lower absorption of fixed cost amid tepid demand from the end user segment. The company’s working capital cycle has also been stretched. 

 Though company’s performance has seen improvement in Q3FY25 (Revenue of Rs.35.23 Crores and operating profit of Rs.0.62 Crores) ,sustenance of similar per formance over medium term will remain key monitorable . 

 Despite the weakened operating performance, financial risk profile is likely to remain adequate with the expected benefits from operationalization of the proposed capex. Debt protection metrics, which is expected to be impacted this fiscal, will gradually improve from next fiscal and will remain monitorable. Despite expected additional debt of Rs 60-80 crore for capex in the fiscal 2025, company’s gearing is expected to remain below unity. 

 Liquidity will be supported by moderate bank limit utilization and unencumbered cash and cash equivalents of Rs 79 crore as on Dec 31st, 2024. Company has Rs.10-15 Crores repayment obligation in FY25. Repayments are expected to be at Rs. 15   crore per annum staring FY26. 

 The ratings continue to reflect the strong market position marked by established customer relationship and diversified product basket, experienced management, and healthy capital structure. These strengths are partially offset by its susceptibilit y to fluctuations in raw material prices, intense competition and regulatory risks, and its working capital-intensive operations 

 Analytical Approach 

 To arrive at the ratings on VLL, Crisil Ratings has combined the business and financial risk profiles of VLL and its subsidiary Valiant Advanced Sciences Pvt Limited (VASPL). 

 Unsecured loan of Rs 59.4 crore from the promoters has been treated as debt 

 Please refer Annexure - List of Entities Consolidated, which captures the list of entities considered and their analytical treatment of consolidation. 

 Key Rating Drivers & Detailed Description 

 Strengths : 

 Well Established clientele base and Experienced management: Promoters have been engaged in the chemical intermediates business for over three decades which has enabled them to develop strong understanding of market dynamics and establish healthy relations with customers and suppliers. VLL has established presence in the active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) manufacturing business. Presently company manufactures paracetamol. VLL has established healthy and long-term relationship with various customers acros s India. Crisil  Ratings believes that VLL’s established industry presence, diversified product basket and long and established relations with customers, bolsters its business risk profile 

 Healthy capital structure:   The financial risk profile is above average with Low reliance on external funds has kept the capital structure healthy, as indicated by gearing of 0.32 time (which is largely on account of unsecured loans of Rs.59.4 Crores) and total outside liabilities to adjusted net worth ratio of 0.45 times as on March 31, 2024, coupled with strong net worth of Rs. 236.8 crores. Company has raised Rs. 152.46 crores through initial public offering (IPO) in October 2023, thereby resulting in fur ther improvement in capital structure.   Company is undertaking capex and IPO proceed is expected to partly mitigate the funding risk of capex being undertaken. 

 While debt protection metrics have also been healthy backed by low debt with interest coverage and net cash accrual to total debt ratio stood at 16.37 times and 0.03 time, respectively, for fiscal 2024, it will moderate in FY25. 

 Weakness es : 

 Susceptibility of operating margin to volatility in raw material prices: The raw material prices are volatile, and their availability is subject to market conditions. The operating margin of VLL has been volatile in range of 0.6%-26% over past five fiscals, on account of fluctuations in raw material prices, which the company can pass on after a lag. Players in the pharmaceutical industry are susceptible to regulatory changes with respect to price controls and approvals. Moreover, intense competition in the pharmaceutical industry further restricts bargaining power. Furthermore, sustenance of operating margin post completion of capex and during ramp up stage will remain monitorable. 

 Working capital-intensive operations: Gross current assets were at 124-250 days over the four fiscal periods through 2024. The large working capital requirement stems from sizeable receivables of 91 days and moderate inventory of 19 days. The receivables are high at the end of the fiscal due to high year-end sales and they provide extensive credit to longstanding customers. The working capital cycle will remain a key monitorable 

 Liquidity : Adequate 

 Bank limit utilization is   34 for the past nine months ended Dec 2024. Current   ratio   is   satisfactory at 6.95 times on March   31, 2024.   Moderate cash and cash equivalents of around Rs. 78.23 Crores as on December 31, 2024.   Low gearing and moderate net worth support its financial flexibility and provides the financial cushion available in case of any adverse conditions or downturn in the business. 

 Outlook : Negative 

 VLL’s credit profile will remain under pressure on account of subdued operating performance with fall in operating margin 

 Rating s ensitivity factors 

 Upward factors : 

 Sustained revenue growth and operating margin improving above 5%, leading to higher cash accrual 

 C ompletion of the on-going capex 

 Improvement in the financial risk profile particularly debt protection metrics . 

   Downward factors : 

 Operating profitability remaining below 3% leading to lower net cash accrual 

 Significant delays in   completion and ramp up of revenue from the enhanced capacities 

 Large debt-funded capital expenditure or increase in working capital requirement weakening the capital structure 

 About the Company 

 The company is engaged in manufacturing of active pharmaceutical ingredients (API) such as paracetamol and has manufacturing facility located in Tarapur- Maharashtra). Currently, the operations are being managed by Mr. Santosh Vora (Son of Mr. Shantilal Vora ) who is the director in the company. The company has also formed subsidiary Valiant Sciences Pvt Limited. The company is listed on NSE and BSE 

 Key Financial Indicators 

 As on / for the period ended March 31 

 Unit 

 2024 

 2023 

 Operating income 

 Rs crore 

 192.19 

 333.91 

 Reported profit after tax 

 Rs crore 

 0.32 

 29.00 

 PAT margins 

 % 

 0.17 

 8.68 

 Adjusted Debt/Adjusted Net worth 

 Times 

 0.32 

 0.59 

 Interest coverage 

 Times 

 16.37 

 138.22 

 Any other information : Not A pplicable 

 Note on complexity levels of the rated instrument: 

Crisil Ratings` complexity levels are assigned to various types of financial instruments and are included (where applicable) in the 'Annexure - Details of Instrument' in this Rating Rationale.

Crisil Ratings will disclose complexity level for all securities - including those that are yet to be placed - based on available information. The complexity level for instruments may be updated, where required, in the rating rationale published subsequent to the issuance of the instrument when details on such features are available.

For more details on the Crisil Ratings` complexity levels please visit www.crisilratings.com . Users may also call the Customer Service Helpdesk with queries on specific instruments.

 Annexure - Details of Instrument(s)

 ISIN 
 Name Of Instrument 
 Date Of Allotment 
 Coupon Rate (%) 
 Maturity Date 
 Issue Size (Rs. Crore) 
 Complexity Levels 
 Rating Outstanding with Outlook 

 NA 
 Working Capital Facility 
 NA 
 NA 
 NA 
 50.00 
 NA 
 Crisil BBB/Negative 

 Annexure – List of entities consolidated 

 Names of Entities Consolidated 

 Extent of Consolidation 

 Rationale for Consolidation 

 Valiant   Advanced   Sciences Pvt Limited 

 Full 

 Subsidiary 

 Valiant Laboratories Limited 

 Full 

 Parent company 

 Annexure - Rating History for last 3 Years 

 Current 
 2025 (History) 
 2024  
 2023  
 2022  
 Start of 2022 

 Instrument 
 Type 
 Outstanding Amount 
 Rating 
 Date 
 Rating 
 Date 
 Rating 
 Date 
 Rating 
 Date 
 Rating 
 Rating 

 Fund Based Facilities 
 LT 
 50.0 
 Crisil BBB/Negative 

 -- 
 22-08-24 
 Crisil BBB+/Negative 
 08-12-23 
 Crisil A-/Stable 
 09-09-22 
 Crisil A-/Stable 
 -- 

 -- 

 -- 
 20-02-24 
 Crisil A-/Negative 
 23-11-23 
 Crisil A-/Stable 

 -- 
 -- 

 Non-Fund Based Facilities 
 ST 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 
 23-11-23 
 Crisil A2+ 
 09-09-22 
 Crisil A2+ 
 -- 

 All amounts are in Rs.Cr. 

 Annexure - Details of Bank Lenders & Facilities 

 Facility 
 Amount (Rs.Crore) 
 Name of Lender 
 Rating 

 Working Capital Facility 
 50 
 Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited 
 Crisil BBB/Negative 

 Criteria Details 

 Links to related criteria 

 Basics of Ratings (including default recognition, assessing information adequacy) 
 Criteria for manufacturing, trading and corporate services sector (including approach for financial ratios) 
 Criteria for consolidation 

 Media Relations 
 Analytical Contacts 
 Customer Service Helpdesk 

 Ramkumar Uppara 
Media Relations
 Crisil Limited 
M: +91 98201 77907
B: +91 22 6137 3000
 ramkumar.uppara@crisil.com 
 Sanjay Lawrence 
Media Relations
 Crisil Limited 
M: +91 89833 21061
B: +91 22 6137 3000
 sanjay.lawrence@crisil.com 

 Himank Sharma 
 Director 
 Crisil Ratings Limited 
B: +91 124 672 2000 
 himank.sharma@crisil.com 

 Rushabh Pramod Borkar 
 Associate Director 
 Crisil Ratings Limited 
B: +91 22 6137 3000 
 rushabh.borkar@crisil.com 

 Sachin Bhikaji Bandagale 
 Manager 
 Crisil Ratings Limited 
B: +91 22 6137 3000 
 Sachin.Bandagale@crisil.com Timings: 10.00 am to 7.00 pm
Toll free Number:1800 267 1301

For a copy of Rationales / Rating Reports:
 CRISILratingdesk@crisil.com 

For Analytical queries:
 ratingsinvestordesk@crisil.com 

 Note for Media:

This rating rationale is transmitted to you for the sole purpose of dissemination through your newspaper/magazine/agency. The rating rationale may be used by you in full or in part without changing the meaning or context thereof but with due credit to Crisil Ratings. However, Crisil Ratings alone has the sole right of distribution (whether directly or indirectly) of its rationales for consideration or otherwise through any media including websites and portals.

 About Crisil Ratings Limited (A subsidiary of Crisil Limited, an S&P Global Company) 

 Crisil Ratings pioneered the concept of credit rating in India in 1987. With a tradition of independence, analytical rigour and innovation, we set the standards in the credit rating business. We rate the entire range of debt instruments, such as bank loans, certificates of deposit, commercial paper, non-convertible/convertible/partially convertible bonds and debentures, perpetual bonds, bank hybrid capital instruments, asset-backed and mortgage-backed securities, partial guarantees and other structured debt instruments. We have rated over 33,000 large and mid-scale corporates and financial institutions. We have also instituted several innovations in India in the rating business, including ratings for municipal bonds, partially guaranteed instruments and infrastructure investment trusts (InvITs). 

 Crisil Ratings Limited ('Crisil Ratings') is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Crisil Limited ('Crisil'). Crisil Ratings Limited is registered in India as a credit rating agency with the Securities and Exchange Board of India ("SEBI"). 

 For more information, visit  www.crisilratings.com   

 About Crisil Limited 

 Crisil is a leading, agile and innovative global analytics company driven by its mission of making markets function better.  

 It i s India’s foremost provider of ratings, data, research, analytics and solutions with a strong track record of growth, culture of innovation, and global footprint. 

 It has delivered independent opinions, actionable insights, and efficient solutions to over 100,000 customers through businesses that operate from India, the US, the UK, Argentina, Poland, China, Hong Kong and Singapore. 

 It is majority owned by S&P Global Inc, a leading provider of transparent and independent ratings, benchmarks, analytics and data to the capital and commodity markets worldwide. 

 For more information, visit   www.crisil.com 

 Connect with us: TWITTER | LINKEDIN | YOUTUBE | FACEBOOK 

 CRISIL PRIVACY NOTICE

Crisil respects your privacy. We may use your contact information, such as your name, address and email id to fulfil your request and service your account and to provide you with additional information from Crisil. For further information on Crisil's privacy policy please visit www.crisil.com . 

 DISCLAIMER 

 This disclaimer is part of and applies to each credit rating report and/or credit rating rationale ('report') provided by Crisil Ratings Limited ('Crisil Ratings'). For the avoidance of doubt, the term 'report' includes the information, ratings and other content forming part of the report. The report is intended for use only within the jurisdiction of India. This report does not constitute an offer of services. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, nothing in the report is to be construed as Crisil Ratings provision or intention to provide any services in jurisdictions where Crisil Ratings does not have the necessary licenses and/or registration to carry out its business activities. Access or use of this report does not create a client relationship between Crisil Ratings and the user. 

 The report is a statement of opinion as on the date it is expressed, and it is not intended to and does not constitute investment advice within meaning of any laws or regulations (including US laws and regulations). The report is not an offer to sell or an offer to purchase or subscribe to any investment in any securities, instruments, facilities or solicitation of any kind to enter into any deal or transaction with the entity to which the report pertains. The recipients of the report should rely on their own judgment and take their own professional advice before acting on the report in any way. 

 Crisil Ratings and its associates do not act as a fiduciary. The report is based on the information believed to be reliable as of the date it is published, Crisil Ratings does not perform an audit or undertake due diligence or independent verification of any information it receives and/or relies on for preparation of the report. THE REPORT IS PROVIDED ON “AS IS” BASIS. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAWS, CRISIL RATINGS DISCLAIMS WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR OTHER WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, ERROR-FREE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, NON-INTERRUPTION, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR INTENDED USAGE. In no event shall Crisil Ratings, its associates, third-party providers, as well as their directors, officers, shareholders, employees or agents be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental, exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees or losses (including, without limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs) in connection with any use of any part of the report even if advised of the possibility of such damages. 

 The report is confidential information of Crisil Ratings and Crisil Ratings reserves all rights, titles and interest in the rating report. The report shall not be altered, disseminated, distributed, redistributed, licensed, sub-licensed, sold, assigned or published any content thereof or offer access to any third party without prior written consent of Crisil Ratings. 

 Crisil Ratings or its associates may have other commercial transactions with the entity to which the report pertains or its associates. Ratings are subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by Crisil Ratings. Crisil Ratings may receive compensation for its ratings and certain credit-related analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of the instruments, facilities, securities or from obligors. 

 Crisil Ratings has in place a ratings code of conduct and policies for managing conflict of interest. For more detail, please refer to: https://www.crisil.com/en/home/our-businesses/ratings/regulatory-disclosures/highlighted-policies.html . Public ratings and analysis by Crisil Ratings, as are required to be disclosed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India regulations (and other applicable regulations, if any), are made available on its websites, www.crisilratings.com and https://www.ratingsanalytica.com (free of charge). Crisil Ratings shall not have the obligation to update the information in the Crisil Ratings report following its publication although Crisil Ratings may disseminate its opinion and/or analysis. Reports with more detail and additional information may be available for subscription at a fee.  Rating criteria by Crisil Ratings are available on the Crisil Ratings website, www.crisilratings.com . For the latest rating information on any company rated by Crisil Ratings, you may contact the Crisil Ratings desk at crisilratingdesk@crisil.com, or at (0091) 1800 267 1301. 

 Crisil Ratings uses the prefix 'PP-MLD' for the ratings of principal-protected market-linked debentures (PPMLD) with effect from November 1, 2011, to comply with the SEBI circular, "Guidelines for Issue and Listing of Structured Products/Market Linked Debentures". The revision in rating symbols for PPMLDs should not be construed as a change in the rating of the subject instrument. For details on Crisil Ratings' use of 'PP-MLD' please refer to the notes to Rating scale for Debt Instruments and Structured Finance Instruments at the following link:  https://www.crisilratings.com/en/home/our-business/ratings/credit-ratings-scale.html