
===== PDF PAGE 1 =====
 
 
May 21, 2026 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Listing Compliance Department 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Symbol: GALAXYSURF 
BSE Limited, 
Listing Department, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400001 
 
Scrip Code: 540935 
 
Subject: Transcript of concall Q4 of FY 2025-26 
 
Ref.: Regulation 46(2)(oa ) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements), Regulations, 2015. 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to the relevant provisions of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015, 
we are enclosing transcript of Earnings Conference Call for Q4 of FY 202 5-26. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
 
 
Niranjan Ketkar 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: as above 
===== PDF PAGE 2 =====
Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
May 15, 2026 
 
1  
 
 
 
“Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
Q4 and FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 15, 2026 
 
 
 
 
“E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 15th May 2026 will prevail.” 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. K. NATARAJAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
 MR. VAIJANATH KULKARNI – ED & COO 
 MR. ABHIJIT DAMLE- CFO  
 
 
 

===== PDF PAGE 3 =====
Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
May 15, 2026 
 
2  
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Galaxy Surfactants Limited Q4 and FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward -looking statements about 
the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on 
the date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve 
risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
 As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing st ar then zero on your touch -
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. K. Natarajan, Managing Director of Galaxy Surfactants 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
K. Natarajan: Thank you. A very good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today for our 
fourth quarter and full year FY '26 Earnings Call. Before delving into our performance on the 
business front and regional updates, it is important for me to set the broader context. The 
operating environment in the year and particularly the last leg of the final quarter, that is Q4 of 
the last financial year was shaped by a series of external disruptions that impacted global supply 
chains, trade flows and customers ordering behavior. 
 West Asia war introduced a prolonged period of uncertainty across global supply chains, trade 
routes and energy markets. What was initially perceived as a short-term disruption extended well 
into and beyond quarter 4 with visible second order impacts on logistics, feedstock availability, 
pricing volatility and customer ordering behavior, particularly across our export markets. 
 Disruptions and rerouting of sea freight resulted in delays in inbound raw material as well as 
outbound export shipments for our Egypt facility. Port congestion and vessel availability 
constraints led to extended transit times adversely impacting our dispatches. 
 Over recent weeks, the logistics situation has gradually begun to stabilize with shipments being 
directed through alternate ports. While congestion at ports has reduced, transit times remain 
elongated, and our team continues to actively manage the situation through tighter planning and 
close coordination with our customers and vendor partners. 
 On the supply chain front, due to the impact of the geopolitical situation, price of feedstocks has 
increased significantly. The sharp and simultaneous escalation across input raw materials created 
a highly challenging operating environment, exerting a nee d for repricing at major customer 
levels impacting overall Q4 volumes. 
 Coming to our regional performance and key highlights. India remained relatively resilient, 
supported by steady demand across Tier 1 and non -Tier 1 accounts. India volumes grew 8% 
year-on-year, driven by a 3% growth in performance and more than 2 7% growth in specialty 
volumes. 
===== PDF PAGE 4 =====
Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
May 15, 2026 
 
3  
 On a year -to-date basis, despite reformulation pressures from the key Tier 1 customers that 
impacted Performance segment, strong growth in non -Tier 1 and direct -to-consumer accounts 
fully offset these volume losses. 
 In Specialty, we are pleased to report a 27% growth on an annual basis, delivering consistent 
progress in line with our Strategy 2030. In contrast, the AMET region remains challenging for 
reasons outlined earlier with volumes declining 15% year-on-year in Q4. 
 This weakness was concentrated in the later part of the quarter and was largely driven by logistic 
disruptions, raw material availability constraints, customer repricing pressures and more 
cautious procurement behavior amidst heightened political -- geopolitical uncertainty. 
 The rest of the world region witnessed mixed trends with volumes declining 7% year-on-year in 
Q4 while delivering a 4% growth on a full year basis. The Q4 volume shortfall was partly 
influenced by delays in export shipments to Europe and LatAm driven by sudden spike in freight 
rates and cautious buying behavior at the customer end. 
 In contrast, the Americas emerged as a relative bright spot during the quarter, following 
improved clarity and partial reversals. On tariff -related developments, demand momentum 
strengthened sequentially with volumes improving over Q3. Importantly, our specialty pipeline 
in the U.S. has been reinitiated post tariff reversals, and we are seeing encouraging traction and 
strong growth potential in premium specialty products. 
 Coming to financial performance for the quarter. For Q4 FY '26, EBITDA stood at INR122 
crores compared to INR135 crores in the earlier year quarter 4 with EBITDA per metric ton for 
Q4 FY '26 at INR20,114 per metric ton versus INR21,715 per metric ton in Q4 FY '25. 
 This performance was largely driven by effective pass -through of raw material prices, freight 
cost increase to customers, improved mix in specialty segment in Q4, post reduction of reciprocal 
tariffs in U.S., consistent better performance of our TRI-K business in the U.S. that is a premium 
specialty segment and disciplined cost control measures at various operation areas and at our 
subsidiaries. 
 Moving to an update on innovation. In this quarter, we further advanced our innovation agenda 
with the launch of Galsoft Lumithic in in cosmetics Paris, a next -generation mild surfactant 
which is self-thickening, amino acid-based surfactant that simplifies formulation by seamlessly 
combining gentleness, clarity, foam and process efficiency into a single system. 
 It delivers skin cleansing with a low -pH compatibility and is highly suited for sensitive 
applications such as baby care, feminine hygiene care, scalp care and anti-acne solutions. 
 To conclude, while recent supply chain disruptions have created near-term challenges, they also 
present an opportunity for us to remain agile and sharpen our focus on timely price pass-throughs 
to our customers. 
  
===== PDF PAGE 5 =====
Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
May 15, 2026 
 
4  
 We continue to remain confident in the strength of our business underpinned by resilient 
customer relationships, a diversified geographic footprint, a strong India franchise and a 
disciplined operating approach.  Barring any new unforeseen events, we are confident that 
performance in the coming quarters will improve sequentially. 
 Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your continued trust and support. I now open the floor for 
questions. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Aditya Khetan from SMIFS Institutional Equity. 
Aditya Khetan: I have couple of questions. Sir, first question is on the specialty side. Sir, you mentioned in your 
presentation that so tariff reversals we all know and renewed traction in the special ty products 
has led to improvement in your specialty side. But sir, when we look at the numbers on quarter-
on-quarter basis, it is flat only some INR493 crores top line last quarter, this quarter, INR498 
crores. 
 Also, sir, you mentioned into your Indian business also some strong traction is led by Specialty 
Care products. I believe India is the specialty mix in India is relatively smaller only. So what 
was the mix earlier? How much mix has changed in India? And why this improvement in your 
Americas business has not led to specialty growth quarter-on-quarter? 
K. Natarajan: Yes. First of all, quarter-on-quarter, , it's essentially due to the mix of the specialty portfolio in 
that quarter -- in quarter 4 in U.S. So that's one of the reasons, ? So it's what products that we 
started moving out post the tariff reversal.  So it's only the mix impact. 
 But as you see moving forward, things will start looking better because sequentially, that's what 
explains as to why it doesn't reflect -- the volume growth doesn't reflect in terms of the 
contribution growth. 
 With regard to your next question on India. India, as you said, it's because, as I said in my 
opening remarks, in terms of the way that we have been able to grow with the D2C franchise, 
direct-to-consumer brands franchise, where you have a good amount of specialty ingredients that 
go in. 
 So although the base in India is small of special ingredients. But then there is a significant 
momentum that we see that is gathering in terms of the direct -to-consumer brands increasing 
their presence significantly. 
Aditya Khetan: Got it. Sir, slightly longer-term question on to the specialty sir, when we look the numbers over 
the last few years and quarters, it looks around so 35% to 40% range. Over the longer term, sir, 
how you see like this mix to improve by 2030? What could be the mix? 
 And secondly, last quarter also, you mentioned like some customers in U.S. ha ve highlighted 
some demand-related problems. Offsetting that impact and considering the current ramp -up in 
specialty, how things will look over the longer term? 
===== PDF PAGE 6 =====
Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
May 15, 2026 
 
5  
 
K. Natarajan: See over the longer term, see as our strategy is to grow both the segments of Performance 
Surfactants and Specialty Ingredients because we are very clear that skewing towards either of 
this swing only towards specialty ingredients is not going to be making us very relevant for our 
customers because they want -- they expect that we are able to serve them with the basket of all 
the ingredients for the HPC segment. 
 But with the way that we are growing our Specialty Ingredients portfolio, I would probably say 
it will keep swing ing between 65%-35%, 60%-40%, 70%-30%, depending on how both these 
legs start performing. So even by 2031, I do not see it's going, say, probably in the zone of 60%-
40%, 65%-35%. That's what I look at it. 
Aditya Khetan: . Got it. Sir, my third question is on to the raw material prices, fatty alcohol. Sir, last quarter, we 
had seen a dip of 8%. And again, sir, this quarter, prices have jumped -- so what is the strategy? 
 Like -- sir, you have also mentioned in your last quarter that with rising raw material prices, 
definitely, so there could be a demand destruction, which would happen. And it would be also 
difficult for us to pass on the prices. 
 What is the outlook, sir, going forward? And how much we can pass on with the rising raw 
material prices? And how much the down trading can even happen now further like which you 
have seen in the last quarters that could continue going ahead? 
K. Natarajan: Yes. The first correction is I never said that it will be difficult to pass on increased prices. I only 
said that you can't pass on prices every week that it increases because customers expect that you 
have some price stability. So I will have a lag effect. So that can have an implication because if 
the price increases today, I pass it on after 1 month, that will be a lag effect. 
 But saying that, I think there is a very clear way that our relationship with customers ensures 
that they understand, , when we go for a price increase that there is a clear rationale and 
transparency. 
 So that's not an issue, but you can't go to them every week. So having clarified that, today, if you 
see, you have raw materials across like today, petchem feedstocks also have gone up 
significantly. Forget about going up, even availability is a challenge. So the question here today 
is not about whether oleochemical has gone up because that was the fact till, say, last quarter. 
 Now everything has gone up significantly. In fact, petrochemical prices -- base feedstocks have 
gone up much more than the oleochemical feedstock prices. So that's the situation today. But the 
current challenge is in terms of how well we are able to manage  the supply side in terms of 
ensuring that we have uninterrupted production. Because as of now, we see that demand is 
healthy. 
 And it's important that we manage supply side very, very judiciously and in a very agile manner,  
  
===== PDF PAGE 7 =====
Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
May 15, 2026 
 
6  
 which my team is doing a fantastic job. And I'm sure that, that's going to aid us in terms of the 
way that we report performance in the coming months. 
Aditya Khetan: Okay. Sir, just one last question. Sir, how much competitive we would be versus LABSA into 
the crude chain, the current prices of LABSA versus the oleochemicals prices of $2,800 fatty 
alcohols. Like, I just want to know how much difference today could be there. And what are the 
reasons why consumer could shift to the other chain?  Second question, sir, considering the 
current RM prices, $2,800 per tonne, what could be the volume growth? Is there any change into 
the volume growth guidance for '27, '28? 
K. Natarajan: Forget about prices, they have gone up significantly. They have more than doubled. And the 
issue is in terms of availability. Whereas your oleochemical prices also have gone up, but not to 
the same extent. So yes, so now when our customers are looking at, I think their requirement is 
how do they keep their formulations available on the shelves. 
 So they are doing various ways to ensure that they are able to have their products, finding a space 
on the shelf. They don't lose on any production. So essentially, we need to ensure that we are 
able to serve them well. As regards the -- you talked about your alcohol prices. Can you repeat 
that question? 
Aditya Khetan: Sir, fatty alcohol -- so considering the current prices of fatty alcohol, what could be the volume 
growth we are looking? 
K. Natarajan: Yes. So what we are seeing is that I don't want to be talking anything specifically moving into 
the year because it is too premature to be talking about that. But one thing that I am able to see 
very clearly is that if I look only at, say, Q1, because there's no way that I can look beyond that. 
But Q1, we are looking that you'll be able to -- we'll be delivering close to the higher end of the 
volume guidance range of 6% to 8%. And EBITDA as well at the higher end of the range of 
INR19,000 to INR21,000 metric tonne. 
Aditya Khetan: Sir, this guidance is for Q1 or like for full fiscal, you mentioned for Q1, right? 
K. Natarajan: Yes, Q1, but then I would like this to continue -- if the current scenario continues the way it is, 
that's my rider. If nothing -- it may not improve, but it's not worsen. If this is the situation what 
we have in Q1 continues, I think we'll also be able to  deliver that for the full year. But we all 
know that the current situation doesn't give us the luxury of looking beyond 1 quarter. So I would 
suggest that probably we'll have a better clarity in the next call when we discuss on Q1 results. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from 360 ONE Capital. 
Rohit Nagraj: Sir, first question is in terms of the Egypt facility. So currently, how is the situation out there, 
both in terms of availability of raw material, logistics? And even on the customer side in terms 
of the demand, which is in Egypt and around Egypt? 
K. Natarajan: Yes. So first is, I think one thing that I can clarify --  is that as far as the Africa, Middle East, 
Turkey market is concerned, we do not see demand as a challenge, if you see even last quarter. 
===== PDF PAGE 8 =====
Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
May 15, 2026 
 
7  
 But the thing that impacted our Africa, Middle East Turkey business and more so our Galaxy 
Chemicals Egypt business was, I think the entire March was disrupted because all the materials 
that were to be coming in, got stuck at various transhipment points. And the team was essentially 
working aggressively to look at how we are able to get those materials released and reach to our 
factory. 
 It started bearing results, all the efforts only from the first week of April. So I think, say, post 
middle -- middle of April, I think the Egypt operations have got restored to a significantly 
superior level. And they have started catering to all the pend ing orders that were that they 
couldn't serve in the month of March. So that's the situation today. 
 The issue is not about demand side, I think more on the availability of raw materials to take care 
of supplies. That impacted March. but then into April, things started improving, and we expect 
that May and June should be significantly superior where we are able to run our operations 
uninterrupted. 
Rohit Nagraj: Sure. Sir, second question is you just spoke about Q1 guidance in terms of volume growth. Now 
is it because that the supplies are constrained and we have the material to supply to the customers. 
That's the reason we are confident that 6% to 8% volume growt h is possible, given that still in 
most of the geographies, there are challenges in terms of -- some challenges in terms of demand 
and some challenges in terms of availability. So the volume guidance is predominantly based on 
the supply constraints and availability at our end. Is that the right way to look at it? 
K. Natarajan: No, that's not the only reason or the major reason. If you look at it, in our volume growth 
guidance, I've always been saying that India should come back to its robust growth of 8% to 
10%. If you see that happened in the last -- in quarter 4. So that momen tum is continuing, and 
that growth happened because the GST rationalization started showing results in last quarter. 
 And you see all of our customers also have spoken about 4% to 6% growth.  And in line with 
that, we have also reported 8% growth. So we expect that also to continue because we don't see 
any demand challenge at least in Q1 as far as India market is concerned. 
 Second, we also see our -- in Americas, we had the implication on -- because of the tariff in 
terms of our business, I think that has got resolved and then we have started reviving business 
with our customers. That also will aid. And more importantly, I th ink you will have AMET, 
Africa, Middle East, Turkey through the sort of degrowth that was happening in terms of on the 
supply side, significant -- due to the supply side factors, that also will certainly improve 
significantly in Q1. 
Rohit Nagraj: Got that. Sir, just one clarification. Did we recognize any project income during this quarter? 
And if so, what was the quantum? 
K. Natarajan: No, we did recognize, but nothing significant. That's the reason why we are not reporting that 
separately. But yes, the project is progressing well. And we do -- based on completion level, we 
recognize, but that's not something significant or material as you might call it. 
===== PDF PAGE 9 =====
Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
May 15, 2026 
 
8  
Moderator: We will take our next question from the line of Sanjesh Jain from ICICI Securities. 
Sanjesh Jain: Sir, a couple of questions. First, on the U.S. market in the previous call, you sounded quite bullish 
post the tariff deal announced. Where are we now? Has this Middle East situation impacted the 
demand, the supplies which we were planning? Any change in the outlook on the U.S. side? 
K. Natarajan: See, first of all, the demand side, which has started getting -- we started recouping post the tariff 
thing getting taken care, I think that is exact. The supply started very well, from Jan, Feb. I think 
we had a temporary impact in March because of the suddenness with which the West Asia crisis 
happened. It took us almost 2 to 3 weeks in March to be able to resolve that. 
 And I think things have resumed after that. So this West Asia crisis, as of now, there is no impact 
we are seeing on the demand side. And the supply side implication was for a brief period in 
March, which has gotten taken care of. 
Sanjesh Jain: So from next quarter onwards, is it fair to assume that the U.S. business, which we were planning, 
the acceleration, that should show up some result because RoW, we have declined in this quarter. 
So which geography apart from U.S. has hurt us in RoW? 
K. Natarajan: See, the last quarter decline in RoW was because, as I said, we had a good amount of dispatches. 
We had orders, but we couldn't dispatch into Latin America, into Europe. Because of the sudden 
increase in freight rates, we also had to be talking to and negotiating with customers for repricing 
because the rates have gone up so significantly that there's no way that you could have dispatched 
the material. So that took a good portion of March. So they're all -- the backlog is getting cleared. 
 The other thing is in terms of our -- the America business reflecting, in terms of results in the 
coming quarters, I do see that will start happening. 
Sanjesh Jain: So when we say Q1 guidance in the volume, this all should help us to grow much faster than the 
normal level, right? 
K. Natarajan: No, no what I'm... 
Sanjesh Jain: I was just looking at the trajectory, till Q3, our RoW was growing at double digit? 
K. Natarajan: Correct. 
Sanjesh Jain: Suddenly, in Q4, we saw a decline of high single digit. Now if we assign that entire double digit 
to a decline, say, 15%, 20% of volumes , which happened because of the logistical issue, 
repricing, renegotiation and all, that will get recouped in Q1, right? So in Q1, ideally, assuming 
all other things remaining same and we are able to fulfill the demand, which we delayed in the 
Q4, Q1 on our RoW should look at significantly better. 
K. Natarajan: Yes, you're right. But then when I'm giving you the guidance, I'm also looking at certain 
situations that I may build because I don't want to be guiding inappropriately. That's why I say  
  
===== PDF PAGE 10 =====
Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
May 15, 2026 
 
9  
 it will be at the higher end of the 6% to 8%. Because I still have 45 days. So we want things to 
continue. So you're right. It should reflect, but I don't want to be guiding in beyond that 6% to 
8%. Yes. So I'd be very happy if I'm able to breach that in a positive way. 
Sanjesh Jain: Very clearly. But are you seeing any other headwind that you're not able to procure? 
K. Natarajan: Not as of today,  So for example, if this West Asia crisis worsens, see the Strait of Hormuz 
blockade, what happened, the freight industry has adjusted to that. We have adjusted the elevated 
lead times. We were replanning customers have all planned. If anything new comes u p, which 
is going to further aggravate the situation, that's the only thing that is going to be impacting.  I 
don't see anything else coming and impacting the momentum. 
Sanjesh Jain: Because I see 2 big raw materials, which may have got impacted. One is sulfur and ethylene 
oxide. And these are the 2 very big raw material for us, right? 
K. Natarajan: Yes. 
Sanjesh Jain: And a lot of sulfur in India at least was coming from the Middle East. And ethylene oxide, we 
had only one supplier and ethylene is a gas based. We know what's happening on that side. How 
should we think of raw material in India? Again, Southeast Asia will  have the same problem 
because most of the Southeast Asia sulfur used to come from the Middle East.  How is this 
situation playing out or there is absolutely no issue in terms of the availability of raw material 
for us? 
K. Natarajan: See first of all, on both on ethylene oxide and sulfur, there are -- it is not a comfortable situation 
if you ask me that you can sleep every day presuming that things will be on a steady state. So 
it's all about managing the situation on a daily basis. But we are not seeing any great worries or 
concern in terms of the supply side not being supportive, the way that our -- my team is able to 
manage, both on ethylene oxide and on sulfur. 
 The prices have gone up significantly. That's anyhow given. But the supply side has to be 
managed well. And with the sort of huge vendor partnerships that we have, I think we are 
managing it well. 
Sanjesh Jain: That's very clear. One on the AMET side. The decline in teens, right? I know we were already 
struggling in the AMET because of the currency and all. Now what's further hurting us, because 
we were at 90,000 metric tonnes per annum at one point of time in AMET? We have already 
reached 60,000 and now we are declining by another teens. What's really happening in AMET? 
And how should we think AMET as a region for us? 
K. Natarajan:  So this we had -- see, if you are saying that 90,000 to 60,000 we had talked about, it should be 
a question of local players backward integrated taking the market share. And all the global 
customers who are our customers -- who are the key source of our bu siness have lost market 
shares. So that we explained. 
  
===== PDF PAGE 11 =====
Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
May 15, 2026 
 
10  
 Now in fact, if you see last quarter, but for the March episode because my Egypt plant couldn't 
produce and dispatch, they were actually idle for most part of the month in March because raw 
materials didn't reach, even what was there, they couldn't ship ou t material, which impacted, as 
I said even earlier, the numbers for the month of March, and that significantly impacted. 
 So you're talking about degrowth that happened 15%, majorly was supply -led, very clearly, 
which should start getting taken care from the Q1 of this year.  There is nothing new that is 
happening in terms of the volumes. I don't have a tailwind to take it to 90,000, but there's nothing 
that is going to not allow me to grow at a reasonable rate from this base of 60,000. 
Sanjesh Jain: If you look at just Jan-Feb, ignoring March, what could have been the growth rate in the AMET? 
K. Natarajan: We could have probably been say, 2%, 3%. 
Sanjesh Jain: We're still not growing materially in AMET. That still remains a geography which is 
underperforming, correct? 
K. Natarajan: Correct. Correct. 
Sanjesh Jain: That's -- got it. One on the Middle East. We have a decent exposure on the Middle East, Saudi, 
UAE and all. We were already a supplier from AMET market -- AMET plant, which is our Egypt 
plant. How should we think about those volumes? Because if I remember it, we were in probably 
single-digit contribution from this geography. 
 Have the supplies resumed there? Or how should we think about performance in that market? 
Or when the war gets over, you will see a very big demand from the restocking. And this year, 
actually, we can end with, say, upwards of 10% kind of a volume growth? 
K. Natarajan: Yes. So if the war -- AMET can have -- yes, there can be restocking that will happen. But right 
now, what is happening is that people have started exploring land routes now for managing 
supply chain. The Strait of Hormuz getting blocked is critical for the managing the supply chain 
in that part of the world. And I think we have also found out land routes, different sea routes, to 
be able to manage the situation. 
 But yes, you're right. If the war gets resolved, certainly, there will be restocking. But the 
restocking, but what is important, Sanjesh, is also with the way that the economies have got 
impacted in terms of damage to their key facilities, how is the deman d going to be intact? I do 
not know. But if the demand is not impacted, you're right.  The restocking will happen, which 
can lead to a spike in demand for us. 
Sanjesh Jain: Got it. And second, you talked about your EBITDA per kg in the range of INR19 to INR21 
emphasizing that upper end will be what we are aspiring or probable. This quarter, we did what, 
INR20 a kg. Now what will drive this INR20 to INR21? Is it purely operating leverage now that 
we are looking at higher volume  or you still think there is a scope for some gross profit per kg 
improvement as well? 
 
===== PDF PAGE 12 =====
Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
May 15, 2026 
 
11  
K. Natarajan: No. One is, I think it will be driven by -- one is because the volume growth is there's operating 
leverage, but that's not the only reason. The second also is the mix also impact because you will 
have specialties in Americas that are picking up. And also in Europe, we are seeing some green 
shoots in terms of sort of projects in pipeline maturing. So that will contribute. 
Sanjesh Jain: Got it. One last question from my end. We were looking an alternative product taking some 
market share in Indian market. With this new scenario, have we seen that thing reversing, 
stabilizing and we were also looking to produce that product. Where are we in that entire... 
K. Natarajan: So we are already producing and selling that product... 
Sanjesh Jain: You're already doing it? 
K. Natarajan: Yes, we're already doing it. Yes, obviously, the supply side  has been got impacted. Things have 
changed dramatically. So now the whole thing is about how we are able to use this flexibility 
that we have to be able to gain back certain volume share. That's what we'll be doing. 
Sanjesh Jain: So this year, India will be back to 10% kind of a growth. Will that be a fair assumption? 
K. Natarajan: If the end market grows, I think I would not say because I'm still not seeing. If the monsoon 
doesn't impact demand, if the current energy prices doesn't impact demand because it's going to 
be inflationary. Subject to all this not being there, I see that, that's what I said about 8% to 10% 
should be possible. 
 But we do not know. We're keeping our fingers crossed.  Because the demand can get impacted 
significantly if you have all the energy prices going up now and discretionary spending gets 
impacted. That's the only concern. 
Moderator: We will take our next question from the line of Arun Prasath from Avendus Spark. 
Arun Prasath: First, during this quarter in India, at least, what kind of volumes do you think probably would 
have come because of the, let's say, panic buying or inventory building? And do you see that 
risk of reversing out say, can settle and we may have a couple of quarters of destocking an impact 
on our volume growth? 
K. Natarajan: No, I don't think there was any -- I don't think there was a panic buying because I also told you 
that the feedstock prices went up significantly. So if you look at freight rates, incoming freight 
rates went up. So we are also negotiating with customers for repricing. 
 You're talking about sulfur prices going up every day, you're talking about ethylene oxide prices 
going up every week. So that also was an issue. So I would not say -- there was no panic buying. 
I think the -- probably the buyers were looking at how do they ensure that they have security of 
supply. And obviously, as they reached out to us. 
 But it's not that -- because even it's not that if someone wants a panic buying, we had enough 
and more availability because even our supply chain gets impacted in terms of the incoming. So 
I would not say panic buying. So I do not see a reason as to why there will be a reversal. But 
===== PDF PAGE 13 =====
Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
May 15, 2026 
 
12  
yes, what can be an issue is based on my customers because these are high season months, Jan 
to August, September are high season months. 
 Our customers prepare for this high season in terms of ramping up their production.  The only 
thing that can spoil this growth momentum is if the demand situation gets corrected because of 
the inflationary situation, then our customers will start cutting back on their production because 
they need to reduce their inventory levels. 
 So that's the only thing that I see, but there cannot be any issue in terms of the panic buying, 
getting reversed and then there being an impact on the volume growth in quarter 1. 
Arun Prasath: And Natarajan ji, one more risk is the grammage cut indirectly that could also be putting pressure 
on our volume growth because beyond Q1, maybe the grammage cut will also play out at least 
in India? 
K. Natarajan: They have all reduced prices. I've seen that they are increasing prices. So all of them have started 
increasing prices. So if they -- but see grammage reduction typically, yes, it can happen when 
there's one way of passing on a price increase by grammage, but yes, so that we'll have to wait 
and watch. But as of now, we're not seeing -- that's why I'm saying that I'm looking -- I'm able 
to clearly know about quarter 1.  Beyond that, I think probably the next call will give us more 
clarity. 
Arun Prasath: Understood, sir. And a bit on what we have done in the last 3 years, just a very -- if I zoom out 
and look at it, we have done capex in last 3 years of roughly INR480 crores. Do you think some 
of -- I mean, are you seeing some of these facilities, which is commissioned in this INR480 
crores of capex, you can give broadly the breakup between some projects and if any of the idle 
capacities we are having and any chance of -- see, in terms of these difficult times, other supply 
is not coming, is t here a possibility we can utilize because we have put capacity ahead of the 
time. Should -- this should be an easier time for us to monetize these capacities? 
K. Natarajan: Yes. So if there is an opportunity, we are well prepared to encash the opportunity. The 
investments that we have done, obviously, we are very clear that we need to have -- and most of 
it was in the Specialty Ingredients segment. And I also said that the ta riff situation in U.S. had 
created some issues in terms of the pipeline getting built and the pipeline getting converted. 
 We also had the issue in Europe where the inflation had created a lot of significant headwind in 
terms of conversion. But those things are -- we are seeing that they are getting taken care of. 
First is in terms of the way that we have been able to build the pipeline and convert them in terms 
of our efforts. And this -- in the current situation, if there are supply side challenges, which 
presents an opportunity, you're right, we are well equipped to encash that opportunity. 
Arun Prasath: And sir, this entire INR480 crores of capex is already kind of reflecting in our volumes and P&L 
in terms of the extent of monetization. 
K. Natarajan: We started commissioned a major portion of it only in the last 1.5 years. So they will start -- they 
start -- some of it will start this year, and then the momentum would be built upon. 
===== PDF PAGE 14 =====
Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
May 15, 2026 
 
13  
Arun Prasath: Any specific projects or groups you want to call out from this? 
K. Natarajan: I can't call out, but as I told you, it's -- the major portion of the investment was on the Specialty 
Ingredients segment. 
Arun Prasath: Understood. And sir, on this EPC revenue, what are the milestones post which we'll be booking 
the revenues and in our P&L? Have you reached those milestones? 
K. Natarajan: No, no. So we have started booking, but those milestones are what is mandated as per the 
international accounting standards. So that's what our team does. So the project is making good 
progress, and we have started recognizing a portion of the revenues bas ed on the milestones as 
mandated by the international accounting standards. 
Arun Prasath: And whole FY '26, what will be the contribution to the revenue from this if you see? 
K. Natarajan: So we -- because we have bound with the condition with the customer, we are not able to reveal, 
but it is enough to say that it's not material in FY '25, '26. 
Arun Prasath: Okay. And this revenue will be recognized over how many years, sir? And bulk of it will be in 
this year or next year? As I say this year plus '27? 
K. Natarajan: Bulk of it will be in this financial year. 
Arun Prasath: Okay. Understood. And finally, one thing. We -- last year, we had a Capital Day event where 
we had specified our 2030 target. What are the initiatives we have already done on -- to achieve 
those targets? Anything in terms of product approvals or in terms of discussion with the.... 
K. Natarajan: We have launched products. If you see, I talked about Lumithic. We have launched the products 
in line with what we had in the 5-year period, what was the Phase 1 in terms of launch, we have 
done that. We started building in production pipeline. 
 We also talked about how we're going to be leveraging on what capacities we already have in 
terms of the specialty ingredients. We also talked about how we're going to be looking at coming 
up with the Leave -on -- the ingredients for the Leave -on formulations. So that's all been done 
well. 
 It's only on the wellness segment that what we had to progress, we haven't made the progress 
that we should have made. So -- but that, again, it's something work in progress. But only thing 
that I'm not too satisfied is what we should have worked on the we llness segment, which is a 
new segment we introduced. Other than that, I think there are -- the work is happening as per 
schedule. So I don't think there's anything different that's happening there. 
Arun Prasath: In terms of revenue and EBITDA or margin, when we should start expecting these things will 
be reflecting in our numbers? 
K. Natarajan: We said so what we talked about, we had talked about in the Analyst Day talking about going to 
about INR25,000 per metric ton, correct? And I also said during the Analyst Day that it will all 
===== PDF PAGE 15 =====
Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
May 15, 2026 
 
14  
be backloaded. So it's not that it's going to be -- it will be a situation where it will start happening 
towards the later portion of the next -- the 5-year period that we have had. So I think it will start 
-- probably you will start seeing this reflecting , say, from -- you'll see some in '26, '27, then a 
good portion in '28, '29 and '29, '30. '27, '28 also will start reflecting. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Akshay Hatiskar from Kanjalochana Finserve. 
Akshay Hatiskar: Sir, can you just tell us like what kind of capex has been occurred? Li ke was it regarding 
maintenance or is there any new facilities was coming up? Can you just shed some light on that? 
K. Natarajan: No, no. So the capex that we do, we do have maintenance capex. But they're not more than 
INR20 crores, INR30 crores per year. The balance, whatever Arun was talking about has all been 
on growth capex. And there, as I said, it is all -- bulk of it is on the specialty ingredients space. 
Akshay Hatiskar: Okay, sir. So there won't be any capex for FY '27 also, right? Like... 
K. Natarajan: We will have. I don't see any growth capex given what -- there may be some work in progress 
that will get capitalized. But nothing new commitments that we are seeing in this year other than 
certain brownfield that we do or we may do some routine capex, replacement capex. 
Akshay Hatiskar: Okay, sir. And apart from this, like as this current geopolitical crisis, which are going on, so can 
you just give us revenue guidance for FY '27 and '28? Like what kind of growth do you expect? 
K. Natarajan: I don't want to mislead because there's no way that I can -- because the way things are, I'm just 
looking at the quarter 1. Now based on the current situation, that's the sort of visibility that I 
have. It doesn't -- I'm looking towards the future with a lot of optimism, but I don't want it to be 
translating into guidance where it seems misleading for each of you. 
 So as I said, quarter 1, I'm looking at hitting the higher end of the 6% to 8% volume growth. And 
on the EBITDA per metric ton, INR21,000 per metric tonne, INR19,000, INR21,000 I look at 
hitting the higher end of the band. When we meet next time, when we have a call next time for 
Q1 results, hopefully, things will have settled down and we have more clarity. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from 360 ONE Capital. 
Rohit Nagraj: What was the EBITDA per metric ton for FY '26 for the full year? 
K. Natarajan: On a full year, we were at around INR19,000. 
Rohit Nagraj: Sure. And just second, on the broader macro aspect. So we had in FY '23, a situation when the 
raw material prices went up. And at the same time, we had a beneficial impact on the EBITDA 
per metric ton. 
 So given the current situation, which is probably more or less similar, in FY '27, can we see a 
similar kind of modality barring the Q1 that you have already talked about and confidently 
guided for, that volume growth may be in question, but we'll have the  ability to make it up 
through the higher EBITDA per metric ton. 
===== PDF PAGE 16 =====
Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
May 15, 2026 
 
15  
K. Natarajan: Yes, Rohit, so that's my desire also, but only one change between '22-'23 and now. So in '22, '23, 
we had a supply side constraint, but the demand actually was an uptick. Whereas now, you have 
a supply side impacted. But the demand, sir, as of now is intact. But with the way that the energy 
situation across the world is happening, I am only -- only concern is that should not end up 
impacting consumer spending on discretionary items. That's the only thing that we need to watch 
out for. Probably we'll have better clarity in the coming months. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Aditya Khetan from SMIFS Institutional Equities. 
Aditya Khetan: Sir, my question is broadly on to the AMET market. Sir, we being a local player were impacted 
by currency -related headwinds and demand -related disruptions. So versus a player who is 
exporting into these markets, out of these 2, like who would be better pla ced, a local player or 
an export-oriented player like who is importing into all these markets? 
K. Natarajan: No, no. The better place is a local player. 
Aditya Khetan: Okay. But sir, like we have not seen any sort of an uptick. So if you can help us what was the 
market growth into this AMET market for the last 2 years? Like what was the surfactant in the 
market growth? And across categories like we have seen a decline or  there are some categories 
we have gone down, others have gone up? Any sort of... 
K. Natarajan: The only problem is this is the whole market, Africa, Middle East, Turkey is a combination. Like 
we had a year in which Turkey because of inflation got impacted. And then our exports into 
Turkey were impacted. Egypt had its own issues in terms of currency availability and inflation 
that impacted volumes. 
 So when due to inflation and currency unavailability, you have a significant, what I can say, 
destruction of consumption. It takes time to come back. That's typically what is happening there. 
And our ability to be able to place those significant volumes in  Egypt and Turkey, which gets 
impacted due to the currency situation and inflation into other markets, is not happening that 
easily the way that we would want it because all the markets they are very different. So some 
markets, you'd be very careful in terms of credit risk. 
 Some markets, you need to be -- there are some markets you just can't even approach because of 
sanctions and all that. So that's the only thing that we have. So these markets have to -- if they 
get into a situation of demand destruction, it takes time for it to come back. That's the only 
situation that we are into as far as Africa, Middle East, Turkey is concerned. 
Aditya Khetan: And sir, on to the categories part, so are we present in most of the categories which the end user 
or the OEMs use over there or like we are present only in some categories? 
K. Natarajan: No, no. We have -- other than fragrance and color, I think we can serve them with the entire 
basket of ingredients, both on the performance surfactants side and the specialty ingredients. 
Aditya Khetan: And sir, on to the market demand growth for the last 2 years. Any idea, sir, how this market has 
grown, AMET market? 
===== PDF PAGE 17 =====
Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
May 15, 2026 
 
16  
K. Natarajan: AMET market, I do not have it right now with me, but I -- whatever I see in terms of the business 
at presentation that was doing, it wasn't reflecting anything great. There was growth, but then it 
was typically a little bit touchy because the countries were also going through their own struggle. 
So in my view, I think it's -- if I'm able to recall, it's about, say, 3% to 4%. 
Aditya Khetan: 3% to 4%. In terms of the volume declines, like whatever we have seen over the last 2, 3 years, 
volume dip in AMET market, you see largely that to be bottoming out over the coming year, 
considering all these macroeconomic uncertainties will resolve into th is market. Are you 
witnessing some sort of a change or like this will continue even for the 1 to 2 years' time frame? 
K. Natarajan: No, I think probably it has bottomed out now. So from here, we should only improve. Yes. And 
we'll probably start seeing it from the coming quarters. 
Moderator: That was the last question for today. I would now like to hand the call back to the management 
for closing comments. 
K. Natarajan: Thank you so much, ladies and gentlemen, for coming into this earnings call for Q4 and full year 
FY '25, '26. Looking forward to talking to all of you in August when we announce our Q1 results 
for FY '26, '27. Thank you, and have a good day. Bye-bye. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. On behalf of Galaxy Surfactants Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you all for joining us today. And you may now disconnect your lines. 