
===== PDF PAGE 1 =====
   
 
 
May 21, 2026 
 
To,     
The General Manager, 
Listing Department, 
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited, 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Company code: 533333 
The Manager, 
Listing & Compliance Department 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra East, Mumbai - 400051 
Company code: FCL 
 
Subject: Transcript of Q4 FY2025-26 Earnings Conference Call held on May 18, 2026 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Pursuant to regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations 2015 
and with reference to our letter dated May 11, 2026, please find enclosed a copy of the transcript of the 
Investors/Analyst Concall held on Monday, May 18, 2026 at 10 AM on Q4 FY2025-26 financial results of the 
Company.    
 
The above information is also available on the website of the company i.e. www.fineotex.com  
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
 
Yours faithfully,  
For FINEOTEX CHEMICAL LIMITED  
 
 
Sunny Parmar   
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
        
       Encl:  As above  

===== PDF PAGE 2 =====
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
“Fineotex Chemical Limited 
Q4 and FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 18, 2026 
 
 
E&OE - This transcript has been edited for grammatical and other transcribing errors. In case of discrepancies, the 
audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on May 18th 2026 will prevail. In case of any conflict of factual 
information with published data in the Investor Presentation, the latter should be considered to be accurate 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
MANAGEMENT: MS. AARTI JHUNJHUNWALA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
FINEOTEX CHEMICAL LIMITED 
 MR. ARINDAM CHOUDHURI – CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – FINEOTEX CHEMICAL LIMITED 
 MR. SANJAY TIBREWALA – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – FINEOTEX CHEMICAL LIMITED 
 MR. YUSUF CONTRACTOR – HEAD, MERGERS & 
ACQUISITIONS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS – FINEOTEX 
CHEMICAL LIMITED 
 
 

===== PDF PAGE 3 =====
  Fineotex Chemical Limited 
  May 18, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Fineotex Chemical Limited Q4 and FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode, 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Aarti Jhunjhunwala, Fineotex Chemical Limited. Thank 
you, and over to you, ma'am. Aarti ma'am over to you. 
Aarti Jhunjhunwala: Good morning, everyone. It's always a pleasure to connect with our investors, analysts and 
stakeholders. We deeply appreciate your time and continued trust in Fineotex Chemical Limited. 
Fineotex today is evolving into a diversified global specialty chemica ls platform driven by 
innovation, customer centricity, sustainability and execution excellence. 
Over the years, we have built strong capabilities across textile specialty, FMCG and hygiene 
chemicals and are now strategically expanding into the high -growth adjacent segments, 
including Oil & Gas and water treatment chemical. 
As you all are aware, in December 2025, we acquired CrudeChem Technologies Group, a US-
based specialty oilfield chemical manufacturer focused on advanced chemical fluids, additives 
and comprehensive solutions for the global Oil & Gas  sector. This acquisition marked a 
significant step in our strategic expansion into high -value specialty chemical segment, further 
strengthening our position as a diversified global specialty chemicals company. 
On a strategic front, this acquisition provides us with an immediate entry into the large North 
American oilfield chemicals market through an established and operational platform with an 
existing customer base and distribution network. It also significantly strengthens our presence 
in high-margin upstream specialty chemicals. 
CrudeChem brings strong manufacturing and formulation expertise, technical capabilities and 
deep customer relations across the key oil and gas basins in the US. We see meaningful 
opportunities for cross -selling, product innovation, sourcing efficiencies and leveraging 
Fineotex global formulation expertise across this combined platform. 
Importantly, since this acquisition, we have already initiated several operational improvements 
focused on execution, scalability, capacity utilization and customer servicing, which we believe 
will create significant long -term value for the company.  Encouragingly, we are already 
witnessing improved operational efficiencies and stronger business momentum across the 
acquired operations. 
Also, most importantly, the acquired group shares the same ESG-driven philosophy that forms 
a core pillar for Fineotex long-term vision, which reinforces our commitment to sustainability, 
compliance and responsible growth. The company has been serving Marquee Global oil service 
===== PDF PAGE 4 =====
  Fineotex Chemical Limited 
  May 18, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
and producing companies in US, which serves leading global oilfield service and exploration 
and production companies across the US. 
In the line with increasing demand outlook and strong customer traction in the US oilfield 
chemicals market, we are now in process of doubling the manufacturing capacity in CrudeChem. 
This expansion positions helps us to cater  to larger contracts, onboard new customers and 
accelerate growth in the high-margin specialty oilfield chemicals segment. 
Now Arindam ji will take us through the key developments for this quarter in the Specialty 
Textile Chemicals business of the company. Over to you, Arindam ji. 
Arindam Choudhuri: Thank you, Aarti  ji, and very good morning, everyone.  Coming on to the Textile Specialty 
Chemicals, the industry environment remains stable with healthy underlying demand during the 
quarter, both globally, as well as in India. 
Expanding on to India -US trade deal, its key point, its effect on the textile sector. It has the 
potential to significantly strengthen Indian textile export competitiveness, which adds further 
excitement in the domestic textile and garment producers, particularly along with the evolving 
trade, framework and partnership with the UK and European market, which we all aware. 
Demand continued to be supported by recovery in the apparel export, growth in home textile, 
increasing penetration of technical textile by Government of India and rising adaptation of the 
sustainable and performance-driven chemical formulation. 
Indian textile export grew 2.1% year-on-year in FY '26 to 3.16 trillion. I repeat 3.16 trillion, led 
by ready-made garments, growth occurred across 120 -plus destination despite challenges last 
year like US tariff and West Asia disruption. 
Also, very interestingly, domestic demand remains steady, supported by the urban consumption, 
home furnishing depart specifically and government initiative towards technical textile and 
manufacturing expansion in the particular technical textile field. 
Within Specialty Chemicals, demand  for value -added finishing and performance chemicals 
remain relatively stronger compared to last year. And also, the conventional auxiliary products 
are also moving quite well, which continues to benefit companies with diversified and 
innovation driven product portfolios like us. 
Going forward, we remain optimistic on the sector outlook supported by China Plus One 
opportunity, supply chain diversification, sustainability  driven demand and potential benefits 
from ongoing trade agreement and FTAs across key export markets. 
Now I'll request Yusuf ji will highlight the opportunity and the tailwinds in the Oil & Gas  
specialty chemicals sector and future tie-ups. Over to you, Yusuf ji. 
Yusuf Contractor: Thank you, Arindam ji. Good morning, everyone. Coming on to the Oil & Gas segment. The 
overall industry environment continues to remain constructive, supported by stable upstream 
and midstream activity levels across the global energy markets, particularly in North America. 
===== PDF PAGE 5 =====
  Fineotex Chemical Limited 
  May 18, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
Demand trends remain healthy across specialty oilfield chemical categories. Customers globally 
are increasingly focused on operational efficiencies, production optimization, water 
management, sustainability and high-performance formulations. This continues to drive demand 
for value-added specialty chemical solutions and technically differentiated products. 
From a strategic perspective, the recent US acquisition represents an important milestone in 
Fineotex's long -term vision of building a diversified global specialty chemicals platform. 
Beyond the immediate scale -up in the Oil & Gas  segment, the acquisition strengthens our 
technological capabilities, manufacturing footprint, customer access and presence in high-value 
specialty chemical markets. 
Our approach towards partnerships and acquisitions remains highly disciplined and strategically 
aligned. We are evaluating opportunities that can enhance our product basket strengthen our 
presence across niche and high -margin chemistries, provide access to  new geographies and 
customer relationships and further deepen our technical capabilities. 
With a strong balance sheet, improving global scale and a proven execution track record, we 
believe the company is well -positioned to participate in the ongoing consolidation  and 
transformation within the global specialty chemicals industry , while continuing to create 
sustainable long-term value for all stakeholders. 
Now I request Sanjay ji to guide us through the financial performance of the company. Thank 
you. 
Sanjay Tibrewala: Thank you, Yusuf ji. Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I would like to start by highlighting 
to all that quarter four financial year '26, our revenue from operations grew by 162% to INR314 
crores, compared to the last year quarter. This strong performance was driven by healthy 
underlying demand across three business segments, along with robust contribution from our 
newly acquired business. 
Our profit after tax for the quarter grew by 118% to INR44 crores, compared to INR20 crores in 
quarter four financial year '25, reflecting both strong operational performance and improving 
business mix. 
Additionally, our international revenue contribution increased significantly to 70% in quarter 
four financial year '26, demonstrating the growing scale, traction and the growing global 
diversification of our business.  From a return ratio perspective, the company continues to 
maintain healthy financial metrics with ROIC at 31%, reflecting efficient capital allocation and 
disciplined execution. 
Further, our working capital cycle remains healthy at 79 days despite the significant scale-up in 
international operations and business integration activities. Since the acquisition, we have 
undertaken several operational initiatives focused on improving e xecution efficiencies, 
enhancing scalability, optimizing capacity utilization  and strengthening customer servicing 
capabilities. 
===== PDF PAGE 6 =====
  Fineotex Chemical Limited 
  May 18, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
These measures have started yielding encouraging results, including improvement in EBITDA 
margins. Importantly, even post-acquisition and through the ongoing expansion initiatives, the 
company continues to maintain a strong financial position, enabling us to remain focused on 
both organic and inorganic growth opportunities going forward. 
Going forward, the company remains actively focused on expanding its global specialty 
chemical portfolio through a combination of organic growth initiatives, strategic joint ventures, 
technology collaboration and selective inorganic opportunities across hi gh-growth specialty 
chemicals segment. 
With that, I now open the floor for questions. Over to you, Swapnali. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. We will take 
the first question from the line of Amit Mehendale from RoboCapital Capital. Please go ahead. 
Amit Mehendale: Thank you, and congrats on great set of numbers. My first question is on our US acquisition of 
CCT. Are we expecting $200 million of revenue in FY  '28? And because I was looking at the 
PPT where it mentioned the specific number, and the timeline as well. And also, what type of 
EBITDA are we looking at in terms of EBITDA percentage as we scale up the business? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: Yes. Thank you so much for this question. This is something , which we have been answering 
very often. So yes, already, if you see the run rate at what we are in quarter four, if you annualize 
it, it's already touching almost $90 million to $100 million and the kind of traction , which has 
been seen with the customers, the kind of technology transfers we have done, the kind of 
efficiencies, I am very confident that the team will be able to deliver a $200 million business in 
the coming times. 
At the same time, the EBITDA margins have been improving considerably with the, kind of, the 
resources, which we have -- after our -- after we being the shareholders in CrudeChem, we could 
have a lot more resources on machinery, manpower, negotiations and suppliers’ negotiations. 
So, these factors have contributed to increase of EBITDA.  So going forward, I think 
comfortably, we should be at EBITDA of 15% more or less. 
Amit Mehendale: Great. Thanks for that. And in terms of business, I was looking at customers like Halliburton, 
Schlumberger, Bakers. These are all marquee customers. So what type of services are we 
providing to them? Any color on some products and services will be great? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: So how it happens, I'll just give you a general overview of how the business model works. So, 
one part of the business is to produce the specialty chemicals. The second part is to provide 
technical services to the end users. And the third thing is also to give the last mile deliveries. 
Now in North America, I mean, unlike in India, the transportation, the deliveries and the other 
kind of services have a great importance. Because that's something , which the American 
companies are looking forward for. 
So it's like on -time delivery, the kind of consignment sales, the kind of technical services to 
explain how do we get more better output to get the right kind of efficiency. So these are the 
===== PDF PAGE 7 =====
  Fineotex Chemical Limited 
  May 18, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
kind of -- so our offering is not only producing specialty performance chemicals, but we provide 
a lot of sustainable solutions and technical services. 
So, the kind of, package and the systems we set with the customers is something, which is much 
appreciated by the customers, and that's quite evident in the traction and the way the things are 
going ahead. 
Amit Mehendale: Great sir. And we were also talking about doubling the capacity. So at peak capacity, what will 
be our revenue for the US business? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: So as such, already, we have been increasing the capacities from December onwards. This month 
also, we are seeing a great increase in the capacity, a lot of machines have been ordered, and we 
are just installing it maybe in a couple of weeks, things should also be increased to a great extent. 
I think easily, we should be looking at touching a business of $200 million with the new 
investment we are going to do in the machineries. At the same time, there has been a lot of 
product mix and a lot of traction in the customers demand, and the kind of sustainable solutions, 
which we have started providing in Oil & Gas  is something , which is also picking up 
dramatically. 
So, we are totally geared about it. Earlier, our expectation to touch $200 million was something 
in 2030. However, I think that should not take so long now. It should be definitely before 2028. 
So this is the kind of action going on. 
Amit Mehendale:  Great sir. And what type of investment…  
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt in between, Amit. I would request you to please rejoin the queue again for 
more questions. 
Amit Mehendale: Sure. Thanks. 
Moderator: Thank you.  We will take the next question from the line of Pritesh Chheda from Lucky 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Chheda: Sir, on the CCT side, can you just explain us where is this whole growth linked to for us to better 
comprehend the scale up to $100 million and the scale up to $200 million revenue in a couple 
of years' time. So, is it a fair assumption that it's actually linked to the US Oil & Gas production 
and you could give some linkages there? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: Yes, definitely, the market in North America has been growing rapidly, and also not only North 
America, I mean, the Suriname and Guyana, these are the new places , which is coming up in 
Venezuela also is getting into the limelight from most of the users, service providers. So around 
North America, there is no doubt that the oil activities are going to go up furthermore. 
CCT is well-poised for having the best kind of systems and the best kind of customers' approach. 
Historically, they have been working with all the biggest users, let's say, all the biggest marquee 
===== PDF PAGE 8 =====
  Fineotex Chemical Limited 
  May 18, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
names, which must be there on the investor presentation as well. So , these are the kind of 
companies with CrudeChem has a great history. 
The demand has been growing, and they have been seeing a lot of value, which CCT has been 
providing in general in terms of last mile deliveries, technical services. We have been trying to 
make the processes more sustainable by reducing the time taken for the oil drilling activity. So 
there is a lot of combination of factors, which is leading CCT to the next level. 
Right now, what has been experienced in the quarter four is something, which is the base what 
is already done. But already, as I see even now and going times, I think the order book is too 
strong enough even to comment right now. But I can say on a conservative number, the quarter 
four was the baseline for the next step. 
Pritesh Chheda: I am presuming that the oil production will not double in US in a defined time frame, but your 
revenue is expected to double. So, is it some contracts that you have won…  
Sanjay Tibrewala: So, let me tell you how it is. The market where we are catering to is about $4 billion, the products, 
which we are in, okay? This is the scope of the market. It's there in one of our investor 
presentations probably. So the North American market is growing. There is no doubt about it. I 
mean this is -- especially in the last four months, the trend has picked up, and it's not going to 
stop. 
 This is the entire global conflict according to us is helping North America in a very long 
perspective. So, the business is growing. The customers' demand is increasing. At the same time, 
we are able to get a stronger wallet share. The companies are now looking at CCT to replace 
most of their suppliers because after the involvement of Fineotex, there has been g reat capital 
investment going on. 
 Things have been changing. The customers' trust has been brought back into a very strong level. 
So there is a lot of things , which is factoring around. Business market is growing and CCT is 
taking a bigger share of it. So that's something what we are looking at. 
Pritesh Chheda: And $4 billion is the US consumption of these products? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: I'm sorry? 
Pritesh Chheda: $4 billion market is the US market size alone or is it…  
Sanjay Tibrewala: Yes. It's I think $3.5 billion or something. But yes, that I'm talking about the North American 
market only. Our focus is North America and surrounding only for the moment. However, we 
have also started taking care of the Middle East businesses. 
In fact, a couple of days back, I was there. Our team right now, Aarti and the Oil & Gas team is 
also in Oman. Today, we have a fair in Oman, in OPES, Oman  Show. So we are tapping 
wherever the opportunities are coming in from Middle East as well. 
Pritesh Chheda: So, you need to set up a facility in future? That's how we're doing in Middle East? 
===== PDF PAGE 9 =====
  Fineotex Chemical Limited 
  May 18, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
Sanjay Tibrewala: So, right now, we already have a subsidiary where we were supposed to start a plant. It's in Ras 
Al Khaimah in UAE, and we were supposed to start the plant there. Thereafter, we had a plan to 
start from organically, rather there are a lot of opportunities, which are coming in, especially in 
these times for inorganic acquisitions for companies who are looking for growth capital and 
things like that. 
So this is something, which we are discussing with such companies for how do we bring it under 
the Fineotex umbrella. So, yes, eventually, there will be something or the other, which is going 
to shape up in the Middle East. There's no doubt about it. 
Pritesh Chheda:  Okay. Thank you. 
Sanjay Tibrewala:  Thank you, Pritesh. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Darshil Jhaveri from Crown Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Hello. Good morning, sir. Thank you so much for taking my question. Firstly, congratulations 
on a great set of a result sir. Hopefully, I am audible? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: Could you be a little loud, Mr. Jhaveri? 
Darshil Jhaveri: Hello, hi. I hope this is better, sir. 
Sanjay Tibrewala: Yes, much better. Please go ahead. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Yes. Hi, sir. So, sir, just wanted to understand with the $200 million target that we have from 
CCT business itself, what is the revenue guidance that we could give for FY '27 and FY '28? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: I mean, Mr. Jhaveri, there are so many things going on. I don't want to be too vague enough to 
be wrong, but there are so many things moving around. And I think whatever we have seen in 
quarter four is the base, which we have set going forward. 
So we also revised, we were planning $200 million business in 2030, which is now revised to 
2028 because also a lot of our technology transfers have also been done from Fineotex, a lot of 
products are going to be produced and already being produced in US where the market is.  So, 
we are going more closer to the biggest giant global Fortune 500 customers, giving them the last 
mile delivery, giving them the right technical services, things are moving, and we are trying to 
do and achieve whatever best we can. 
So, I would not be able to share any forward-looking statements here. But in general, this is what 
is the trend, and we are on the right pitch. There is a great tailwind, which has come to us in the 
industry, and we are grabbing whatever opportunities coming to us. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Okay. Fair enough, sir.  
Sanjay Tibrewala: Thank you, Mr. Jhaveri. 
===== PDF PAGE 10 =====
  Fineotex Chemical Limited 
  May 18, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
Darshil Jhaveri: With regards to the margins, like, as you said that we are also now getting the operating leverage 
in. So, I think Q4 was around 14%. So on a steady-state basis, what do you expect it to be going 
forward? I understand CCT will take some time at the lower end of the business in terms of 
margins. But what do you feel a consolidated margin range can be? I don't w ant any exact 
number, or range will also be there? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: So, all along, Fineotex has been proven for operational efficiencies in the last 15 years of being 
listed. Always, our EBITDA margins have been minimum in any of the quarters of, let's say, 60 
quarters of being listed, Fineotex EBITDA have always been minimum  18% to 28% on the 
general level. 
 So, this is something, which we are very much capable to bring more operational efficiencies 
and see wherever we can invest in the right technologies and the right inventories and other 
things. 
On a blended level, we would always look at getting to an easy EBITDA of around 18% to 20%, 
and that's what we are heading to. I think it's not too far from now, but what's more important 
right now is to drive the businesses and take the maximum businesses in control, and then keep 
working on the operational EBITDAs and operational efficiencies. 
As, you know, there has been a massive change in the global freight rates, logistics, everything 
is getting moving around here and there. So in such times, if we are able to perform like this, I'm 
very confident our team is going to do a great show once the s ituation gets much better than 
where it is today. So, I can easily envisage that 18% to 20% blended should be easy, should be 
achievable by us. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Fair enough, sir.  
Sanjay Tibrewala: Thank you, Mr. Jhaveri. 
Darshil Jhaveri: I just want to ask, when we are saying we want to double our capacity in CCT, what kind of 
capex are we incurring right now? And how much of it has already been spent, sir? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: So there has been a lot of capex being done. In fact, after the acquisition also, the Fineotex has 
already done a capex of around $7 million. And , I mean, Fineotex has extended the funds to 
CCT for investments further of almost -- the line of -- this thing is almost $7 million. So, yes, 
this is going on. 
And as you can see, the Fineotex has -- there is no debt on books, It's a cash-rich company. So,  
this is something, which we are looking at where all we can get the best return on our capital, 
and that's exactly what we have been doing now. Going forward, we will keep updating all the 
participants and investors on the exchange level about the capacities and the investments going 
forward. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Okay. And just last question if I may, sir. 
Moderator: Sorry, to interrupt in between, Darshil, I would request you to please rejoin the queue again. 
===== PDF PAGE 11 =====
  Fineotex Chemical Limited 
  May 18, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
Darshil Jhaveri: Yes. Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Nalin Shah from NVS Brokerage.  
Please go ahead. 
Nalin Shah: Sanjay ji, congratulations for the entire team for the excellent performance of Q4. I have a few 
questions regarding the…  
Moderator: Sorry, to interrupt in between. 
Sanjay Tibrewala: Yes, Mr. Nalin Shah. Please go ahead. 
Moderator: The line for Mr. Nalin has been disconnected. We will take next participant. 
We have the next question from the line of Keshv Garg from Counter Cyclical PMS. Please go 
ahead. 
Keshv Garg: Sir, many congratulations for an extremely attractive valuation that you completed in CCT. Sir, 
there are two questions. So, firstly, the consolidated EBITDA margin is 14% for Q4. Sir, so for 
FY '27 itself, you are expecting the EBITDA to increase to the range of 18% to 20%? Or will it 
be a gradual increase? And if so, what is the broad EBITDA at consol level for FY '27? And sir, 
secondly, we have 53% stake in CCT, so any road map to increase it and make it into a fully -
owned subsidiary or we will stay at this level only? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: So, to take your first question, there has been enhancement in the EBITDA. There has been 
enhancement in the businesses also. You will see that eventually , even from this quarter, you 
will see, like I said, in a way that what you saw in quarter four was a base. Things are getting 
much better than where it is now, where it was before. 
 There is no doubt that eventually we'll be targeting and touching the blended EBITDA, what I 
mentioned to you, one of the participants just now. And so yes, that's the outlook where we are 
confident enough to develop. 
Coming to your different question about the stake. So , yes, we have already signed with the 
founders that further 25% has to be sold by them to Finotech’s in January '28. It's part of the 
agreement. So that's about it. So that is going to add us to almost 79% or 80%. 
Keshv Garg: Great, sir. And sir, my final question that the remaining business, non -CCT business, sir, so it 
seems that we have been flattish for the past three years. Sir, so now in FY '27, you think we can 
break out from the range that we have been stuck for the past two, three years? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: Well, I mean, I would like to mention to you the volumes have already been picked up, number 
one. Number two, even if you talk about textile specialty, so our team has done a commendable 
job by now. We have already gone up by almost 8% if you compare quarter 4 by quarter 4 year-
on-year basis. 
===== PDF PAGE 12 =====
  Fineotex Chemical Limited 
  May 18, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
 So this is something which is -- as you know, the last year, financial year '26 was almost one of 
the worst year of the decade for the textile companies because of the sanctions and the kind of 
geopolitical situations from the U.S. and a lot of things were moving around. 
 And so, going forward, there is no doubt that -- and also -- I mean, we are already experiencing 
it. From April itself, there has been quite a good movement in the textile demand and also the 
textile companies are doing much better than what they were doing before, because now India 
has 3 big treaties, which is very important for the textile companies to export, which is U.K. is 
0 tax, EU and U.S.A. is back. So, all the 3 things, which has come to India. 
 At the same time, the fuel cost here has not gone to a different level compared to Pakistan and 
Bangladesh. So I think the industry and the government is doing a commendable job to protect 
the textile industry. I see a great growth in textile businesses in comparison to the last year, and 
that also translates that our business is going to go up. 
 And not only because of that reason, but also because of the reason that we have been able to 
get more attention from the customers, more wallet shares from the existing businesses. So yes, 
that's the way it has been shaping up. So we are very confident this is also the color here is also 
going to get more improved. 
Keshav Garg: Great, Sir. Thank you very much and I'll join the question queue. 
Sanjay Tibrewala: Yes. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Sunil Jain from Nirmal Bang 
Securities Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Sunil Jain: Yes. Congratulations, sir, for the good numbers. Sir, my question relates to, is it possible for you 
to share the numbers of the CrudeChem for fourth quarter? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: So I'll be sharing those details with you. It's almost -- I'll give you the details. It's more or less 
INR170 crores or something like this on the -- INR165 crores. So that can be shared. But as 
such, we are not -- I cannot give most of the details right now. We can always connect about it 
and give you more information with our Investor Relations company or you can contact our team 
members also for that. 
Sunil Jain: Second question, sir, related to working capital for CrudeChem. So if you can talk about that, 
how is the working capital cycle for them is inventory days or debtor days for them? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: So actually, the times are such now that there is a shortage of raw material, sometimes the 
inventory, the logistics are all haywire. There's a lot of planning being done. Logistics is -- 
globally is not in the right shape. So now the way to do it would be is not to look at too much of 
a working capital, because it's going to get better in future. But right now, the number -- the 
working cycle is almost 80, 85 days, and that's what it is going on right now to answer that 
question. 
Sunil Jain: Okay. And any plan for the investment... 
===== PDF PAGE 13 =====
  Fineotex Chemical Limited 
  May 18, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
Moderator: Sorry to interruption between, Mr. Sunil. I will request you to please rejoin the queue again for 
more questions. 
Sunil Jain: Okay. Great. Thank you. 
Moderator: We will take the next question from the line of Karan Kamdar from Choice Institutional Equities. 
Please go ahead. 
Karan Kamdar: Hello. Hopefully, I'm audible Congratulations, sir, on a great set of numbers and a great 
acquisition at a cheap valuation. Sir, if you could throw some color on working capital again. 
On the last 2 years, it's been on an increasing track. So where do you expect this number to sort 
of stabilize? And our OCF was also sort of negative for this full year. So is this something to do 
with the acquisition or how would it work out for the next year? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: Perfect. So let me tell you the working capital right now is almost 79 days, which is at par with 
the industry requirements. There is no doubt about it. Number two, right now, as you can also 
understand the kind of uncertainty in the availability of raw materials and other logistics and the 
kind of delays, which is happening globally. 
 It's very important to keep inventory -- higher inventories in control because of such kinds of -- 
we have to -- we are committed with our customers and that we need the stock in place. So right 
now, inventory is not the challenge. It's not the focus also.  Working cycle, anything below 90 
days is one of the best ways to work around. 
 Also, keep in mind, we have a great negotiation going on. That's also reflected in the EBITDAs. 
So having working cycle a little longer doesn't lead to any kind of a discomfort on that line, 
because overall, what is important for us is customers trust, the  stock availability. So it's a 
strategy which is working very well for us. And so working capital right now is around 79 days. 
But even if it's up to 90 days, it's not a big problem for us. So that's number one. 
 And regarding your question, as you have rightly spotted out, regarding the investments, yes, as 
the company had acquired, there has been -- as per the accounting policy, we have to deduct the 
investments of our acquisitions in the operations from cash flow, which is a one-time thing, and 
that's already been reflected. 
 Going forward, you will not -- you will have -- that entry will not be there. So obviously, you 
will see the positive cash flows from operations. Actually, till now also it's positive only. 
However, from the accounting point of view, because the acquisition money has to be deducted 
from the operations from cash flow. So that's why you can see that kind of a number. 
Karan Kamdar: Got it, sir. Sir, on the CCT side, if you could throw some color on what sort of products are we 
looking to sell, and is it service based or is it more product-based? That will be my last question, 
sir. Thank you. 
Sanjay Tibrewala: So anything what we do in Fineotex and CCT is a combination of 3 things: manufacturing 
specialty performance chemicals, that's number one; providing sustainable solutions by reducing 
===== PDF PAGE 14 =====
  Fineotex Chemical Limited 
  May 18, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
the water content and the time for the processing, that's number two; and number three is 
providing technical services and the last mile delivery. 
 Now, last mile delivery is very, very important in this business or at least in the North American 
side, because service is something which is very, very important for Americans and the kind of 
customers. I mean, they are global giants. Everything what they look forward from the vendors 
is that how much is -- what kind of support is there, what kind of confirmation on the stocks and 
inventories and everything and deliveries. So that's also one part of it. 
 So this is something which CCT has been doing. And so there has been a lot of modifications in 
the decisions making in CCT after our involvement. And like there has been increased -- 
dramatic increase in the R&D expenditures, R&D marketing team members have increased. 
 A lot of machinery and production activities have been shaping up. So all in all, we have been 
able to lead this company in a very different -- into a different level already. And I think that's 
helping a lot. And we can see what's the kind of positiveness in the customers and the delight, 
which has come to CCT now. 
Karan Kamdar: Okay. Got it, sir. Thank you, sir. All the best. 
Sanjay Tibrewala: Thank you so much, Mr. Karan. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Vinay Nadkarni from Hathway 
Investments Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Vinay Nadkarni: Thanks for the opportunity. Sanjay ji, brilliant set of numbers. Nice to see growth coming back 
after 2 years of little hardships. I just have -- I mean, I can touch base with your team later for 
the financials. I just wanted a couple of things. In CCT, do we follow the same logic that you 
used to follow in FCL, which is tailor-made products for the customers or so that there is more 
customer stickiness going forward? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: Absolutely. That's befitting our model itself. So it's exactly the same thing. Everything is tailor-
made. Everything is designed as per the customer. In fact, to be more precise, like in India, we 
don't have too much of weather fluctuations, whereas in U.S., we have to tweak the products 
accordingly to have working it in minus 20 degrees with snowfall. 
 At the same time, sometimes it is 40 degrees or 45 degrees centigrade also. So in fact, the 
challenge there is more. There is more customization required there, which we have been 
proving ourselves very well. 
Vinay Nadkarni: Was that being done by CrudeChem even earlier? Or was it added after you joined them? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: No, it is already there. I mean -- so basically, let me tell you what -- so basically, why this -- so 
we have actually invested for growth capital, let's put it like that. So our involvement was for 
growth capital. There were a lot of advantages which CCT saw in Fineotex, the technologies, 
the kind of way the Fineotex has been evolving from the last 15 years, and especially in the last 
6 years, what Fineotex has been -- the way the operational efficiencies have been picking up. 
===== PDF PAGE 15 =====
  Fineotex Chemical Limited 
  May 18, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
 So broadly, CCT could see that, and that's why we were there for joining hands and taking it to 
the next level. But CCT had these kinds of strategies in place. But there was something which 
was required together, and this is something which we have achieved now and things are looking 
much more positive going forward. 
Vinay Nadkarni: Great. I think it's a great acquisition. Just one last question for you. When you said 18% to 20% 
of blended EBITDA going forward, would that be in F '27 or would you look at that as F '28? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: We are trying our best to make it as soon as – as quickly as possible, but I think this can be 
reflecting even in this financial year. So, I won't be surprised rather on that. 
Vinay Nadkarni: Okay. Thank you very much, sir. All the best. 
Sanjay Tibrewala: Thank you so much. Thank you, Mr. Vinay. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Nalin Shah from NVS Brokerage. 
Please go ahead. 
Nalin Shah: Sanjay ji, first of all, my heartiest congratulations for achieving such brilliant performance in the 
midst of such uncertain world order. It is an excellent performance. Some of the questions which 
comes to my mind is that looking to the future, one, that what is the kind of top line which you 
would like to sort of project in next 3 years, because after this acquisition, it appears that it has 
become a game changer for the company. So what is the kind of top line you are expecting from 
here? 
 And as you rightly said that Q4 is establishing the benchmark for the future, so in the light of 
that, I would say, broadly, we come to the number that your top line could be in the vicinity of 
about INR1,200 crores, INR1,250 crores and bottom line could b e something like INR175 
crores, INR185 crores. This is my second question. 
 And my third question is, are we going to have any more consideration for acquisitions or we 
are going to first, I mean, take the full advantage of this acquisition, which we have already 
made and then only consider the next acquisition, if at all? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: Thank you so much, Mr. Nalin Shah. So, okay, so taking up your first question, what I mentioned 
was the quarter 4 numbers are the base numbers. It's not reflecting that this is all about it. And 
this is just a base which has been set. The way the things ar e going on even in the current 
scenario, the kind of demand coming from the customers, I am very sure that there is a lot of 
things which are going to happen even this year. 
Nalin Shah: Excellent. 
Sanjay Tibrewala: Going forward, I think with Fineotex organic growth, the kind of -- last year, we had a new plant 
investment in India, which is in Ambernath, plus we have the CCT now with us. I don't feel a 
challenge that it can go another 3, 4 times in the next 4 years o r something like that. So this is 
something which is within the range. And I think we will be looking at it. 
===== PDF PAGE 16 =====
  Fineotex Chemical Limited 
  May 18, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
 And also, keeping in mind that, EBITDAs are going to be much better than where it is step-by-
step. So eventually, gradually, things will get much better on that things.  Again, coming to a 
good touch, which you mentioned about further plan with the inorganic acquisitions. 
 So as you can see, Fineotex is very disciplined in deployment of cash, and in the last 15 years, 
this is the second acquisition. The first one was done when the IPO came in 2011. That was 
Biotex, which is a European producing specialty chemical company in Malaysia, which was 
where Fineotex acquired 72% in 2011 after the IPO. So this was the second one. 
 So anything which comes -- and Fineotex, we are -- we have a very good -- we look at synergies, 
number one, either in terms of the markets or either in terms of the chemistry,  if it's fitting our 
the chemistries which are doing like polymerization, esterification, sulfonation, phosphonation 
or anything, something like that. 
 We are always looking at those angles. There is a lot of excitement coming in the semiconductors 
businesses, database, water treatment chemicals in U.S. This is something which is already on 
the cards. 
 We have some more professionals. In fact, Mr. Yusuf has also been introduced. He is the M&A 
business head and also taking care of the investor relationships. So there is a lot of action going 
on for tie-ups, joint ventures and any kind of stake sales, which is happening around. 
 So if I can give you something, our focus area will be more on U.S. and maybe Middle East also 
on that line. But U.S. is something which is definitely -- I mean, one cannot go wrong in U.S. 
That's the way it is because the demands are unimaginable. 
 So in fact, to touch something more, I spend most of my, let's say, almost every month, at least 
for 10 days or 15 days, I'm more or less in U.S. And there is a lot of action going on. There is a 
lot of new manpower and on the business front being added on the team members onboarding. 
A lot of actions are going on that line. 
 Right now, we are looking at certain more opportunities. And so there is a good cash -- cash on 
bank in Fineotex is more than INR300 crores even as we speak after doing the acquisition and 
things like this. And also after doing the kind of investment we have done in the inventories and 
the business scale up and the machines and other things. So this is where we are today. 
 I think any great opportunity similar to CCT is always welcomed. We are looking at certain 
things. As and when we proceed ahead, we will always be, as usual, updating to all the investors 
and participants via the stock exchange medium and so it's in the mind. So this is -- so our focus 
is how do we organically grow Fineotex, Biotex, CCT, and also look at any inorganic 
opportunities, whichever comes on the way. 
Nalin Shah: Excellent, sir. Congratulations once again. And my last question, can we just take it as you said, 
3x to 4x…  
Sanjay Tibrewala: Go ahead. Yes. 
===== PDF PAGE 17 =====
  Fineotex Chemical Limited 
  May 18, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Nalin Shah: You said it could be 3 to 4 times from the present. So can we assume -- I mean, very, very 
reasonably speaking, that in 3 to 4 years' time, we could be a INR3,000 crores top line company 
from here? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: Oh yes. That if the way the things are going on, I would not be at all surprised if we don't -- I 
mean, touching that number will -- I mean, I will be rather surprised if we don't touch it. 
Nalin Shah: Excellent. Excellent, sir. Once again, congratulations, fantastic and best wishes to the entire 
team. Thank you. 
Sanjay Tibrewala: Thank you, Mr. Shah. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Anupam Agarwal from Lucky 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Anupam Agarwal: Yes, hi. Thank you so much for taking my question, and good morning and  congratulations to 
the entire team for a great set of numbers. My first question, sir, would be at group level on the 
raw material side, what kind of raw material supply chain tightness are you looking at? That is 
one. And secondly, also what level of -- what percentage of your contracts are spot and what are 
contracted for basically and what time lines are those contracts for? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: So by and large, in the businesses of Fineotex or CCT, it's not based on contracts. It's not 
government orders where you have to follow the kind of the volume commitments or the pricing. 
And again, there's a tender, there's nothing as such, okay? So it's more driven in the similar lines 
like the way Fineotex has been doing. 
 We keep inventory in hand for a month or 2. As soon as there is an increase in the prices, we 
start talking to our customers to pass on the increase. This is something which we have been 
doing in CCT also and in Fineotex also. That's going very well. 
 The only thing is that, yes, as we all experienced some kind of logistic issues globally and the 
freight cost and the container shortages already, which has been happening in almost all the 
sectors. So this is something which we have navigated. I think the worst is behind us. I think the 
last quarter and also the April month was something which was a bit of a challenge to realign, 
readjust our inventory levels, readjust our pricing. 
 So there was a lot of efforts, a lot of time taken and the team has done a very great job and to 
win the trust of the customers as well as pass on the cost to the consumers. So this is what has 
been done and making sure the margins are maintained. So that is  something what we always 
love to do. 
Anupam Agarwal: So on a basket level, what -- how much raw material price increase have you seen in the fourth 
quarter and, let's say, even in April? And how much have you been able to pass on? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: So I mean, it's a very generalized question actually. It's very difficult to answer you numerically. 
There is a lot of things which moves on. And sometimes what happens if -- I mean, from a 
chemistry point of view, I mean, how do I put it like if -- I mean, if I can give you an analogy 
===== PDF PAGE 18 =====
  Fineotex Chemical Limited 
  May 18, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
like if the price of wheat is going up, then we can use maida for the food. So the consumers, we 
adjust it as per the chemistry availability, because these are performance chemicals, let me tell 
you. 
 I mean, our cost or our ingredients of the chemicals is not the whole perspective of the 
consumers. What is important is either are we able to give the right performance? Is it giving 
them the right value and solution? That's all it counts. And so the customers are also very much 
willing in such times, they also understand that things are changing. 
 They also need to run their show and they know that Fineotex, CCT and Biotex are the 
companies which can be relied upon, and it's already the brand which is shaping up in a very 
stronger way. And I think -- so we are making sure that the customers are del ighted to work 
more with us. They are also absorbing the increase. We keep passing on the increase. And by 
and large, our team has done a very good job. That's what I can say. 
Anupam Agarwal: Understood. Last question, what has been the plant level utilization at Ambernath and at CCT? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: So I mean, it's a very too deep a question. But generally, I can tell you that we had a good volume 
increase also due to the CCT addition. So overall, we are at 60%, 62% broadly at the moment 
on the quarter 4 numbers. And that's also getting -- in the quarter 1, I can see again there that has 
been going up. So yes, that is something which is growing. 
 And even in the Ambernath one, things are getting better than where it is before because textile 
has also picked up, the volumes has gone up and the volume of textiles has also gone up by -- I 
was just checking the details, I think it's around 10% or something like that has gone up in the 
volume basis. So yes, that's something which is helping us to go ahead. 
Anupam Agarwal: Perfect. Perfect. Thank you so much for answering my questions, and wish you all the best for 
the upcoming quarters. Thank you. 
Sanjay Tibrewala: So just to complete that part, I just got the numbers in front of me. So it's 15% volume has gone 
up in textile, just to answer that -- complete that question over there, okay? 
Anupam Agarwal: Understood. Thank you so much. 
Sanjay Tibrewala: Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Rohit Ohri from Progressive Shares. 
Please go ahead. 
Rohit Ohri: Hi team. Many congrats to Aarti for receiving this invitation from the Honorable President of 
India. 
Sanjay Tibrewala: Thank you. Thank you very much, Mr. Rohit. 
Rohit Ohri: Yes. Sanjay, I've got a few questions. First one, is there any sort of seasonality that we see in the 
CrudeChem business? 
===== PDF PAGE 19 =====
  Fineotex Chemical Limited 
  May 18, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
Sanjay Tibrewala: Not at all, actually. This is something which there is no seasonality in this business. It's like 
drilling and completion, production keeps going on and on. U.S. is the best place to be for those 
segments. I mean there is no seasonality on this business. 
Rohit Ohri: So on a steady state, then CrudeChem can give us somewhere around INR600 crores, INR650 
crores kind of a top line, right? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: Yes, easily. There's no doubt about it. 
Rohit Ohri: Okay. Can you take us through this development or maybe this expansion that you're looking at 
Midland? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: I mean, yes. So basically, we are adding more capacities there. There has been addition in the 
R&D team members. A lot of -- many PhDs have joined recently. So a lot of resources, 
machines, manpower, everything has been increasing and to maintain these kind of growth rates 
and readjust the resources, we need those kind of investments, and that's shaping up very well. 
Rohit Ohri: Any number you'd like to put that after 2 years or so, what sort of revenue can come from this? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: Things are -- Mr. Rohit, things are getting so quickly changing, growing positively. Whatever I 
tell you today, I don't know, I can hold it to after 1 month or not. But what we are trying to do 
right now not to look 2 years, 3 years, because every quarter, every half year, we feel that, this 
is something new, which has happened. 
 So we are trying to look at the initial steps and rather than only look at the -- in the -- after 2 
years or 3 years because right now, also, there has been a big traction in the customers' demand. 
We are trying our best to capture as much as opportunities we can right now, which will require 
more expansion. 
 So expansion is ongoing. So we cannot plan now for 2 years, because already whatever we are 
planning now is for the current quarters and the next quarters. That's it. So that's the kind of 
traction which we are seeing. 
Rohit Ohri: Are there any sort of chemistries which are difficult for the competitors or somebody to come 
up or any technical barriers which are there, which is protecting the business right now for us 
from CCT? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: I mean there are a lot many factors. It's not only production, it's technical services, it's the las t 
mile deliveries, it's the kind of customer profile we have. These are the companies where it takes 
2 years also to introduce and to get the right people i n the company. So having these kinds of 
volumes with this company itself means a lot. 
 And the companies, is rather -- even if I talk to you, even if you talk about the wallet share, I 
can -- I would like to make this statement here.  The wallet share increase with the kind of 
customers we have right now, forget about adding more customers, can easily go to 5x. 
===== PDF PAGE 20 =====
  Fineotex Chemical Limited 
  May 18, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
 So rather, even if you don't get any new customers, I'm just saying hypothetically, with the same 
customers, we have a potential of going 5x because they are giant companies. I mean they are 
all like $50 billion, $30 billion, like Shell and Exxon, if I'm not wrong, they are like $500 billion, 
$0.5 trillion companies or something like this. 
 So I'm just trying to say the potential there is enormous. And they need companies like us. They 
need companies like us to serve them. It's not only producing the last-mile deliveries, it's about 
giving the technical services. 
 There is a lot of things involved. It's not just -- it's not the China kind of businesses where we 
are. It's more customization, tailor-made solutions. And also, there's a lot of -- like I said, the 
weather is also very important in North America. It's not the -- everyone can digest that. 
 Just to tell you just an example, it had a snowfall in last January and the snowfall was predicted 
5 days, 6 days, 7 days before. All the oil companies had to shut down even the pipelines, because 
if there is a snowfall, all the pipelines will also get ch oked. So there is a lot of things where 
weather is also playing. 
 So it's not that the Chinese can come down there or Indians can come down there and capture 
the market. This doesn't work like that. So this is just to give you an example about it. And yes, 
so... 
Rohit Ohri: My last question, we see there is a small shift that is happening in the business mix. But currently, 
if you can tell us that what is the business mix for maybe textile oilfield and maybe after 2 years 
or 3 years, do you think that it would be that the oilfields will take over the textile business? 
Sanjay Tibrewala: So let me tell you something. From the value revenue point of view, textiles has picked up even 
in the last quarter, okay? However, the percentage composition of textiles contribution to total 
revenue has gone down to 36% or 35%. This is not because textil e, like I said, textile has still 
grown up, but the other industries for us has grown much higher. 
 So that's something which has -- so wherever we are today, it's growing. There is no doubt about 
it. However, with the addition of CCT and furthermore technology transfer, some of the 
technologies we transferred to CCT as well to produce and service the customers there. And that 
has also helped us to have more businesses in our -- in the newly acquired U.S. company group. 
 So that's the point. So that's something which is going on. And at the moment, almost oil is 60%. 
Oil Specialty Chemicals is contributing to almost 55% to 60% in terms of value and revenue for 
the quarter 4. 
Rohit Ohri: Okay, Sanjay. Thank you for answering my question. All the very best for future. 
Sanjay Tibrewala: Thank you, Mr. Rohit. 
Rohit Ohri: Thanks a lot. 
===== PDF PAGE 21 =====
  Fineotex Chemical Limited 
  May 18, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Moderator: Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question. I now hand 
the conference back to the management for the closing comments. 
Sanjay Tibrewala: So thank you, everyone. Thank you participants for joining in. I would like to thank all of you. 
And if there is anything you want some further insight or information, our team will be very 
much delighted to reply to you as soon as possible. 
 You can contact our Investor Relations team. The e -mail IDs are with you or you can contact 
Mr. Yusuf Contractor or you can contact the Adfactors team. And we will try our best to explain 
you the developments. And going forward, you can expect a more stronger days going forward. 
Thank you very much. Have a good week ahead. Thank you. 
Aarti Jhunjhunwala: Thank you, everyone. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of Fineotex Chemical Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Thank you. 