
===== PDF PAGE 1 =====
 
 
 
 
February 23, 2026 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Listing Compliance Department 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Symbol: GALAXYSURF 
BSE Limited, 
Listing Department, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400001 
 
Scrip Code: 540935 
 
Subject: Transcript of concall Q3 of FY 2025-26 
 
Ref.: Regulation 46(2)(oa) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements), Regulations, 2015. 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to the relevant provisions of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015, 
we are enclosing transcript of Earnings Conference Call for Q3 of FY 202 5-26. 
  
This is for your information and records. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
 
 
Niranjan Ketkar 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: as above 
 
===== PDF PAGE 2 =====
1  
 
 
 
 
“Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
Q3 & 9 M FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 16, 2026 
 
 
 
This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded 
on the stock exchange on 16th February 2026 will prevail.” 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. K. NATARAJAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR  
MR. VAIJANATH KULKARNI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR & 
COO 
MR. ABHIJIT DAMLE - CFO 
 SGA- INVESTOR RELATIONS  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

===== PDF PAGE 3 =====
Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
February 16, 2026 
 
2  
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Galaxy Surfactants Limited Q3 and 9 Months 
FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements 
about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectati ons of the company 
as on date of this call. These statements are not a guarantee of future performance and involve 
risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
 As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. K. Natarajan, Managing Director from Galaxy Surfactants 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
K. Natarajan: Thank you. A very good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining our third quarter 
earnings call of financial year 2025, '26. If the first half was about resilience, our Q3 has been a 
quarter where multiple headwinds converged, testing our agility, execution and resolve.  Before 
delving into the specifics, it is essential for us to understand the broader context and the 
developments over the quarter and the year -to-date period. The major factors that have shaped 
our performance since last 2 quarters can be enumerated as below. 
 First, reformulation pressures arising from the reformulation of a key ingredient by one of our 
key Tier 1 account in India within our Performance Surfactants segment due to persistently 
high feedstock prices. This continues to weigh on volumes and contributions since the last two 
quarters. Second, in India, the GST rate rationalization, while a long-term positive for the fast-
moving consumer goods value chain. 
 It caused a temporary demand disruption from end of September and spilled into October 
month due to deferment of purchases and inventory adjustments, the after effects of which 
were seen into the festive period in the upstream value chain. Third, the reciprocal tariffs 
imposed by the U.S. on Indian exports as we highlighted in Q2, continued to impact the 
contribution of our specialty segment originating from India and affected the pace of 
conversion in some pipeline projects from Q3 onwards. 
 And fourth, the dynamics of fatty alcohol pricing, which have stayed buoyant at a very high 
level, since last year. Amidst this, it is important to highlight a significant positive 
development on the tariff front. Following the recent bilateral update between India and the 
United States, the reciprocal tariff on Indian exports has been reduced from 50% to 18%.  
 While we await the fine print of the announcement, Galaxy strongly welcomes the state 
development. As global supply chains continue to evolve, this tariff normalization restores 
competitiveness and creates a more level playing field for us in the U.S. market. Lower landed 
costs and improved pricing flexibility will not only help us rebuild traction in the near term, 
===== PDF PAGE 4 =====
Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
February 16, 2026 
 
3  
but it will also strategically strengthen our long-term position in North America.  
 We also believe this move will support the reinstatement of our existing customer pipelines, 
accelerate penetration in high-value speciality opportunities and unlock new avenues for 
growth. While the past two quarters reflected temporary hiccups due to the tariffed disruptions, 
this development is a major structural positive for us going forward. While oleochemical 
feedstocks saw a brief softening driven by a sharp trough in November on account of record 
palm oil production and stock buildup, the easing was short-lived.  
 Market participants expected further declines and therefore stayed cautious, resulting in an 
average market correction of about 8% for Q3 in our India business. Unfortunately, the 
unusually wide and prolonged spread between fatty alcohols and crude petroleum as 
communicated earlier, also a phenomenon rare over the last 3 decades, has kept reformulation 
risk elevated, and this played out adversely for us in India again this quarter. 
 Coming to the numbers in specific. For Q3, consolidated volumes were stable on a year-on-
year basis. The Performance Surfactants portfolio experienced a high single-digit decline. 
However, this was offset by high single-digit volume growth within the Specialty segment. 
The Specialty segment resilience delivered growth despite tariff-induced uncertainties, and this 
was primarily supported by continued momentum in our non-U.S. markets in the rest of the 
world bucket.  
 Our Q3 FY '25-'26 EBITDA before exceptional items increased by 13% year-on-year to 
INR124 crores versus INR110 crores in the similar quarter last financial year. Consequently, 
EBITDA per metric ton improved to INR20,156 per metric ton compared to INR17,527 per 
metric ton in the previous year. 
 This uplift was driven by strong volume growth from our non-Tier 1 customer accounts, 
improved contribution realization from the Masstige segment in India and  Prestige specialty 
products in rest of the world, incremental service income from our ongoing EPC projects, 
lower logistics costs and the successful execution of multiple cost efficiency initiatives across 
the group. 
 Our YTD 9-month financial year '25/'26 EBITDA before exceptional items remained flat year-
on-year at INR376 crores versus INR375 crores in the YTD 9 months FY '25. And 
consequently, our YTD 9-month FY '26 EBITDA per metric ton before exceptional items 
stood at INR19,126 per metric ton versus the last year YTD 9 months number of INR19,272 
per metric ton. 
 During the quarter, we also recognized exceptional items related to the new labor code to the 
extent of INR11.9 crores towards the enhanced impact due to revised calculations of the  
gratuity and leave encashment. These are though onetime adjustments and do not reflect 
underlying operating trends. They are however necessary and hence, prudent provisions have 
been made aligned to the new statutory regime. 
===== PDF PAGE 5 =====
Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
February 16, 2026 
 
4  
 Moving on to the regions; first, India, our domestic growth engine. The volume grew by mid-
single digit year-on-year for Q3 FY '26. Within this, the Performance Surfactants segment de-
grew by roughly 4% year-on-year, largely reflecting the continued reformulation in few Tier 1 
accounts, whereas our specialty business delivered more than 35% volume growth year-on-
year basis. 
 The GST reset led to inventory adjustment by all our customers in October month, which 
created a temporary blip in the uptake and the U.S. tariff overhang continued to weigh on our 
specialty business volumes exported out of India. That said, the broadening of our franchise 
with non-Tier 1 customers cushion the impact and helped sustain overall momentum. 
 As shared last year, we have already undertaken capacity enhancements and developed 
alternate surfactant systems aligned to the new reformulations by some of our core customers. 
Approvals are underway, and we expect commercialization to start in Q4 FY '26. With the 
normalization of GST-related adjustments, continued specialty strength and the planned 
commercialization of alternatives, we remain confident of a gradual improvement in our India 
growth trajectory. 
 Coming to AMET, the market conditions remain challenging. During Q3 FY '26, the region 
recorded a double-digit year-on-year decline in high teens, driven largely by market share 
losses in key Tier 1 accounts, AMET heightened competitive intensity, including pressure 
from backward integrated and local players. However, we have an update based on some 
recent developments.  
 We have recovered significant volume traction in Q4 '25-'26 from most of our customers, 
which will get reflected in the upcoming quarter's performance. Our teams remain deeply 
engaged with customers, strengthening our value proposition and actively working to rebuild 
our position across both Tier 1 and non-Tier 1 segments in the region. Coming to rest of the 
world, it performed well and helped balance the portfolio.  
 On a year-on-year basis, rest of the world volumes grew mid-single digit with Latin America 
and Europe posting growth and sustaining healthy demand across both Performance and 
Specialty segments. These gains partially offset the tariff-induced softness linked to the North 
American specialty exports from India and they underline our strategy of geographic 
diversification and disciplined market development. 
 TRI-K, our super specialty business segment, catering to high-end prestige products delivered 
a strong performance, enhancing the EBITDA profile of the group. Coming to innovation. As 
per the Strategy 2030 that we announced in Capital Market Day in June '25, we are pleased to 
inform that we have launched 5 new products in GalSORB, SunBliss range in Sun Care, Leave 
on segment in November month that in cosmetics Bangkok. 
 These second-generation molecules are designed to offer high photostability, strong efficacy at 
low dosage, broad spectrum UV protection, including blue light defence and improved sensory 
===== PDF PAGE 6 =====
Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
February 16, 2026 
 
5  
performance, while meeting evolving safety and environmental standards. We have received 
very favorable response in this regard, and these products will be commercialized from Q4 FY 
'26 onwards. 
 An update on our rebranding initiative, which most of you would have seen. In January '26, 
Galaxy refreshed its brand identity after 45 years as part of its ongoing strategic evolution. 
Guided by the purpose chemistry creates care. The new brand identity reinforces the 
company's focus on long-term partnerships, responsible innovation and sustainable value 
creation.  
 Alongside this, Galaxy is expanding its portfolio beyond home and personal care into beauty, 
derma and wellness segments. While the visual identity has evolved, Galaxy's core strengths 
that is quality, reliability and technical expertise remain unchanged. The refreshed identity 
clearly positions Galaxy as a trusted future-ready partner for customers and all external 
stakeholders. 
 Coming to outlook. On the cost and supply side, we saw a few moving pieces. Freight offered 
some relief, but operational frictions like port congestion persisted. In raw materials, despite a 
brief softening of oleochemical inputs, the quarter's average price correction was not 
significant. And as we entered January, the fatty alcohol prices began to form again, consistent 
with seasonal patterns and festival linked demand.  
 While new fatty alcohol plants are coming up should improve availability, Palm Kernel oil 
remains a factor that we need to be looking at and planning with what we expect as the way the 
market would move forward. On demand side, India performance volumes are expected to 
increase incrementally in both Tier 1 and non-Tier 1 accounts.  
 And we do see a double-digit volume growth in the specialty segment, , to continue. AMET 
recovery of volumes seems positive from Q4 onwards and be a high priority. For rest of the 
world, Performance Surfactants growth will continue to be driven by the momentum as was 
evident in Q3. 
 And as regards to the specialty segment, our existing customer growth pipeline projects are 
expected to get a good push as regards our North America business, thanks to the tariff 
reduction and will start reflecting from late Q4 and start of Q1 next year. 
 In conclusion, I'd like to say that we are confident that the worst is behind us with the India 
growth story improving, AMET volumes gradually recovering, incremental profitability 
expected from the recent U.S. India tariff reduction announcement and a sustained 
improvement in our premium specialty product mix -- we are confident of regaining our 
growth momentum in the coming quarters. Thank you for your continued trust. 
 I now open the floor to questions. Thank you. 
===== PDF PAGE 7 =====
Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
February 16, 2026 
 
6  
Moderator: Thank you so much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer 
session. The first question comes from the line of Sanjesh Jain from ICICI Securities. 
Sanjesh Jain: I got 2 sets of questions. First on the regional performance. On the AMET, we said that there's a 
competitive intensity, which has increased in Q3. But at the same breath, we said that Q4, we 
are looking at the volumes should come back. What has changed ju st in a matter of a quarter, 
which is giving us a confidence? And in AMET, we are already down 35% from our peak 
quarterly volumes. How much of that we can recover, say, in next 1 , 1.5 years? That's on the 
AMET? 
 On India, we were supposed to adopt the new changes in the formulation with new product 
introduction. Where are we in that process? And when should we see volume from that 
segment coming? And on the rest of the world, you sounded quite optimistic on U.S. trade 
deal. And you did mention that you expect specialty volumes to grow at double digit. It is more 
like FY '27 or you expect for next few years, this specialty should grow in double digits? So 
this is on the demand side of things? 
K. Natarajan: Yes. On the AMET side, what has changed between Q3 and what will happen in Q4 is in terms 
of certain of the businesses that were in pipeline and we are discussing with certain new 
geographies there, we have been able to complete that towards the end of las t quarter because 
although the competitive intensity is there, we do have to keep rejigging in some pockets we 
need to be catering to within AMET. And I think that we did a good job in quarter 3, but we 
expect those volumes to start flowing in only from Q4. That is as far as AMET is concerned.  
Sanjesh Jain: We are 35% down from the peak. Now where do you expect that to reach? Do you expect to 
reach that peak in next 1, 1.5 years or will it take more time? 
K. Natarajan: No, we don't expect it to reach the peak because we very clearly have told that we have had a 
new scenerio competition, where you have a person who is backward integrated and who has 
also taken share from the Tier 1 customers .In AMET what has happened over the last 2 years 
as far as the currency availability and the depreciation is concerned in the key market of Egypt. 
So that is something that will not come back. 
Sanjesh Jain: . but we'll get back to the growth there? 
K. Natarajan: Yes. So what we are essentially doing is that we are trying to see with the new normal, how are 
we able to look at other markets in AMET, the way that we are able to balance it out with the 
credit risk. So that's what the team is working on because we can' t say that what has gone, we 
will not re -compensate that's why the team is working. But to compensate within the existing 
scheme of things, it's not going to be possible. That is why it's taking time. But in the next 1 
year, if you ask me today, I don't see that we'll be able to come back to this peak volumes. 
Sanjesh Jain: Very clear. On India? 
===== PDF PAGE 8 =====
Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
February 16, 2026 
 
7  
K. Natarajan: On India, with regards to the new this thing as well, we are ready. But then what have also 
happened was last thing, our customers, the key customer, who reformulated was very busy with 
battling the GST rationalization and inventory adjustments. So we are in the process. We expect 
the approval to happen anytime and business should start any time now. But the major impact 
of that will be felt only in the next year. 
Sanjesh Jain: Got it. So we will be back to double-digit growth in India, with that product? 
K. Natarajan: We should be. But we also had said last time in terms of reformulation, there have been also the 
active adjustments that have happened, ? So it all depends on what's going to be the way that 
they're going to look at in terms of continuing with that or trying to alter it further, so which we 
don't have any idea.  
 But if the current situation continues, we need to see the growth momentum coming back 
because the double-digit growth can happen only if the market is growing.  India market, even 
today, if you see all of them are reporting 2% to 4% volume growth, underlying volume growth. 
So that really needs to come back. All our customers are saying that the GST rationalisation 
should bring that up to that level, and they are working towards making that happen. But it has 
to get reflected in the actual numbers that they're going to be selling. 
Sanjesh Jain: Got it. And on the U.S? 
K. Natarajan: Yes. On the U.S., obviously, so if you see the tariff actually created  an issue for us in terms of 
the way that we are running the customer projects there where the customers were essentially  
very apprehensive in terms of whether they want to continue working on the projects in pipeline. 
Now with the way that things have settled down, it is not only in terms of the tariff, but also the 
way that India and U.S. are warmed up. 
 So customers do feel that this would be a stable situation to move forward. And we are seeing 
that based on the last 2 weeks of discussions we had customers, there's a positive momentum 
in restarting evaluation of various projects in pipeline that were suspended. So that gives us the 
confidence. In terms of it's starting to show a certain uptick in demand for those products that 
got impacted due to tariff from end of this year and more it will be seen in the next year. 
Sanjesh Jain: So we should be growing for double-digit volume growth in specialty based on this/ 
K. Natarajan: We should be seeing this. Yes,. But then it's all a question of how the customers are going 
because it's also a situation, where we do not know what contract customers have done for the 
products already, when those contracts are expiring because everything went into a limbo. Now 
with all the customers, it looks positive to what extent we're positive, we'll get to know probably 
in the next call, I'll be able to give more clarity. 
  
===== PDF PAGE 9 =====
Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
February 16, 2026 
 
8  
Sanjesh Jain: My second set of question, more like bookkeeping. Natarajan, you said that the margins were 
also boosted because of EPC segment. Can you give more detail o n that? And the second 
question? 
K. Natarajan: No, I can only tell you, Sanjesh, that if you look at it on a YTD basis, it is not significant. Since 
it is with a single customer and  with confidentiality arrangement with them, we are not able to 
reveal the actual number. But I can say that it has not been significant. 
Sanjesh Jain: Got it. And just one bookkeeping question there is a significant jump in the other comprehensive 
income for last two quarters from a line item, where we need to recognize it into P&L in a later 
date. What exactly is that? 
Abhijit Damle: No, those are basically coming from your exchange rate movements coming from subsidiary 
adjustments.  
Sanjesh Jain: So why should it get recognized later in the P&L in that sense? 
Abhijit Damle: See these are the items which that can only come to P&L once you sell your investments in 
subsidiaries or get back that money into subsidiary back to India. So these are all in their Foreign 
currency translation reserve sort of. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Arun Prasath from Avendus Spark. 
Arun Prasath: First question is on this tariff related to U.S. Have we shared any tariff with the customer during 
this intervening period? And if so, with this update on the trade, should we see some kind of 
gains coming back in terms of margins? 
K. Natarajan: No, I didn't understand. When you say shared with customers means. 
Arun Prasath: So a lot of companies have indicated their tariff burden is shared equally between? 
K. Natarajan: That's what we said. So what we had done was that to respond to that, there are certain businesses 
that we would actually cater to from Egypt to be moved it to Egypt. What we couldn't move, we 
have to take either some of it, 50%, it didn't make any sense to do the business at all because you 
can't be cash negative.  
 So we didn't do those businesses in which products where we could absorb some portion of it, 
we took that call to keep the volumes going. So as we move forward, what we would see is that 
the major outlook for us or the major outcome that will be good for us is where we're able to 
build the volumes, , in terms of all those costs, which we can only do from India, and that's what 
we're focusing on. Now to the extent that we have taken some calls on some products where we 
took a margin call, to the extent that the duties have come down from 50% to 80%, once my 
current contract gets over, we can start reinstating. 
  
===== PDF PAGE 10 =====
Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
February 16, 2026 
 
9  
Arun Prasath: So you are confident that the rest of the world should grow in double digits. If it's more backed 
by the return of the volumes from those geographies, which we couldn't deliver because of the 
tariffs. Is that the right understanding? 
K. Natarajan: See, right now, even without U.S., we are doing well in the rest of the world because we started 
pivoting to other locations like in the rest of the world, ? Now that momentum we want to 
maintain. And we also want U.S. now to come back, , after the customers start warming up with 
the new reality on tariffs and the way that India and U.S. are warming up, that is going to be a 
plus for us. 
 But the product categories are very different. It's not that whatever volumes actually place in 
U.S., we could place elsewhere in the rest of the world. Because there's also a mix that has 
changed. Now we'll always get reset the moment we go into the next year. 
Arun Prasath: , sir. Second, on this EPC revenue and earnings, will it be similar to what we have seen this year, 
going forward also, where there are small amounts that will be keep booked each quarter? Or 
will we see some kind of a bulk or a major significant revenue and earnings should come in say 
FY '27? 
K. Natarajan: No, no. It will be spread out because we are expected to be completing this by Q4 of next 
financial year,  So it will get recognized in small pockets, not that there will be anything that's 
significant that will come in one quarter. 
Arun Prasath: Because when we initially announced, what I remember is there will be some significant amount, 
which will come at one go. So that's not going to be the case in any quarter going forward? 
K. Natarajan: It's a question of what we receive and what we recognize Recognition happens based on the way 
the accounting standards mandate So we are recognizing income based on what the accounting 
standards mandate and that will be evenly spread out linked to the perc entage of completion of 
the project, 
Arun Prasath: Right. 
Arun Prasath: If this entire process is not giving us, say, meaningful earnings even in any single year, what is 
the benefit that we are actually going to get? I understand that we will be improving our 
relationship with the customer. And at some point of time, that may  result as a better volume. 
But what is the tangible benefits we are going to see in the same as Indian tend from this? 
K. Natarajan: I'll rephrase what we said. First is we are with our customer as part of the strategic intent to 
backward integrate. And that was not the only reason. It's also in terms of we getting access to 
volumes for our Performance Surfactants in the biggest market for Home and Personal Care, that 
is the U.S., North America. That is the prime move that we are doing. 
 And it is not that it is not significant, It's not that it is something that is going to change 
because it is not -- based on what EBITDA we have, it is not something significant from that 
===== PDF PAGE 11 =====
Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
February 16, 2026 
 
10  
context. But from this project, it will be. We need to understand the context in which we are 
saying this, ? And we are not doing this because we want to get through the business of EPC. 
No. We did this because it's going to give us a link to our strategic market of North America. 
Arun Prasath: Have we already started getting some benefit because of this in terms of volumes or margins or 
mix? At least we are not able to see this in the numbers? 
K. Natarajan: No, you can't see that because this is in the Performance Surfactants segment. And the project 
will be commissioned only in Q4 of the next financial year. It is not yet commissioned, How  the 
volumes com?. 
Arun Prasath: Understood, sir. But anyway, that plant will be operated by the customer, right? We will not be 
reporting in our numbers? 
K. Natarajan: No, no, we will not be. We'll only report numbers, which are in terms of what volumes we are 
going to be offtaking for our requirement in North America. 
Arun Prasath: . Understood. And one more question on the gross margin this quarter. If we see in the first half, 
on a per kg basis, we are clocking close to around INR49 per kg. And Q3, suddenly we are 
looking at INR53, INR53.5 per kg. I'm looking at the reported EBITDA per kg translated into 
gross margin per kg. So this first half of INR49 to Q3, INR53 to INR53.5. Again, is a dramatic 
shift in the mix or a pricing lag effect? How should we look? 
K. Natarajan: No, as I said in my opening remarks, one is our TRI -K, which is into Prestige Specialties did 
very well. So that is one of the reasons, And the other one is also what we sell from India,  There 
is a mix impact,  But as we said, our TRI -K business, which is  into Prestige Specialties had a 
role to play in terms of this being better than what it was in first half. 
Arun Prasath: . But from last year's, say, FY '22, cumulatively, we had close to around INR52.5 per kg of gross 
margin. From there, the first half reduction to, INR48, INR49 that was primarily driven by our 
mix.  
K. Natarajan: I'll tell you, see what happened was the major reason in first half was when the tariffs were 
announced for U.S. some of the businesses just got stalled. We also had to  take time to be 
rejigging business from India into whatever we can do. The mix also had undergone a change 
because certain products we couldn't sell out of India. 
 And then we had to be seeking other markets like in rest of the world, , where we had to face it 
in a sense of urgency. So it's not that we could get time to be able to get the pricing we want. 
So it is all about how do we rejig our portfolio in terms of our locations and geographies based 
on what the tariff situation presents. That's what explains that. 
. 
  
===== PDF PAGE 12 =====
Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
February 16, 2026 
 
11  
Arun Prasath: Sir, this is a sustainable gross margin unless and until before we see some kind of? 
K. Natarajan: I will have clarity because my U.S. thing has to  sustain because I'm also seeing that the U.S. 
market based on all that my customers and one of our key customers who has a big presence in 
Beauty and Wellbeing in U.S. has flagged concerns in terms of demand issues in U.S. So that 
means we need to see how Tri-K shapes up. But I don't see that as a big concern the way that the 
Tri-K business is performing. But I need to make clear only when I go into the next quarter of 
our call. 
 The other thing is with our tariffs getting releasing, we also see that if all my customer projects 
that were put on hold and business that we actually are suspended, once they start coming in, it 
will turn to state the margin profile. So I would urge you to wait till May, when we will have 
our call for the full year. I can give you better clarity. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Archit Joshi  from Nuvama Wealth Management 
Limited. 
Archit Joshi: I have a few. First one, we have been hearing from you about the reformulation strategies 
adopted by our customers. Sir, my question was whether have we seen this happen in the past? 
Is that like a permanent reset to a particular surfactant being used in a lower quantity basis their 
cost structure, of course? And should that reverse sometime in the future? What have been our 
experiences when such a shift happens at the customer's side? 
K. Natarajan: So I'll tell you, so it's not that it happened for the first time. It happened earlier, but then the 
tenure it follows , the price delta between fatty alcohol and crude petroleum derivatives have 
been not this prolonged,  So that's one change that has happened. Second is any reformulation 
in terms of activity adjustments or your alternatives being used , typically are something that is 
not our customers would do in the normal course. 
 They're doing it because they are forced. So I can tell you that once prices start getting 
corrected to some reasonable levels, , we would see that they would revert to what the original 
formulation was. So these are all temporary adjustments that they are making, ? And that's 
what even a dialogue with the customers tells us. 
 But we are hopeful that the fatty alcohol prices should start getting corrected, say, from May 
onwards, because we do see that structurally with the high season months coming in of palm 
and palm kernel, , it should start reflecting. But yes, we don't have a crystal ball in front of us, 
but this is what the expectation is based on what we have seen in the earlier years. So we need 
to wait for that. 
Archit Joshi: Understood. Sir, if I understand correctly, long story short is that there is a chance that the actives 
used in any formulation can go back to the same levels that earlier they used to use. Yes. Of 
course, time lines no one can tell 
===== PDF PAGE 13 =====
Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
February 16, 2026 
 
12  
K. Natarajan: Yes, yes. it will happen.. 
Archit Joshi: Got it. Sir, secondly, I remember speaking to you on the mix that we have amongst our 
customers. And we are definitely seeing some shift of some local niche kind of players who have 
gone up in the total salience of our total revenue mix.  So in this quarter, as I can see from the 
presentation, 40% is going to 47%. And on a 9-month basis also, we have jumped from 39% to 
44%. How should we read this, sir?  
 Is it that because of these reformulation things, the MNC customers have dropped significantly 
in volume? And because of this, there's an optically higher number seen in the mix of these local 
and niche players or have we actually seen local niche players grow significantly in volumes? 
K. Natarajan: Archit in percentage, obviously denominator has an impact. So if the denominator comes down, 
the percentage goes up. But that's one part of the explanation. But more importantly, which we 
have been constantly saying is that we are very deeply entrenched, and a huge  amount of 
engagement with all our Tier 2, Tier 3 and D2C customers. 
 It is what enables us to ensure that we were able to mitigate a good portion of the impact 
because of the reformulation by Tier 1 customer with what we could do with the Tier 2, Tier 3 
and the direct-to-consumer brands, ? And that particular intensity to grow that segment is not 
something that we are doing now. 
 It has been a stated strategic agenda for us, and we'll continue to maintain and build on that 
momentum. That we are very clear. And we also know that the way the markets are looking at 
it, you'll have D2C brands are here to stay. It's all important as to how we have a business 
model that enables us to address it very effectively and sustain whatever growth that we 
achieve with the business with them. 
Archit Joshi: Understood. So would that be fair to assume, sir, there will be a gradual pivot towards these local 
niche regional kind of players and any number as a percentage of mix that you would be targeting 
over there? 
K. Natarajan: See, one thing that I say percentage is a derivative, it is not that we are deliberately pivoting 
towards Tier 2, Tier 3 and deprioritizing Tier 1. So that is not the way that we will do business. 
If the churn happens in the end market, we are well ready because the way that we engage with 
all types of customers, ?  
 That's the way it has to be understood. our strategy is not to deprioritize, ? We'll have to have 
the ability to serve all the segments and in a way that they would want it the way that the market 
configuration happens. And that's what we've been doing for  last quarter, we'll continue to do 
the same thing. 
  
===== PDF PAGE 14 =====
Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
February 16, 2026 
 
13  
Archit Joshi: Got it, sir. One last small one on this extremely welcome development with regards to 
commercialization of 5 new products under the Leave on category. Hearty congratulations on 
that. And since we are hoping to ramp up production sales and commercialization from next 
quarter onwards, would you, sir, like to give us some more understanding with regards to its 
potential from an export perspective or whether it will be domestic or any particular customers, 
would there be MNC or regional players? Anything on that account that would be helpful? 
K. Natarajan: Yes. So it will be essentially -- we launched it in November. We are able to see a good amount 
of response, and that is very heartening. It will be in India and out of India both bec ause it is in 
the Leave on segment, it is in sun care, ? 
 And obviously, we don't have any specific focus on we say that it's not that we want to focus 
only on Tier 1 or Tier 2, Tier 3 customers. This is a product we have got interest across all types 
of customers. And our objective is to see how we are able to progress well and convert all these 
positive inquiries into business. That's what we are working on. 
Archit Joshi: Understood, sir. Sir, this would have a significantly higher EBITDA per tonne, right, compared 
to our existing or blended number that we are reporting close to Rs 18,000-Rs  20,000 / tonnes. 
K. Natarajan: It should, correct. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Aditya Khaitan from SMIFS Institutional Equities. 
Aditya Khaitan: Just a couple of questions. Sir, so we are pivoting to other regions for growth in export market. 
So compared to U.S. market, also whatever benefits which we had got in U.S., are the other 
markets similar in terms of the remunerative prices or they are below or they are higher? So what 
are the markets like we have explored during this tariff journey? How do you see that journey to 
build upon? so U.S. will come back to normal? 
K. Natarajan: See, first of all, it's not that in the rest of the world on our specialties, we are focusing on all the 
markets, North America, Latin and Europe. But then when the tariff situation presented to us in 
Europe, then we had to be looking at how do I start seeking more business from those segments. 
 And obviously, we had to even do certain things because what option we had, either to take 
those huge margin hit in terms of continuing to sell that into the U.S. or look at other markets 
where the impact can be lesser than what margin impact we will have in the U.S. with the 
tariffs incorporated. 
 So there is no question of saying that whether I plan to have what margin I need. Now whole 
thing was to ensure that we start pivoting because we never knew how long this U.S. situation 
will continue, correct? Now this positive development has happened in terms of the tariffs 
getting reset, and we don't have any comparable vis-a-vis others in the world.  
  
  
===== PDF PAGE 15 =====
Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
February 16, 2026 
 
14  
 Almost everyone is at 18%, 19%, ? So this gives us the confidence to restart, , the strategic 
pipeline projects we had with the customers in U.S., which was what was originally intended, ? 
So once those things start fructifying, we start rejigging back into the U.S., those volumes. 
Aditya Khaitan: Got it. And this customer, which you mentioned, U.S. customer has stated like demand is an 
issue. So how you see the uptick would be gradual or it would be very easy for us to take back 
the lost volume? 
K. Natarajan: Well, the first time, if you see for the first time, 2 of the biggest guys, one of them is the biggest 
in the U.S. The other one is very big as far as your Beauty and Well -being is concerned. 
Therefore the first time flagged concerns with regard to the demand side in the U.S. 
 We haven't heard this till now. When we see the commentary of some of our competitors in the 
U.S. and Europe, they are all pointing towards a huge concern, , on the robustness of demand. 
The first time when customers are flagging this, , is when we say fine. If they are saying that 
they are probably much nearer to the consumer side of the business. So we said, let us take this 
input and keep it into our mind, ? 
 That's what I communicated. So when someone asked whether we expect the U.S. business to 
be continuing into double-digit growth, I said this aspect has to be factored in. Although if 
everything continues as normal, things will be much better given that the tariff situation also 
has got resolved in a very positive way. 
Aditya Khaitan: Got it. So sir, despite this slowing what suppose if that issue persists on the demand side, we still 
like, sir, maintain our volume guidance of whatever for the next 2 years. Is that maintained or 
would be again some cut? 
K. Natarajan: See, volume guidance, we talked always about 6% to 8%, ? So it's actually very dangerous to 
change guidance when things are in such a state of flux. That's the reason why I'm not courageous 
enough to do that because I don't want to be revising the guidance  has to give more clarity. It's 
not confused, correct? That's the reason I'm not doing it. 
 Now there are too many things that are happening on the positive side in the geopolitical 
situation. If all that falls in place, , we do see that things should start looking up and take us 
closer to the 6% to 8% because what is very commendable as far as the performance is 
concerned is that despite so many challenges in India, which has been the biggest market for us 
with the tariff in U.S. 
 And with what is happening in Europe, , we've been able to have a positive volume growth, , 
and also able to keep our profit numbers flattish, , by a combination of how do we reject our 
demand and also in terms of how we took care of cost. So this essentially, again, is a very clear 
demonstration of the very, very robust business model that we have across customer size and 
across geographies and across product segments. 
===== PDF PAGE 16 =====
Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
February 16, 2026 
 
15  
Aditya Khaitan: Yes. Just one last question, sir, if I may. to the EPC business, any sort of guidance like for the 
next 1 year or for the next 2 years, how much contribution we can see from this business? And 
how much EBITDA diversification will happen from this business to this? Any sort of a number 
considering next 2 to 5 years view? 
K. Natarajan: So first of all, as I said, if I give for next years, I would have given as to what we have recognized 
in this year. That's why I said it is not significant. And then I was asked if it's not significant, 
why did I do it, which also explained,  So I can only tell you that in the coming years also, it will 
be there, but it will not be significant in terms of what we're doing with this customer. Since I'm 
born the confidentiality agreement with this customer, I'm not able to disclose. Otherwise, you 
know that as an organization, are very transparent. We would have disclosed. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Dhruv Muchhal from HDFC AMC. 
Dhruv Muchhal: Sir, first question is, is it possible to share how much portion of your India business is getting 
influenced by this reformulation? And to some degree, I mean, is it there in the Q3 numbers or 
more can happen? 
K. Natarajan: As of today, whatever has happened is fully reflected in the Q3 numbers, ? And if you look at 
the entire degrowth that has happened in India, if we compare it with last year to now, can -- 
which we have been able to mitigate with some good business growth that we had with our Tier 
2, Tier 3 customers has entirely been due to this reformulation. 
 So we don't see the base getting altered significantly if the current situation continues. But if 
you have the fatty alcohol prices and crude petroleum prices further diverging, , then we 
cannot make any statement on then we need to go back to a customer. But as of now, what has 
happened has happened, ? So we don't see that increasing further. 
Dhruv Muchhal: Sure. Sir, I'm asking why because there would be some products where the formulation can never 
happen. I'm assuming there could be some products that the reformulation can never happen. So 
from that angle, I was trying to understand? 
K. Natarajan: Yes, correct. So whatever I think most of what could have happened. So customers also they do 
give us advanced intimation, but they will not tell us into every detail that they are planning. But 
based on whatever discussions we have had with their top leadership, I think most of what they 
had to do, they have done. 
Dhruv Muchhal: Got it. Sure. And sir, secondly, that we are seeing this reformulation strategy of yours will start 
to play out from Q4 and gradually from Q4 and also the AMET growth will start to see -- I mean, 
at least the base is there now. We'll start to see volume growth back. But just trying to understand 
how is this business from a profitability perspective, both India and the new growth that we are 
seeing in AMET? 
  
===== PDF PAGE 17 =====
Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
February 16, 2026 
 
16  
 I mean, is it meaningfully different than what you were historically doing?  And initially, there 
will be some learning curve and some market share gain -related push, which will influence the 
margins or the EBITDA versus what you typically used to do historically? Or they are broadly 
similar as what was earlier? 
K. Natarajan: Yes. So the first object we have is to be meaningfully present into certain reformulations that 
have already happened to the extent that we need to. That is the first objective. So once we get 
there, we also know that because the pricing is what there is in the market, it's not a new product, 
? It's something that is already existing. And then we obviously didn't get into that because it's a 
petrochemical-based feedstock. 
 So we said, let us first prepare ourselves to participate in this reformulation. Similarly in 
AMET in those new countries that we're looking at, , we are very clear that we will not get into 
any country where we have significant credit risk, but we are also looking at taking appropriate 
margin calls to get the volumes.  
 This first objective is to get the volume traction back, ? But it is not that we are taking calls 
that are going to be enduring us in terms of margins. But yes, these actions that we're taking 
are not going to be super margins that we'll make, ? So it's going to be something very normal. 
Dhruv Muchhal: Sure. And sir, last question, a quick one is, when I do a consol minus stand -alone, I see the 
subsidiaries, which effect I believe is Egypt and the U.S. and some other businesses seems to be 
doing well. And this is despite AMET not doing as well for the last few quarters and probably a 
few years. So is it primarily driven -- and particularly this quarter seems to be strong. So is it 
primarily because of the U.S. -- because of the Tri-K or there are other factors probably mix in 
AMET is improving and all those is just trying to understand? 
K. Natarajan: I think the major here, if I can say, is that your U.S., I said in terms of -- is a bit better. But the 
major impact in terms of stand-alone is because I said India has been significantly impacted due 
to the reformulation. 
Dhruv Muchhal: Yes. So stand-alone low is understood, but the gap seems to be okay. I mean, that would mean 
the subsidiaries are doing well? 
K. Natarajan: I think it's also majorly what I said in terms of what is happening in our Tri-K business where it 
is able to give us some good growth in terms of profitable growth, which is able to compensate. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Umang Shah from Banyan Tree Advisors. 
Umang Shah: Sir, I just had a question on AMET., you've mentioned in the press release that there was a lot 
of local competition. Is this cost base competition? And do you think it is sustainable? 
K. Natarajan: So, see, this competition is not coming now. In fact, it has happened when Sanjesh also said the 
peak volumes that we had was all when Egypt was in a very steady state. Currency was ruling 
at something like INR15, INR16 to a dollar. Today, it is at INR45, ? And inflation, they have 
===== PDF PAGE 18 =====
Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
February 16, 2026 
 
17  
passed through some 100% inflation. Today, they are at 40%. 
 So now with all this, what has happened is that there have been some local players who have 
taken advantage of the situation and have come up with product formats and pricing that have 
been significantly cheaper, ?  And they're also backward integrated. That's what resulted, , 
because when my customers there, my Tier 1 customers lose share, it story reflects on us. And 
there is no way that I can gain back that share with others who have now taken the end market 
share because they are backward integrated. S o that is not something that has happened now. 
That has happened over the last 3 years. 
Umang Shah: Got it. Very useful, sir. Sir, my second question is, after a long time, there has been a decline in 
raw material prices, fatty alcohol prices on a quarter -on-quarter basis. Do you see the price 
increases impacting or benefiting the EBITDA per ton? 
K. Natarajan: No. Actually, whenever prices decreases, it decreased briefly, but then we were also very 
cautious because when prices are decreasing when alcohol was at $3,000 and it went to $2,500, 
$2,600, typically, the problem is the risk we have to manage is a very high intensity because 
customers then expect it to come down further, don't do deals, but we need to buy to continue 
our production. 
 So we are very, very conscious how we manage the risk. Now after all of them were waiting, 
that then they will do their deals once it comes down further, now it starts going up. So now 
customers again are coming to buy, , but again, are doing deals which are short-term because 
they say it has gone up and it will come down.  
 So this aspect of -- it's not a question. If it is been peculiar into a particular rising situation or a 
fall, I think it's very easy to manage the business. If it's a situation where it keeps fluctuating 
very frequently, the frequency is what is a problem today. 
 And the issue reflects in terms of the way customers are looking at doing deals because they're 
being very short-term. They're looking at deals for doing 1 month, 2 months and 3 months, ? 
That means your risk profile increases because you have to manage the raw material risk in 
that frequent way in which customers are doing the deals. 
Umang Shah: Got it. Sir, but I assume that we had an automatic quarterly price increase that you are passing 
on to the customers in performance segment? 
K. Natarajan: So that is for our contractual customers, but I think we have a good business happening with our 
noncontractual customers, that is Tier 2, Tier 3. I'm talking about that. 
Umang Shah: Got it. Got it. So the Tier 2, Tier 3, they don't have any price increases. It's basically the 
negotiation is not on a quarterly basis.. And how frequently would that be? 
K. Natarajan: Quarterly, some of it is monthly, some of them do 6-month deal depending on how they see the 
raw material situation. So one is what we give them information as far as what we know, other 
===== PDF PAGE 19 =====
Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
February 16, 2026 
 
18  
is what they know. And finally, addition happens. So some of them do a 6 -month deal. Even 
today, we have people who are doing a 6 -month deal because they accept prices to stay firm. 
There are some people who are going short. They're only doing it for 2 mon ths. So it's a 
combination. 
Moderator: Next question comes from the line of Divyansh Gupta from Latent PMS. 
Divyansh Gupta: Yes. Sir, regarding the alternate formulation that we have developed, some questions regarding 
that. So is my assumption correct that this is not a supply -constrained situation as the Tier 1 
customer or other customers would have enough decent supply of pl ayers providing them with 
the reformulation? And therefore, the question is that given that we have developed a technical 
formulation to serve the customer, what is going to be our edge to grab any market share? As 
you also mentioned that majority of reformulation has already happened? 
K. Natarajan: So there's no of grabbing market share. It is that we lost volumes to the reformulation. My 
customers, obviously, they reform because there's someone else who was making that supply.  
And the reason why we are confident that we'll be able to get a good portion of the volumes back 
is in terms of the strategic arrangement we have with the customer and the volumes that went 
out from us would come back once we are ready with that particular alternate feedstock, alternate 
formulation. That's it. There's nothing of trying to grab market share. 
Divyansh Gupta: Replace whoever they were buying from? 
K. Natarajan: Yes, correct. 
Divyansh Gupta: Got it. Understood. And the EBITDA realization for this would be lower than our Performance 
Surfactants or largely similar? 
K. Natarajan: It should be largely similar. 
Divyansh Gupta: Understood. And just last question. With the U.K. F TA and the EU F TA, does it benefit us in 
any which way with respect to your cost competency? 
K. Natarajan: No, I don't know with U.K., there is nothing much that happens in U.K., the business. So we 
probably -- it's not that the duties were very high, ? U.K. as a market, most of it used to get done 
in the other parts of Europe and getting into U.K. So our team is now working with some 
customers in the U.K. 
 So the U.K. FTA is not something that's going to be of any great significance to us. But the EU 
FTA, yes, because what is important is that even earlier, you had the -- again, GSP, your general 
system of preferences used to have duties of 4% to 6%. Now that is going to go to 0. It's not that 
the duty rates are very high. 
Divyansh Gupta: Got it. So it's not going to make us marginally any more competitive, large competition edge is 
not there? 
===== PDF PAGE 20 =====
Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
February 16, 2026 
 
19  
K. Natarajan: Yes. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Rohit Nagraj from 360 ONE Capital. 
Rohit Nagraj: Sir, first question is on the palm oil prices, fatty alcohol prices. Given that in the last 1, 1.5 years, 
the prices have been hovering more than, say, $2,000 per tonne. Is it a structural shift that has 
happened where earlier the prices used to be about, say, $1,500 plus/minus per tonne and now 
move consistently at $2,000 per ton? 
K. Natarajan: No, I think whether it's a structural shift, we'll have to wait at least for the next 6 months to 
understand because it has gone through a cycle of close to 15 months. So we need to see it at 
least up to next October, ? because there have been too many amount of what do you say, stimuli 
that are causing prices to respond, ? 
 So now with all that is happening in terms of the geopolitical situation, crude petroleum prices, 
because one thing we see is that the crude petroleum prices correct significantly, , there can be 
an implication for the farm value chain because we have always seen a positive correlation 
between crude petroleum prices and palm oil prices, ? 
 So that is something that we need to keep a watch on. We need to also keep a watch on in 
terms of the production numbers. Our initial discussion with the marketplace tells us that this 
year, we expect the production to be good. With the recent palm oil conference where my 
colleagues attended, I think it is pointing towards a good production scenario in this year, 
which can also be bearish for the market. 
 But how much bearish, we don't know. And whether if there is any other external stimulus 
that's negative, it can keep the prices high. But the way I look at it is that the probability of 
prices going up further from here is low as compared to prices coming down. To what extent 
they'll come down, we'll have to probably wait until May, June. 
Rohit Nagraj: Sure. Got that. And second question, in terms of the Beauty and Personal Care, we have been 
more and more focused now on the  Leave on category than the. I just wanted to get a perspective 
maybe 5 years back, where were we in terms of the proportion of and Leave on? And where are 
we now? Because I think last year, when we had incorporated the 2030 Vision, we had 
categorically stated that this is the area which is going to be the area of growth for us over the 
next 5 years. So just to get a perspective. 
K. Natarajan: The entire HPC market, , traditionally and for the years to come, it will always be very highly 
skewed towards applications because I think cleaning is what is the biggest part of the home and 
personal care market. You see it's fabric cleaning or it's your  surface cleaning or it is your dish 
cleaning or it is your institutional cleaning. 
 So that will always be the case. So essentially, our focus is going to be continuing to be very 
intense on the segment. What we're doing is we are adding an  additional segment, which is 
===== PDF PAGE 21 =====
Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
February 16, 2026 
 
20  
more focused on what we call as the beauty segment, , which is more to skin cream, skin 
lotions and all that coming up with ingredients for that, ? 
 So that is moving. So essentially, it's not that even moving forward in terms of volumes, they 
can be significantly as a higher percentage. But we need to be very choosy about which 
product categories we want to get into as far as Leave on is concerned. That's why we see we 
launched what we call as the sun care ingredients SunBliss that we launched in cosmetics in 
November. So we'll be very particular as to what sort of ingredients that we get into because it 
has to be ensuring that we are able to sustain the growth and the profitability. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Aditya Khaitan from SMIFS Institutional Equities. 
Aditya Khaitan: Sir, my question was on to the fatty alcohol prices. Sir, what would be the inventory position 
today of RM considering at $2,800 per tonne versus $1,500 per tonne prices. Is the inventory 
cycle shortened? And by how many days, if you can quantify that?  
 And secondly, sir, adding on to that, so hypothetically, assuming if RM prices declined by 20%, 
just hypothetically assuming it, how much hit to EBITDA can we attribute it to? And also, sir, 
thought on to this, if you can also quantify the differential between fatty alcohol and the crude 
petroleum prices? Like what is it today and roughly 1 year back? 
K. Natarajan: So you're asking actually a lot of questions that I asked my sourcing head, , in terms of how he 
is planning. So I can't be answering in this detail, but I can tell you that we have a very robust 
risk management framework in place, which ensures that even if the prices fall significantly -- 
if they rise, there is no risk. If they fall significantly, , our hit to the P&L will be minimal.  
 That is how we have structured our risk management framework. That is one.  The second is in 
terms of crude petroleum to this, I don't think as of now, I have any specific response to give 
you because these are all some data points that we need to get into. So I don't have it readily 
available to respond on that. 
Aditya Khaitan: . And sir, just the trend like current because for the last 1, 2 months, crude prices have went up, 
most of the crude-related derivatives, whether it is LABSA that is to make surfactants that might 
have also moved up. So differential ideally would have been shortened. Any trend, if you can 
also highlight the trend is shortening and that would benefit more towards fatty alcohol players. 
Any sense on to that? 
K. Natarajan: No, I don't think I'm able to see any trend. The LAB prices going up is all related to some 
shutdowns that are happening now. And LAB entire complex is very differently structured. So 
there are more details. I don't think I'll be able to explain that in de tail, ? I think my sourcing 
head can have a conversation with you, in more detail, ? 
 But right now, I don't see any trends that we can relate to, ? They're all more short term in what 
is happening in LAB. And what is happening in fatty alcohol is something that is there at least 
===== PDF PAGE 22 =====
Galaxy Surfactants Limited 
February 16, 2026 
 
21  
for the last 15 months. We need to wait till October to understand whether structurally 
something has changed. 
Aditya Khaitan: Inventory cycle of RM, sir, if you can just quantify that, how much would it be? 
K. Natarajan: Inventory cycle is a derivative of how we want to manage risk. So there is nothing specific like 
I only run with 15 days inventory or 3 months inventory. We need to have inventory to the level 
that we can continue our production uninterrupted at the same time, not have a significant impact 
on the P&L in case the prices correct all of a sudden and significantly. 
 So that is one of the differentiating this thing the way we manage our Performance Surfactants 
business, ? so it is suffice to say that we will not have any significant impact to our P&L even if 
the prices correct significantly, it starts coming down. We manage our risk very, very prudently. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would like to hand the conference 
over to the management for the closing comments. Thank you, and over to you, team. 
K. Natarajan: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for the huge interest that you have in terms of 
understanding our business and our performance. I look forward to seeing all of you and 
answering all your questions and giving you an update on the full year pe rformance 3 months 
from now. Thank you and all the best. 
Management: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Galaxy Surfactants Limited, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 