
===== PDF PAGE 1 =====
 
May 04, 2026 
 
DCS-CRD 
BSE Limited 
First Floor, New Trade Wing 
Rotunda Building, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort Mumbai 400001 
Fax No.2272 3121/2037/2039 
 
Stock Code: 543213 
Listing Compliance 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5
th Floor 
Plot No. C/1, ‘G’ Block, Bandra- Kurla 
Complex Bandra East Mumbai 400051 
Fax No.2659 8237/8238 
 
Stock Code: ROSSARI 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub.: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on April 28, 2026 for Q4 & FY26 
 
Ref.:  Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligation s and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India  (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and with reference to our intimation dated April 21, 2026, 
regarding Earnings Conference call with Analyst(s)/Investor(s) held on Tues day, April 28, 2026, we 
would like to inform that the transcript of the aforesaid conference call is enclosed herewith and the 
same is also available on the website of the Company at www.rossari.com/announcement under the 
head ‘Investor Call’.  
 
The same may please be taken on record and suitably disseminated to all concerned. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Sincerely,  
 
For Rossari Biotech Limited 
 
 
 
 
_______________________ 
Parul Gupta 
Company Secretary & Head - Legal  
Membership No.: A38895 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
 

===== PDF PAGE 2 =====
 Page 1 of 18  
 
Rossari Biotech Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
April 28, 2026 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Rossari Biotech Limited 
Earnings Conference Call.  
 I will now hand the conference over to Mr. Mitesh Jain from CDR India for opening 
remarks. Thank you and over to you, Mitesh. 
Mitesh Jain: Thank you, Rutuja. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us on Rossari 
Biotech Limited's Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call. We have with us Mr. 
Edward Menezes, Promoter and Executive Chairman, Mr. Sunil Chari, Promoter and 
Managing Director , and Mr. Ketan Sablok, Group Chief Financial Officer of the 
company.  
We will begin the call with opening remarks from the management. Following which, 
we will have the forum open for a question-and-answer session. 
 Before we start, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's call 
may be forward-looking in nature, and a disclaimer to this effect has been included 
in the earnings presentation shared with you all earlier. 
 I would now like to invite Mr. Edward Menezes to make his opening remarks. Thank 
you and over to you, sir. 
Edward Menezes: Thank you, Mitesh. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us on our 
earnings conference call. It is a pleasure to have you with us as we discuss our 
operational and financial performance for the quarter, and the full year ended March 
31, 2026.  
We concluded FY 26 on a very strong note,  with Q4 marking our highest -ever 
quarterly revenue and EBITDA performance. For the full year, we delivered revenue 
growth of 15%, which was primarily volume driven. Performance during the year was 
supported by healthy traction across businesses and steady  progress in the 

===== PDF PAGE 3 =====
 Page 2 of 18  
international markets. While the year saw its share of external challenges, including 
volatility in certain raw materials, markets and disruptions arising from geopolitical 
developments in the Middle East, the business remained resilient with all our key 
segments delivering healthy growth during the quarter.  
A key area of focus for us continues to be R&D and innovation. We are gradually 
evolving from a formulation- led approach towards developing broader platform 
technologies with multi -vertical applicability, enabling more scalable and 
differentiated solutions across end user segments.  During the year, this translated 
into meaningful progress in product development and application-led innovation with 
newer products contributing increasingly to the business and sustainable 
chemistries, including biosurfactants gaining traction.  
To further strengthen this capability, we set up a new R&D facility in Navi Mumbai, 
which brings together our existing R&D operations, including the IIT Mumbai center 
under one roof. We expect this facility to provide a stronger platform for innovation, 
product development and application-led research while also improving collaboration 
and supporting faster scale-up of new technologies in line with our long-term growth 
priorities. 
 On the manufacturing front, Unitop commissioned additional ethoxylation capacity at 
Dahej taking the total installed ethoxylation capacity to 66,000 metric tons per 
annum. This expansion enhances supply reliability and improves our ability to serve 
customer requirements more effectively. At the same time, we are reviewing our 
broader investment plans across businesses in line with evolving business 
requirements and market conditions.  
We are also working to strengthen the operational backbone of the organization. Our 
SAP S/4HANA implementation is helping create a stronger digital foundation across 
the business, improving visibility, coordination and decision- making across 
functions. In parallel, we continue to advance our responsible manufacturing agenda 
through structured waste management and sustainability led operational practices.  
Overall, FY26 has been a year of strong execution, capability building and strategic 
progress. With a diversified portfolio, strengthened R&D capabilities and expanding 
capacities, we believe we are well placed to drive the next phase of growth in a more 
integrated innovation-led and scalable manner. 
 With this, I now invite Mr. Sunil Chari to share additional perspectives on our 
business performance and strategic priorities. 
===== PDF PAGE 4 =====
 Page 3 of 18  
Sunil Chari: Thank you, Edward sir, and a warm namaste to everyone.  
FY26 was a year of steady progress for the Company, and we are pleased to report 
a strong finish to the year. Our performance during the quarter was broad-based with 
all 3 business segments delivering healthy double-digit growth. A diversified portfolio 
and balanced exposure across end markets supported performance during the 
period despite a dynamic operating environment.  
From a segment perspective, HPPC delivered growth of 18 % during the quarter, 
Textiles grew by 20% and AHN recorded a growth of 14%. This performance was 
supported by continued customer engagement, product development efforts and 
steady execution. Our focus remains on strengthening customer relationships, 
expanding the product basket, improving market penetration and building scale in 
relevant chemistries and applications.  
On the export front, we witnessed continued momentum during the year with exports 
growing by 11% YoY  in FY 26 supported by deeper engagement with existing 
customers and expansion into geographies across Latin America, Europe, Southeast 
Asia and Africa.  Our focus on increasing wallet share with key partners and 
expanding into newer markets continues to strengthen our international binder 
business and diversify our growth profile.  
On the domestic side, demand conditions remain relatively soft during certain 
periods of the year. Performance in the institutional and B2C businesses also remain 
subdued. As discussed earlier, we are actively undertaking cost optimization and 
portfolio rationalization initiatives in this segment. 
 On the international expansion front, we are making progress on our proposed 
initiative in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. As shared earlier, this remains an important 
strategic step towards strengthening our long- term manufacturing footprint and 
enhancing s upply side competitiveness. In spite of the recent geopolitical 
developments, we remain confident of our Kingdom of Saudi Arabia expansion 
plans.  
At the same time, we remain watchful of the external environment. The ongoing 
conflict in the Middle East has created uncertainty across raw material markets, 
supply chains and logistics and this may have an impact over the coming quarters.  
While our Saudi initiative reflects a long-term strategic direction, our immediate focus 
remains on navigating the current environment through closer customer 
engagement, calibrated pricing actions and disciplined execution. 
===== PDF PAGE 5 =====
 Page 4 of 18  
Overall, we remain committed to building the business with a clear focus on growth 
and long-term value creation.  The strategic steps we have taken across capacity 
expansion, portfolio development, customer relationships, exports and international 
initiatives are steadily strengthening the foundation of the business. We believe 
these efforts are putting the right buil ding blocks in place to significantly accelerate 
growth over the next 2 to 3 years.  As we move forward, our focus will remain on 
disciplined ex ecution, strengthening our market position and building a more 
scalable and resilient platform for future growth.  
Thank you once again for your continued support. And I now invite Ketan- ji to take 
you through the financial highlights. 
Ketan Sablok: Thank you, Mr. Chari, and good evening, everyone. Let me take you through the 
financial highlights for the quarter and the year ended March 31, 2026.  
In Q4 FY26, we delivered a strong performance with revenue from operations at Rs. 
684.9 crore registering a growth of 18% YoY. EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs. 
77.3 crore, up 11% YoY with an EBITDA margin of 11.3% compared to 12% in the 
corresponding period last year. Notably, this quarter marked the company's highest 
ever quarterly revenue and absolute EBITDA performance. 
 For the full year FY26, revenue from operations stood at Rs. 2,396.4 crore, reflecting 
a growth of 15% YoY. EBITDA for the year was at Rs. 286 crore, up 8% YoY, while 
EBITDA margin stood at 11.9% compared to 12.7% in FY25. The year's performance 
was supported by healthy growth across business segments even as margins 
remained influenced by the prevailing cost environment. 
Gross margins during the period were relatively lower with the quarter's sales mix 
having an impact on the overall margin profile. Also, March saw some raw material 
price increases, some of them were to the tune of 25% to 30%, which impacted the 
costs. Some of our older orders for the quarter were also honored in the month of 
March. Some of these cost increases have since been passed on to the customers 
and some of them are in the process of happening over the month of April and May. 
That said, higher reven ues along with disciplined cost management and operating 
efficiencies helped contain the impact at the EBITDA level. 
 Our institutional and B2C businesses continued to operate in a challenging 
environment during the year, which had an impact on overall profitability. We are 
taking calibrated steps to optimize costs and improve operational efficiencies in this 
segment. While growth in these verticals remained muted, losses have continued to 
moderate throu gh the second half of the year.  This is driven by our focus on 
===== PDF PAGE 6 =====
 Page 5 of 18  
improving product mix, enhancing operational efficiency and maintaining cost 
discipline. Excluding the institutional and the B2C businesses, our core B2B 
operations delivered an EBITDA margin of 14% for the year, reflecting the underlying 
strength and stability of our core business. 
 On the cost front, expenses remained elevated during the year primarily on account 
of ongoing investments in capacity expansion, new business development and 
capability building. As these investments scale up and utilization improves, we 
expect the operat ing leverage to support margin improvement over the coming 
years. 
The other income during the quarter includes sales of our office space in Mumbai. 
The net income from these sales is Rs. 19 crore. This is our first step towards 
liquidating some of our non- core assets. More of these we plan to do during this 
current year. 
 Our balance sheet remains strong with healthy liquidity and comfortable leverage 
levels providing us flexibility to pursue our growth initiatives. We continue to focus 
on efficient working capital management and improving operational efficiencies 
across businesses. In this step, we internally have decided to rephase our earlier 
CAPEX spend, which was announced in April of Rs. 192 crore across Rossari, 
Unitop and Tristar. The re- evaluation of this said investment plan is being done in 
light of the evolving business requirements and the market conditions. 
 As we move into FY27, our focus will remain on improving capacity utilization, driving 
operating efficiencies and scaling our growth initiatives in a calibrated manner. We 
also remain focused on enhancing margin profile through better product mix, 
operating leverage and continued cost control while maintaining a prudent approach 
to capital allocation and balance sheet strength. That is all from my side.  
Thank you, everyone. I would now request Mitesh to open up for question and 
answers. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter Cyclical Investments.  
Madhur Rathi: Sir, firstly, if you could tell us that what is the expectation shareholders should be 
having for FY27 considering the Iran war and increase in raw materials and so on. 
What kind of growth are we looking at top line and what should be the consolidated 
operating margins that we are expecting? 
===== PDF PAGE 7 =====
 Page 6 of 18  
Ketan Sablok: Madhur, currently, as you know, the situation is very dynamic , things are changing 
every day. But for us, I think internally what we see and what we have planned for 
our growth for the next year, we will continue to do at least minimum  similar kind of 
growth that we have done in this year. Hopefully, if things improve, our growth 
trajectory will be much better. We will have the new capacities now on stream for the 
full year and we are expecting the new EO capacities at Reliance to also come in the 
later part of this year probably by Q3, that is what we have. Currently the way we 
understand, minimum we should be able to deliver this kind of a growth that we have 
done in this year and if the situation globally improves, it will only add on to our growth 
plans. 
Madhur Rathi: What about the EBITDA margins? 
Ketan Sablok: Currently, the EBITDA margins will remain at these current levels between 12% to 
13%. There are certain initiatives which we have planned for this year in terms of 
getting into some of better margin segments like pharma, etcetera. Some of those 
will come into play probably by the second half of this year and that should help us 
improve the margins. But currently, what we would like to put forth is the current 
margins will be maintained in the next year also. 
Madhur Rathi: Understood. Sir, if you could give us some idea about segment-wise margins broadly 
like HPPC and textile specialty chemical and animal nutrition business. Each of this 
business, what is the EBITDA margin profile? 
Ketan Sablok: This data we do not put forth, and we do not talk about it. But to give you a sense of 
the margins, at the EBITDA level, these 3 businesses stay at the company level 
margins. Some of them could be slightly higher 1% or 2% plus/minus, but generally 
they are at the same level. On the gross margin side, I can give you a feeler that 
textiles has a decent gross margin. AHN has a higher margin and HPPC , it is a mix 
of both agro, non-agro and other products, the gross margins are a mixed bag. But 
the cost profiles in each of these businesses, the fixed cost profiles are slightly varied 
and at the EBITDA level, they generally come out to be the company level EBITDA.  
Madhur Rathi: Okay. Sir, at least if you could give us some sense that which of these 3 divisions 
enjoys the highest margins and which enjoys the lowest margin. That will be enough 
for shareholders to at least get a sense that in future if the mix changes, then what 
should be the impact on the margins that is where I am coming from? 
Ketan Sablok: At the gross margin level, I think the smallest business segment of ours AHN enjoys 
the highest gross margin. But within HPPC, if you ask me, the agro and the oil and 
gas have better gross margins , and pharma is a segment that we are going to start 
===== PDF PAGE 8 =====
 Page 7 of 18  
expanding from this year. Once that business becomes a reasonable size, it is going 
to fetch us the highest gross margins across all the segments. 
Madhur Rathi: Okay. What about textile is the lowest? 
Ketan Sablok: Textile again has a split of specialty and little bit of the commodity chemicals and  the 
specialty textile, margins are very healthy. 
Madhur Rathi: Sir, in each of these divisions, who would be our closest competitors? 
Sunil Chari: As we have given in the past in Animal Health Nutrition, there are global majors like 
Kemin, Cargill, Novus, Vetnex which is Pfizer, which has now become Zoetis. Then 
there are companies from Indian markets like Natural Remedies and Jubilant who 
are there in the animal nutrition market. In the textile,  majorly we have Archroma, 
who also has a constant portfolio and the BSF portfolio and a leader, but there are 
other multinationals like Croda, like CHT and Pulcra. 
 In Home, Personal Care and Performance Chemicals, in different segments, we are 
different, but the global surfactant majors like BASF, Dow, Lubrizol, Syensqo, 
Evonik. They are the players who rule the market globally, but there are other 
companies like SABIC from Saudi Arabia, Petronas who have integrated, but also 
Chinese companies are there. In t he Indian market there is imports coming from all 
the sources, but also some domestic players like India Glycols, which is also there. 
Madhur Rathi: Understood. Sir, in textile chemical there is a listed company, Fineotex Chemical, 
are they our competitor or it is a different business? 
Sunil Chari: No, they also have textile chemicals and other specialty chemicals. 
Madhur Rathi: Is it like-to-like product portfolio or is it varied? 
Sunil Chari: I cannot comment because I do not know their portfolio. 
Madhur Rathi: Okay. Sir, post this CAPEX that is expected to get completed, what will be the peak 
revenue potential of the company? If you operate at full utilization across our 
manufacturing facilities, across divisions, then what is the broad top line that we will 
be able to achieve? 
Ketan Sablok: We should do an asset turn of at least between 3-4x at peak utilization. 
Madhur Rathi: Understood. Okay sir. Thanks a lot and sir, one last thing, sir. We are trading at less 
than 10x EBITDA, which is a historical low. Any plans to do a share buyback? 
===== PDF PAGE 9 =====
 Page 8 of 18  
Ketan Sablok: No, we have nothing like that on the cards. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from 360 ONE Capital. 
Rohit Nagraj: Thanks for the opportunity and good to hear the volume growth coming back. Two  
questions on the business side and a couple of questions on the financial side. First, 
in terms of sourcing of raw material, how much of our RM basket is crude linked? In 
terms of sourcing, how are we currently placed both from acrylic acid and EO, which 
are again crude linked? Lastly, in terms of domestic and international sourcing, how 
does that also look like? Thank you. 
Sunil Chari: Namaste, Rohit ji. This is Sunil Chari here. Currently, our raw material position looks 
to be stable. Our supply chain teams have been able to maintain all the raw 
materials. We do not have stock shortages for any raw materials. Ethylene Oxide 
supply also is very stable , we have no worries on that. Raw material prices have 
gone up and raw material prices we have been able to pass through in the current 
marketplace. 
Ethylene Oxide is made domestically so we have no imports. As you know, we do 
not have too much imports of our raw materials so whatever raw materials are there, 
so phenol is available from various sources including Thailand, Malaysia, India and 
China and we are not buying anything from the Middle East now. But there is also a 
lot of material coming from U.S. which does not pass through the Strait of Hormuz.  
Then there is similar other raw materials like acetic acid, which is plenty of other 
sources. We have silicones which are coming from China. Acrylic acid is something 
which India manufactures and it comes from various sources. Unlike other industries, 
our dependence on Middle East is not as much as the other countries. Of course 
prices globally have risen. 
Last quarter, last month especially, we had to buy some raw materials at higher 
prices because we had orders from the customers and that impacted our gross 
margins. But from this month onwards, we have been able to pass through all our 
high purchase raw materials into adding margins and getting the final prices. The 
customers are accepting because everybody can see the global geopolitical 
situation. Going forward also, I do not foresee any issues on RM sourcing and 
availability for the range of raw materials which we buy. 
Rohit Nagraj: Sure. That is helpful. Second question in terms of just to understand the 
postponement of CAPEX. It was exactly 1 year back, we had announced we were 
===== PDF PAGE 10 =====
 Page 9 of 18  
supposed to commission it now. Why such a late announcement in terms of 
postponing it? What has been the main factor for reconsidering it? Thank you. 
Ketan Sablok: Rohit, on the capex front, you would have seen that our earlier capex was delayed, 
particularly the ethoxylation capacities, which were initially expected to come on 
stream the year before last. However, as Reliance revised its capacity expansion 
plans, we also moderated our capex spend. We have now partly capitalized this 
capacity in Q3, with the balance being capitalized in Q4, in the month of March.  
The other CAPEX  plan that we had announced in April last year had a mix of 
products in the amine range, as well as some pilot plants and R&D expansion at the 
sites. As the earlier capex experienced some delays, we decided not to immediately 
commence spending on this plan, keeping in mind the current business environment 
and the overall global situation that is prevailing. 
Also, the spend which we had planned for the R&D at sites, we went ahead and we 
have now set up this new R&D facility at Navi Mumbai. Probably , we plan to meet 
our R&D needs from here itself. Some of the other smaller products and amines that 
we had planned, it is not that we have decided not to go ahead with the se. We now 
rephased this entire spend over this year and partly into next year. That is something 
which we are internally still planning out how we should spend because that total 
spend was also to the tune of Rs. 190 crore if you add up at all the three sites.  
There has been a slight change in our strategy, as well as in response to the 
business environment, but the spend will happen. These are new products which we 
are working on. Some of them we will definitely do this year because there is ongoing 
work on one of the pharma products that will surely come up sometime this year. But 
some of the other spends , we will probably relook and rephase. It is just an  
optimization of our spend in terms of cash flow management and the ratios that we 
are looking, ROCEs. We would like at least the current capacity to generate some of 
the returns that we have earmarked,  and then probably go ahead and spend on 
these remaining CAPEX plans. That is what was the thought, and since we felt it was 
prudent, we decided to communicate this to investors and everyone about this. 
Rohit Nagraj: Just one allied question on that. In terms of CAPEX, what is the number that we are 
looking this year? And current what is the gross debt, including the long term as well 
as working capital and given that the CAPEX plan is now mellowed down, we will be 
looking at pairing of the debt in the next 1 -1.5 years? 
Ketan Sablok: Yes. The CAPEX plan for this year would be I think anything between Rs. 50 crore 
to Rs. 75 crore, that is the plan. We would not like to spend anything more than that 
===== PDF PAGE 11 =====
 Page 10 of 18  
and even at very peak level s, we would reach Rs. 70 crore - Rs. 75 crore number. 
And in terms of the debt that we have now, we have ~Rs. 200-odd crore of long-term 
debt, and the balance is the short-term working capital borrowings. 
Some of the other plans that we have in this year. One,  of course to use the cash 
flows to bring down the overall debt levels. And secondly, we also plan to shed some 
of the non-core assets on our books. One we already did in the last quarter, which 
was the office space in Mumbai. We have a couple of more office spaces here and 
some more assets across India that  we are currently not utilizing.  We will try to get 
rid of all these non- core assets. And there are also some further plans in terms of 
trimming our product profile and business segments. Some of them we plan to 
implement this year. All these, we expect, will help improve our cash flows and prune 
down the overall debt pr obably by the end of this year.  That is the plan,  over this 
year and probably in another 18 months, we should be able to bring down our debt 
significantly. The target is to actually get debt free in the next 18 months, but the time 
will tell. Currently, the plan is to keep bringing down our debt over the next 18 months. 
Rohit Nagraj: Sure. That is helpful. One more last question in terms of current ethoxylation,  after 
the 66,000 tons, what is the utilization level that we are currently working on? And in 
terms of the ethoxylate product, how has been the response from the customers 
given that the raw material prices have gone up and consequently the product prices 
have also gone up? How comfortable are the customers to pay for it or is there any 
demand side challenge which may emanate if not now or maybe a month, couple of 
months later? Thank you. 
Sunil Chari: There is no demand side challenge, orders remain robust. The agro season is 
dependent on El Nino. The El Nino effect can affect the agro season. It is too early 
to comment, but we had worries last year also, but nothing materialized. Other than 
that, the global situation we do not see any fall in demand. We see a good pipeline 
of projects, which our sales teams and business development teams have worked 
on in the last 12 months, and we should be able to see results from those initiatives. 
Rohit Nagraj: And the utilization level for ethoxylation currently? 
Sunil Chari: Utilization levels for ethoxylation  are practically 90% to 100%, whatever maximum 
we can do. We run 24/7 days, 365 days a year and apart from whatever gets stopped 
for expansion, we do not have a single downtime in anything. And we have added it 
to new expansion capacities. We are confident that Reliance will release more EO 
from December when their partial expansion is done because more is coming up in 
the next December that is what is the plan. We should see availability of EO, and we 
have the capacities and we think the market is also there. 
===== PDF PAGE 12 =====
 Page 11 of 18  
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Maitri Shah from Sapphire Capital. 
Maitri Shah: I have a couple of questions. Firstly, you mentioned that we are doing around Rs. 50 
crore to Rs. 70 crore CAPEX for FY27 and part of it is going for the pharma facility. 
Any other CAPEX are we adding other than the pharma facility for this year? 
Ketan Sablok: Yes. Apart from the pharma facility, we are going to do a couple of small CAPEXES. 
One of them is probably going to be in the aroma chemical space. These are the 2 
that we have at least now concluded we should do it in this year. The se two are the 
big ones, big in the sense that they are within the Rs. 50 crore range. 
Maitri Shah: Okay. Secondly, on the pharma side, you mentioned that our margins are the gross 
margins are the highest among them all. What exactly are we targeting in pharma? 
Do we currently have a clientele based on it? And how are we kind of expanding the 
pharma portfolio from now on? 
Sunil Chari: See, among all our chemistries, we have surfactant, acrylic, enzymes and silicones, 
all of these can go into the pharma. Presently , our focus is on the surfactant 
chemistry, polyethylene glycols, but there are a host of other products. Polyethylene 
glycol comes in different molecular weight , for example we sell polyethylene glycol 
in 400, 600, 1,000, 2,000, 3,350, 4,000, 6,000, 10,000, 20,000 and above.  All these 
are areas which can go into the pharma, but there are also other esters which we 
manufacture which can go into pharma. The focus would also be on coating 
products, as well as products that can be used to make gels for pharma and personal 
care, these are products which we are focusing on in pharma. 
Maitri Shah: Okay, that is great. Okay. Secondly, on the margins so you have guided for 12% to 
13% margin on a consol basis, but we have seen the margins kind of drop quarter -
on-quarter this year for FY26, and you did alluded for that kind of like a mix change 
we had, we also had raw material price increase. What sort of initiatives are we taking 
on like kind of supporting the EBITDA margins right now? And how confident are we 
on maintaining this 12%-13% guidance for FY27 and also for the next year, FY28? 
Sunil Chari: See, this year, one of our initiatives is to sell some assets and businesses that are 
not core to our operations , which require a lot of investment to grow , especially the 
consumer businesses that are pulling down our gross margins and our EBITDA 
margins. Once these businesses are no longer part of  Rossari, our margins should 
automatically improve. 
 The second part is that we are now focusing on value-added products, products that 
have higher margins , while consciously cutting down on low-margin products. This 
===== PDF PAGE 13 =====
 Page 12 of 18  
should also help us to increase our margins. The focus on food, personal care, 
pharma, cosmetics and also, animal health and nutrition. These are all high -margin 
areas which we want to focus on. We have the products, we have the approvals, and 
we see a gradual increase in both the gross and EBITDA margins. 
Maitri Shah: Okay. Any sort of metric you can kind of provide us with what sort of value- added 
sales we have for like FY 26, maybe from next quarter onwards so we could kind of 
track on how we are growing on that number, if that is possible? 
Ketan Sablok: We would not be able to share so much of detail, but we will think about this how we 
can do it, improve on the data that we currently provide in the presentation. 
Maitri Shah: Okay. And our core B2B business has close to 14% EBITDA margin. What sort of 
revenues are they contributing to and how do you see that kind of scaling up? 
Because once that kind of business grows, we can see on a consol basis a quite 
higher margin going forward? 
Ketan Sablok: Yes. Most of the growth that we have discussed now are all going to happen in our 
core B2B business. On the consumer side of the business, we are in fact relooking 
at the entire business and the product profile in that business. There also we are 
trying to ensure that we only work on products where the margins are stronger , that 
is what the plan is. But yes, most of this growth that we talked about is all going to 
happen in our B2B business. 
Maitri Shah: Okay. And what percentage of revenue is contributed from this B2B business 
currently FY26? 
Ketan Sablok: From the total, you can subtract about Rs. 250 crore to Rs. 260 crore of B2C 
business, balance everything is the B2B. Even in the presentation, you can have a 
look. 
Maitri Shah: Okay. And on the revenue side, you mentioned that at least we are going to target 
15% growth for FY27 as well. But any new drivers that you expect kind of increasing 
or reaching up the growth to like the higher side of the double like 20% growth moving 
forward, if you could mention those? 
Ketan Sablok: Yes. As I said, the capacities that we have put up in FY 26, we will have this at least 
for more than half the year , next year assuming the EO availability also comes 
through by the second half. And then of course the segments that we are looking at 
are the pharma, the agro and these 2 are going to be the current segments which 
are going to drive the growth and the new segments of pharma that we are planning 
to get into.  That will also add though may not add a big number, but it will help at 
===== PDF PAGE 14 =====
 Page 13 of 18  
least penetrate the market for the coming years. And thirdly, the oil and gas is 
another segment that is going to drive growth in the current year. These 3-4 initiatives 
will help us drive the 15% plus growth that we talked about. 
Maitri Shah: That is great. And the cost -cutting kind of initiatives that we mentioned before that 
we are taking in effect from next year, could you elaborate on that or how the 
quantitative benefits of that will happen over the next 2 to 3 years, if that is possible 
to quantify? 
Ketan Sablok: Cost cutting in a sense, see, we have already in this year spent a lot of cost in terms 
of employing talent. If you see our employee cost have gone up significantly in FY26 
if you compare with the earlier years. But that was a sort of an investment which we 
did willingly given our plans for expansions in the next few years. Hopefully, the 
employee cost expense will not grow at similar levels though we will be taking in 
some new talent also, but not at the same kind of numbers. And apart from t hat, as 
Mr. Chari also said, we will be moving out of lot of our non-core businesses. 
 We are evaluating, how we should restructure our business segments, some of these 
consumer-focused business, which really, we are not able to give the kind of time, 
energy, money that is required for their growth. If we can cash out of these 
businesses, then I think it will  help us streamline our core business and it will also 
help these businesses to take their own path of growth with whoever comes in. This 
is something which we do not have anything concrete as of now, but these are some 
of the things that we are looking at so that we can keep growing in our core business. 
Maitri Shah: Yes. And the consumer -focused business, what sort of asset block does pertain to 
that kind of vertical right now? And is it fungible? Are we going to move it to the B2B 
side or are we actually going to be selling out a lot of the non- core assets? And if 
you could quantify what amount of assets we have planned to sell? 
Ketan Sablok: Yes, they do not account for too much of our asset block. Most of our asset blocks 
are for the B2B businesses. These are only add- on blocks that we had, which we 
carved out of our B2B segment assets to do some of these consumer products. They 
do not account for too much of our asset block. 
Maitri Shah: Any quantification of how much of the value we are going to be selling? 
Ketan Sablok: I do not have offhand this number. 
Maitri Shah: That makes sense. And the Thailand textile facility, how has been going on? Did we 
record any revenues in the fourth quarter? And what sort of guidance would you give 
on the revenues that we can realize in FY27? 
===== PDF PAGE 15 =====
 Page 14 of 18  
Ketan Sablok: Yes. Thailand plant has come on stream in the last quarter towards the end of March. 
It is a small blending unit that we have set up. It is not a full -scale textile chemical 
plant. The plan is to do some blending in Thailand to meet the customer requirements 
of Southeast Asia. And also, the plan is that some of the raw materials for our 
blending activities we can bring in directly there from China at more competitive rate. 
 Yes, Thailand is going to now start contributing meaningfully from this year, probably 
from the quarter 2 onwards we should see meaningful ramp- up in the Thailand 
facility. We will start off with textile, we will do a little bit of AHN also, that is the plan 
and then we will see how it ramps up, how the customers react to the products from 
there. And then probably we will think of adding some more products within our other 
basket of home and personal care also. 
Maitri Shah: Okay. That is great. And just last question, I am so sorry. But the peak revenue that 
you can kind of gauge from the Thailand plant currently is how much? 
Ketan Sablok: Yes. We should do about I think between Rs. 50 crore - Rs. 75 crore at its peak since 
it is blending so it depends a lot on the product also and what kind of blends  we do, 
but at peak, we can achieve Rs. 50 crore - Rs. 75 crore of revenue. 
Maitri Shah: And this will be over and above the 15% growth that you are targeting for FY27?  
Ketan Sablok: No, this is all inclusive of that, but we will not reach Rs. 50 crore in this year itself. 
Maitri Shah: Yes, that is sure. But the Thailand revenues are inclusive in the 15% growth?  
Ketan Sablok: They are all part of this 15%. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Tanvi Warekar from Anand Rathi Institutional 
Equities. 
Tanvi Warekar: My first question is on the pass-through that we were able to do in March some of it 
and some of it will be in April and May. Can you outline is there any challenge in any 
particular segment in pass-through or is it broad? 
Sunil Chari: No, there is no challenge. We have been able to pass it through from 1st of April. 
Pass-through is easy for all the products. We have some resistance in textile 
industry, but we are controlling the supplies and ensuring that we do at profitable 
margins everywhere. 
Tanvi Warekar: All right. And just one on the capacity related. 15,000 tons in Unitop which was 
commissioned in Q2 FY26, that capacity was roughly around 10% to 15% utilization 
in Q3. What is the current utilization that was done in Q4? 
===== PDF PAGE 16 =====
 Page 15 of 18  
Sunil Chari: It is little more, better than Q3. We do not have the exact figures. I do not have the 
exact figures now, but it is ramping up. Everything is ramping up now. 
Tanvi Warekar: The growth that came in from the subsidiary in Q4, that is largely on the higher 
utilization of that capacity, right? 
Sunil Chari: Perfect. Yes. 
Tanvi Warekar: And there was a premix plant that was supposed to come up in Q1 FY27. Are we 
still doing that in the same timeline or is that also delayed? 
Ketan Sablok: No. That is already been commissioned. 
Tanvi Warekar: Okay. All right.  
Ketan Sablok: We see revenues coming from the premix starting this quarter. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Harsh Mutha from Neo Group. 
Harsh Mutha: Sir, I was asking what is the percentage of revenue that we generate from our Top 
10 customers? 
Ketan Sablok: We would be doing between 12% -13%, not more than that. Our products are very 
well diversified. The concentration is very less. Our Top 10 customers would be I 
think between 12%-ish is what I have offhand number. 
Sunil Chari: We do not have any customer which is more than 2% of our sales. We now have 
very good diversification in terms of customers. 
Harsh Mutha: What percentage of our customers are repeat customers basically? 
Sunil Chari: Practically we have been growing. For example if you see in the last 6 years, we 
have grown 25% CAGR in sales and we have grown 18% CAGR in profits and that 
would majorly come from repeat sales, but also getting new customers, but also 
getting new products in the existing customers. Getting a bigger wallet in every 
customer is something which we always target. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Mihir Damania from Fident AMC. 
Mihir Damania: Hi. What explains the difference between the standalone and consolidated profit in 
this quarter? The standalone profit seems to be higher than the consolidated 
number? 
===== PDF PAGE 17 =====
 Page 16 of 18  
Ketan Sablok: I do not think you should see the numbers separately. It is better to see it at a 
consolidated level because now the business mix is such that we sell similar products 
from subsidiaries to certain customers, the same products to certain customers from 
Rossari. Most of the sales currently is happening out of the Rossari company, 
because Rossari is the registered supplier for most of the customers in India as well 
as globally. 
 Hence while some of the products are manufactured at the subsidiaries, some part 
of their end blending could happen in Rossari and vice versa. That mix between 
standalone revenue and consolidated could keep changing quarter -on-quarter. The 
best way to look at the performance is at the consolidated level. 
Mihir Damania: Okay. Got it. Would you like to probably give like a timeline or a rupee value amount 
of divestment of non-core assets? Just a ballpark range is fine? 
Ketan Sablok: No, we would not like to hazard any number. See, this is something which we are 
still internally working on. At an appropriate time when we have something on hand, 
we will come back and talk about it. 
Mihir Damania: But suffice to say that the divestment will happen in FY27? 
Ketan Sablok: No, that also we cannot give you any timeline. The plan is we would like it to happen 
in 2027, but it could take more than a year, 2 years. But my aim of talking about it  is 
that  strategically we are looking at getting out of these non-core businesses. It could 
take its own time. We should get a proper value for the business. We built this 
business over the last so many years. We would like to exit it at a good value and 
exit it to a customer who would be able to grow this business because these 
businesses have lot of inherent strength to grow. 
Mihir Damania: Okay. And just 1 clarification from the promoter. There were some rumours of 
promoter kind of selling some stake or exiting the entire company on the new shares 
somewhere in the month of Jan and Feb. Any clarification on this, sir? 
Sunil Chari: I think there is nothing of such at all. We are all sitting, working and focusing on 
growth. Market rumours will come and go. There is nothing on the plan at this 
moment. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter Cyclical 
Investments.  
===== PDF PAGE 18 =====
 Page 17 of 18  
Madhur Rathi: Thank you for the opportunity once again. It seems that our B2C business is loss -
making currently. What kind of working capital requirements have we invested in this 
business on the Rs. 250 crore - Rs. 260 crore revenue that we have currently? 
Ketan Sablok: It would have similar kind of working capital, the kind we have in the company. At a 
net working capital would be close to 90-odd days in this business. 
Madhur Rathi: Okay. Got it. Sir, it seems like on a revenue potential basis, we could do Rs. 3,500 
crore on our current asset base. How should we see the ramp- up maybe over the 
next 3- 4 years? Will it be driven by customer addition or will it be driven by the 
solution that we are trying to move towards pharma, oil and gas, these solutions? 
Like although scale- up might take time due to this high margin segment, but 
whatever incremental r evenue will come it will be at a better margin. How should I 
look at that segment? 
Sunil Chari: You are talking about growth at a company level or growth in pharma segment?  
Madhur Rathi: Sir, I am talking about the growth at company level, but what I understood from this 
call was we are trying to move towards more value-added products going forward. A 
lot of incremental growth will come from these pharma, oil and gas, these kind of 
segments. Yes, I am trying to understand on that front? 
Sunil Chari: Yes. But not only the pharma or oil and gas , there is aroma, personal care, food 
processing and there is institutional chemicals, cleaning  chemicals for health and 
hygiene. It will be spread across different segments, but also animal health and 
nutrition could be a good driver for our increased margins. Our focus remains now 
on getting into a higher orbit for the EBITDA. The teams are being t uned, trained, 
made to focus that in each business we have to improve our return on capital 
employed and return on EBITDA margins. 
Madhur Rathi: Sir, it seems that these businesses will have a higher gestation period v/s our current 
customer where we are already a qualified vendor. I am trying to understand how 
should I look from a gestation period perspective for like ramp- up towards optimum 
utilization of our capacities? 
Ketan Sablok: The expectation is that that ramp- up will happen over the next 2- 3 years. While we 
will be getting into some of these high value-added segments, our current segments 
of core agro and textile and AHN will keep seeing their latent growth happening 
parallelly. Even in Personal Care, the phenoxy business where we are one of  the 
largest globally and with the new capacities coming up, we are getting into newer 
markets across the globe. 
===== PDF PAGE 19 =====
 Page 18 of 18  
The North American market we are looking at both for the personal care and the agro 
business. In the Latin America, we are already strong in agro , we are trying to build 
the business there. Again in textile, we are ramping up our exports business through 
Bangladesh, the Southeast Asia, Asian countries, through Thailand and also Turkey 
and Brazil. These are some of the markets within textiles where we expect the export 
growth to outperform our domestic growth in textile. 
Similarly, AHN with this new premix facility coming up, we should see this part of this 
ramp-up happening this year and a full -scale premix facility capacity enhancement 
in the next year. All these I think are plans that we have on the table, I think that is 
what makes us pretty bullish on that at least a minimum 15% growth coming in FY27. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from 360 ONE Capital. 
Rohit Nagraj: Just one clarification on the institutional business. We have been seeding this 
business, but FY26 performance has been relatively muted with expanding losses. 
How are we looking at it in terms of scaling up and when do we now expect 
breakeven happening? Is it going to be FY27 - FY28, any timeline on that? 
Sunil Chari: In FY27, we should look at breakeven or even profitability, along with the divestment 
of some lower -margin businesses or those that contributed to EBITDA losses.  We 
feel that FY27 should be a very good year for the institutional business. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the conference over 
to the management for closing comments. 
Edward Menezes: Thank you, everyone. I hope we have been able to answer all your questions 
satisfactorily. Should you need any further clarifications or would like to know more 
about the company, please feel free to contact our team or CDR India. Thank you 
once again for taking the time to join us on this call, and good evening. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for 
clarity. The Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a 
high level of accuracy. 
 