
===== PDF PAGE 1 =====
 
October 27, 2025 
 
DCS-CRD 
BSE Limited 
First Floor, New Trade Wing 
Rotunda Building, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort Mumbai 400001 
Fax No.2272 3121/2037/2039 
 
Stock Code: 543213 
Listing Compliance 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1, ‘G’ Block, Bandra- Kurla 
Complex Bandra East Mumbai 400051 
Fax No.2659 8237/8238 
 
Stock Code: ROSSARI 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub.: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on October 17, 2025 for Q2 FY26 
 
Ref.:  Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligation s and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and with reference to our intimation dated October 09, 
2025, regarding Earnings Conference call with Analyst(s) /Investor(s) held on Friday, October 17, 2025, 
we would like to inform that the transcript of the aforesaid conference call is enclosed herewith and the 
same is also available on the website of the Company at www.rossari.com/announcement under the 
head ‘Investor Call’.  
 
The same may please be taken on record and suitably disseminated to all concerned. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Sincerely,  
 
For Rossari Biotech Limited 
 
 
 
 
_______________________ 
Parul Gupta 
Head - Company Secretary & Legal  
Membership No.: A38895 
 
Encl.: as above 
 

===== PDF PAGE 2 =====
 Page 1 of 19  
 
 
Rossari Biotech Limited  
Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript  
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Ros sari Biotech Limited Earnings 
Conference Call.  
 Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over 
to Mr. Mitesh Jain. Thank you and over to you, Mr. Jain. 
Mitesh Jain: Thank you. Good afternoon everyone, and thank you for joining us on Ros sari 
Biotech Limited’s Q2 FY26 earnings conference call.  
We have with us Mr. Edward Menezes, Promoter and Executive Chairman, Mr. Sunil 
Chari, Promoter and Managing Director, and Mr. Ketan Sabl ok, Group Chief 
Financial Officer of the company.  
We will begin the call with opening remarks from the management, following which 
we will have the forum open for a question-and-answer session. 
 Before we start, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's call 
may be forward-looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in 
the earnings presentation shared with you all earlier.  
I would now like to invite Mr. Edward Menezes to make his opening remarks. Over 
to you, sir. 
Edward Menezes: Thank you Mitesh, and good afternoon everyone, and thank you for joining us on our 
earnings conference call. It is a pleasure to have you with us today as we discuss 
our Q2 FY2026 operational and financial performance.  
We are pleased to share that our revenues for Q2 FY26 grew by 18 % YoY, driven 
by healthy volume expansion across all three of our core businesses.  While the 
operating environment remained dynamic during the quarter, underlying demand 

===== PDF PAGE 3 =====
 Page 2 of 19  
across segments stayed firm. The HPPC, TSC, and AHN businesses each 
registered healthy YoY growth, supported by improved volumes and steady 
customer uptake. Although a subdued pricing environment impacted realizations, 
our broad product mix and diversification helped cushion the overall impact on 
growth. 
 Innovation and R&D remain central to Rossari's growth journey. Over the past six to 
nine months, our teams have developed new products, both in Ethylene Oxide-
based and non- EO-based, guided by green chemistry principles to deliver 
sustainable, scalable, and customized solutions for customers across industries. 
These developments strengthen our technology pipeline and enhance our ability to 
address emerging global trends and export opportunities in advanced chemistries 
and performance formulation. 
 On the manufacturing front, we are pleased to announce the successful 
commissioning of an additional 20,000 metric tons per annum capacity at our Dahej 
facility and 15,000 metric tons per annum of ethoxylation capacity at Unitop, marking 
the first phase of the planned 30,000 metric tons per annum expansion. The second 
phase and other capacity additions are progressing well and are expected to be 
commissioned over the coming quarters.  
With these new capacities coming on stream and a robust pipeline of new products 
developed through focused R&D, we remain optimistic about sustaining healthy 
growth momentum in the coming fiscal year. 
 With this, I now invite Mr. Sunil Chari to share additional perspectives on our 
business performance and strategic priorities. 
Sunil Chari: Thank you, Edward-ji, and a warm Namaste to everyone.  
Q2 FY26 reflected a strong growth trajectory across our four verticals with HPPC, 
TSC, , and AHN divisions growing 16%, 21%, and 29% YoY respectively. The 
performance was largely volume led, supported by deeper customer engagement, a 
broad-based product portfolio and expanding application coverage across industries. 
 On the export front, our international business delivered robust growth with exports 
rising 36% YoY in Q2 and 27% in H1. This growth was driven by improved traction 
with key customers, higher wallet share with strategic partners, and deeper 
penetration in both existing and new geographies. We now derived nearly 28% of 
our overall revenues from exports, highlighting the expanding scale of our 
===== PDF PAGE 4 =====
 Page 3 of 19  
international franchise and the significant opportunities emerging across global 
markets. 
 As Edward-ji mentioned, our new ethoxylation capacity at Unitop is now operational, 
marking an important milestone in strengthening our manufacturing base. The 
continuous-loop Ethoxylation technology at the new facility will offer improved 
efficiency, higher throughput, and better product consistency, which will help us 
optimize utilization and support higher output levels. Our existing Ethoxylation 
facilities are currently running at optimal utilization levels, and we have adequate EO 
availability to support them. 
 From a long-term perspective, we continue to explore avenues beyond our footprint 
in global ethoxylate markets. To support this initiative, our board has approved an 
investment of up to USD  8 million in Ros sari International Limited Company, our 
wholly owned subsidiary in Saudi Arabia. The proposed investment will be made in 
tranches and is intended to evaluate and expansion plans which align with the 
company's strategy to enhance its global presence and strengthen its position in 
international markets. 
 With that, I once again thank you for your continued support. I now invite Ketanji to 
share the financial highlights for the quarter. 
Ketan Sablok: Thank you Mr. Chari and good evening, everyone. Let me take you through the 
financial highlights for the quarter ended September 30th, 2025.  
In Q2 FY26, we have reported revenues of Rs. 586.1 crore, a growth of 18% Yo Y, 
led by robust volume performance across all our three verticals, HPPC, TSC, and 
AHN. While volume supported the top line, profitability remained steady, reflecting 
the impact of subdued pricing and continued investment towards scaling up new 
business initiatives. As these initiatives begin to contribute more meaningfully to the 
revenues, we expect profitability to strengthen progressively.  
Our institutional and B2C business remained soft during the quarter, growing around 
1% YoY and 7% quarter-on-quarter. However, it is encouraging that losses in these 
verticals have reduced, driven by our efforts to improve profitability and operational 
efficiency. We remain committed to building this as a high potential platform for a 
long-term focus on scale and sustainable performance.  
EBITDA stood at Rs. 71.9 crore with a margin of 12.3% compared to 13.2% in Q2 
last year. Excluding the institutional and B2C verticals, our core EBITDA remained 
steady at around 15%. Expenses have increased over the period. Much of these are 
===== PDF PAGE 5 =====
 Page 4 of 19  
in line with our growth initiatives, capacity expansion, and some businesses being in 
their growth phase. We remain confident that as these initiatives scale up and reach 
operational maturity, they will contribute to margin improvement in the future.  
On the capex front, we have made significant progress with successful 
commissioning of our new capacities during the quarter. These additions take us 
closer to our total planned capital outlay of Rs. 192 crore, with the remaining projects 
to be commissioned and capitalized over the next few months.  These projects are 
being funded through a prudent mix of internal accruals and debt and are expected 
to deliver 3-4x asset turns at full utilization.  
On the balance sheet front, we remain strong, supported by healthy liquidity, 
conservative leverage, and sufficient headroom to support ongoing growth initiatives. 
 The net working capital was higher during this quarter, where we ended at 102 days 
compared to 95 days in March. Given the slightly tight business conditions, some of 
the receivables have got stretched, and also a major institutional sale which we did 
in Q2 has a long payment cycle. However, all the receivables are good and have a 
long relation with us. Inventory levels have been kept marginally high due to strategic 
stocking of certain raw materials and semi-finished goods.  
As we enter the second half of FY26, our focus remains on disciplined execution, 
operational efficiency and scaling innovation- led businesses. With recent 
investments in place and our operating framework firmly established, we aim to 
prioritize enhancing capacity utilization, deepen market presence, and broaden our 
product portfolio, as well as unlock new opportunities across customer segments and 
geographies as we drive this next phase of the growth journey. 
 Thank you, everyone, and I would now request the moderator to open the floor for 
questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will now begin the question- and-answer session. The first question 
comes on the line of Rehan Saiyyed with Trinetra Asset Managers. Please go ahead. 
Rehan Saiyyed: We have commissioned an additional 10,000 million tons of capacity at Dahej. So, 
could you share how utilization levels are ramping up and what increase in revenue 
potential this has caused us to deliver full capacity? 
Ketan Sablok: I am sorry, Mr. Saiyyed, you were not clear, but what I could gather was you were 
talking about the capitalization that has happened at Dahej and how the scale- up is 
going to happen? 
===== PDF PAGE 6 =====
 Page 5 of 19  
Rehan Saiyyed: Yes. 
Ketan Sablok: This plant has got capitalized in this quarter. The scale- up is going to happen over 
the next 2-3 years and our assessment is that by FY28, we should be reaching the 
peak utilization of this capex. 
Rehan Saiyyed: Okay. You have mentioned FY28, right? 
Ketan Sablok: Yes. 
Rehan Saiyyed: Yes. Also, my second and last question is multiple capacity expansion, global 
initiatives, and ongoing investments. How do you plan to manage working capital 
and maintain a healthy leverage profile in near term? 
Ketan Sablok: All the capacity expansions that are happening are happening in a phased manner. 
It's not that we are going for multiple expansions at one go. We are very mindful of 
how much of leverage we can do in terms of the balance sheet and the profitability 
numbers that come in. 
 There are certain initiatives which are still at the exploratory stage. T hese will 
probably come up 1 -2 years down the line, assuming that we understand that it 
makes sense for us to do. Some of them are more exploratory, and we will be mindful 
of in terms of leveraging and funding these capex. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Pranav Doshi with Ardeko Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Pranav Doshi: My first question is on our growth in export momentum has been very strong. And 
which are the geographies which are driving the growth? And which are the emerging 
geographies which will help us in sustaining or even increasing our sales momentum 
in the export market going ahead? Yes, that is my first question. 
Sunil Chari: Yes. We have now been targeting for quite some time geographies other than the 
Americas and the Europe, where traditionally we have been doing majority of our 
exports. The new geographies are Far East, Southe ast, and the MENA region. And 
we have seen growth in all these countries in the last quarter. 
Pranav Doshi: So like those would be the emerging geographies then, right? C urrently, that would 
be like less than 10% of our sales, the Far East and the MENA region? 
Sunil Chari: I do not have bifurcation of each of these countries. But  we have been able to grow 
very well in these countries. 
===== PDF PAGE 7 =====
 Page 6 of 19  
Pranav Doshi: Okay, sure, sir. And my next question is on that there is a sharp rise in the other 
expenses for the quarter. While I understand that it is on the investment front. Can 
you help me and provide a breakup of the same so that I can better understand the 
nature of these expenses? Like, exactly which head would have increased for the 
other expenses for this quarter? 
Ketan Sablok: Yes. The other expenses have generally grown on the sales SG&A side. T he major 
heads are freight expenses and traveling expenses. These are the ones which have 
gone -up and then we also had  some additional expense during this quarter on 
maintenance, which is to the tune of almost Rs. 3.5 crore, that's a major expense we 
have had in our Tristar and also in our Dahej facility. 
Pranav Doshi: Okay and let's say incrementally going forward like how do we see this head moving. 
I am asking just because let's say YoY our sales has grown by around 18%, while 
this head has grown on 27%. And you talked about increase in the expense because 
of investment. I was just trying to understand that piece? 
Ketan Sablok: Some of these expenses have also increased in our B2C business, the institutional 
and the B2C business. But overall, we expect that the expense levels should be at 
the H1 levels that we have reached now. We should be around that kind of levels for 
the rest of the year. 
Pranav Doshi: Okay. So, like H2 over H1 there would not be much of an incremental growth? 
Ketan Sablok: No, that's what we expect. 
Pranav Doshi: Okay. And, sir, on the investments that we are undertaking. While I understand that 
we were building that manpower capacity for the institutional business. And now we 
are also doing some more investments. I just want to understand that, which are the 
investments in the business that we have made in this quarter and what kind of 
results are we expecting from the same? 
Ketan Sablok: In the B2C business, we  have generally made investments. These are basically 
OPEX expenses,  large quantity of that has gone in selling related expense. S ome 
of the large exhibitions in the cleaning space is what has come up in this quarter. We 
have done almost about 2-3 large exhibitions where we took up large spaces, spent 
a lot of money. And these are not only in India, we did a couple of them also in the 
Middle Eastern countries just to showcase our capabilities in the institutional space.  
Hopefully, that is a little far -fetched plan of ours. We can get some institutional 
businesses in the MENA region, but this was the first steppingstone that we have 
done in this quarter. 
===== PDF PAGE 8 =====
 Page 7 of 19  
Pranav Doshi: Right, sir. So, then just on the like institutional business front. I think our EBITDA 
losses, QoQ they've decreased in this business and like if you see the base business 
and the EBITDA margin was around 15.8% the last year and now it's 14.8%. So, 
then what was the reason for that decrease, given that I think majority of the 
investments have gone into the institutional business? 
Ketan Sablok: Yes but see these also have a lot to do with the kind of product mix. And as I said, 
there were some additional expenses on the maintenance side of the core business, 
the B2B business, which has brought down that margin by about a percent compared 
to last year. And We have always guided, and we will remain with a shorn of the B2C 
and institutional business, we should be ranging between 14% - 16% in the core B2B 
business. 
Pranav Doshi: Okay. And just finally on the newer facility, the EO facility that w e have 
commissioned. While I understand that the new Reliance plant is coming in 
September or October of 2026. So, until then, what kind of an availability do we see 
so that what kind of a ramp -up we can expect in the next year or so until the newer 
availability of the Ethylene Oxide is available? 
Sunil Chari: We will be using the facilities for manufacturing non-Ethylene Oxide products or non-
EO products. We are working in the R&D with a range of products for non-Ethoxylate 
which includes esters and emulsifiers. There are also many enzyme formulations, 
biocides, and disinfectants . We will be ramping up these products. A whole lot of 
about 50 products are in pipeline for us to start manufacturing there. 
Pranav Doshi: Okay. If I am correct, then I think this was originally meant for the EO, but then now 
we are focusing on the non-EO chemistry. Is it fungible then? 
Sunil Chari: Yes for chemicals  it is always fungible, we can do non- EO reactions in the EO 
vessels. We cannot do E thoxylation in non-EO vessels. So, that is not possible but  
vice versa is possible. 
Pranav Doshi: Okay. So, we will be majorly focusing on the non-EO chemistry then. And yes so just 
a final question. So, I think, again We have grown our sales very well. So, 18% is a 
great growth and like given the constraint capacity, since we are already operating 
at the optimal level, but let's say incrementally, when can we expect the margins so 
that the investments are done and the margins to actually bottom out then and then 
possibly move towards the 13% - 14% range that we are guiding on a stable level? 
Ketan Sablok: I think once these capacities come full stream and the EO availability comes in from 
the next year, I think we should see some improvement in the margin because the 
===== PDF PAGE 9 =====
 Page 8 of 19  
new facility that we have  set up is a more advanced and a continuous facility 
compared to the batch facility that we have now. So, that's when we expect and also 
the fact that we are not very sure how globally the issues with respect to tariff, 
etcetera are going to pan out. And so there is a little bit of a pressure on the pricing 
front because a lot of the end customers are asking for price reductions, though we 
have not done any of that in this quarter, but September onwards we faced a lot of 
resistance from the customers in terms of the pricing. This year I think, at least now 
it's a little difficult for us to really predict how the year is going to end up, but if we 
can maintain these kinds of margins for this year I think we would be quite happy. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Prachi Badade with Phillip Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Prachi Badade: Sir my question was on textile chemicals. Do we expect a degrowth from here or on 
the whole year basis are we expecting a mid-teen kind of growth.  
Edward Menezes: Prachi, as you know, because of the tariffs on textile exports to the US, a lot of home 
textiles and terry towel companies are under pressure, as well as a lot of garment 
manufacturers which exports to the US are under pressure because of the 50% tariff. 
So, I believe that although this quarter textile chemicals did pretty well, there was a 
10% growth QoQ, but we believe that there will be headwinds because of the tariffs. 
And also not only headwinds in terms of sales, but also there would be some margin 
pressure. Many of the suppliers are planning to kind of share the risk based on case-
to-case basis. If there is tariff, then they would share the risk and if the tariffs are 
reversed, then that risk will be reversed. So, that is the kind of strategy people are 
using and just like the tariffs are arm twisting us, similarly, our customers are also 
arm twisting to reduce prices. The pressure has just begun. So, we do not know how 
it will pan out because everybody is waiting and watching. 
Prachi Badade: Okay. Sir, and my second question was on non- EO business. Sir, do we have any 
in-hand order book or when do we expect the revenue from this non- isolator part in 
our top line? 
Sunil Chari: We should see revenue ramping up every quarter. Now, a lot of it depends on how 
this uncertain situation is developing, especially with related  to tariff. Because with 
the tariffs and the situation in Europe, we are not very sure about what will happen. 
We are hoping for the best and we hope to see improved revenues every quarter.  
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Sanjesh Jain with ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
===== PDF PAGE 10 =====
 Page 9 of 19  
Sanjesh Jain: Yes. Good evening, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. I have got a few questions.  
Sunil Chari: Good evening, sir. How are you? 
Sanjesh Jain: Good evening, sir. Great sir. Thank you. First of all, happy Diwali and happy 
Dhanteras to the entire Rossari team. 
Sunil Chari: Happy Diwali to all. 
Sanjesh Jain:  A couple of questions. First on the new capacity which has come up, I thought we 
were running short only on E thoxylate capacity and non- ethoxylate capacity we 
already had enough. Now, how does this new capacity coming in and not having 
enough EO is going to help us? 
Sunil Chari: We grew 20% practically in volumes based on the non-EO capacity. The capacity of 
EO is already fully utilized. 
Sanjesh Jain: No. That is what I am telling. We already have enough capacity on non- EO and we 
are already growing there, no doubt. And a commendable job. What I am telling, EO 
capacity coming in, which we have just commissioned, how it is going to aid the non-
EO facility because I do not think that we have ever mentioned having faced any 
capacity issue on the non-EO side of the business. 
Sunil Chari: No. I said that we can use this reactor wherever needed for non- EO production and 
once, the capacity which is coming up is called MDEA, which is methyl 
diethanolamine, which is a continuous E thoxylation facility where we cannot do 
anything else other than MDEA and some amines that is not fungible. But the 
reactors, the ethoxylation reactors can be used for non- ethoxylation if required. But 
the non-ethoxylation reactor cannot be used for it. 
Sanjesh Jain: Chari ji, that I understood. I said that, are we facing issue even in a non- EO side of 
the business? 
Sunil Chari: No not at all. We have enough capacity in the non- EO. But what is happening is 
there are some reactions which are special. For example, when we do distillation, 
then the size of the column is very important. The condenser size is very important. 
And what h appens there is, in all the reactors, the size of the distillation column is 
not the same. Sometimes we have some reactors where high temperatures are 
required. So, there we have to use high-term liquid, which is the boiler to get higher 
temperatures and there are some steam- based reactors where only steam can be 
used. We cannot use higher temperatures. So, that could be the constraint b ut 
otherwise, there is no constraint in non- EO production. For certain kinds of 
===== PDF PAGE 11 =====
 Page 10 of 19  
esterification reactions, where again we require high distillation, we have some sub-
capacity constraints. But we are in the new capacity which is approved. We are doing 
small, small additions and reactions, reaction capabilities wherever we do not have 
such kind of reaction. 
Sanjesh Jain: Got it. Second question is for Edward ji. Sir, you said that you are looking or we have 
developed a very strong pipeline on the product, new chemistry, new product. Can 
you help us understand how many new products, what application they deal in, what 
is th e market we are looking at in terms of addressable market, and any initial 
customer approval that we have received, some color over that will really help us? 
Edward Menezes: Some of the products very recently that we have developed are the biosurfactant. 
The earlier facility was a pilot facility, which was  in little bit in excess of 1 ton. Now, 
we have ramped up this facility to about 10 tons. So, the biosurfactants is something 
that we are looking at to make about 250 tons plus in the year. These are 
sophorolipids and some research has already been initiated for the rhamnolipids. 
This is one kind of product that we have introduced in the recent past. 
 Then we have coco-aminopropyl butane, that is CAPB. We have CDEA that we have 
developed. And we had some color issues in the past, which have been solved 
recently. Similarly, the silicon block polymers were basically made at our subsidiary 
company Romakk. Again, there the capacities were much smaller than what we have 
installed at Rossari. We have ramped up our silicon-based products. Another product 
that we have successfully introduced is the silicon surfactant, which is a super wetter 
which goes into agr o and which goes into other textile formulation.  This is another 
product that we have introduced into the marketplace. We have stabilized our ester 
quad for softeners and various esters like SMO, SML, SMS. All these products have 
been now scaled up to produce, I mean, to give us volumes in place of the Ethoxylate 
capacity constraint. Finally, we have also now established a full range of spin finish 
products for staple polyester, for POY as well as for the FDY polymer. In the past, 
our NMMO production capaci ty was about 150 tons. We have done quite a lot of 
work in developing better processes and more efficient production processes to 
increase this production from 150 to about 300 tons now. A lot of work has gone into 
these chemicals. 
Apart from that, we had installed the cold powder producing technology for this 
polyethylene glycols. A lot of work had gone into that for stabilizing the product. Now, 
the final plant is under commissioning, and I think our R&D work will help us also to 
go into that direction. 
===== PDF PAGE 12 =====
 Page 11 of 19  
Apart from these products in the animal health and nutrition, we have introduced 
short and medium chain fatty acids as a new product category to improve gut health 
and for the reduction of antibiotic dosing in poultry. And finally, I am happy to say 
that we have developed a lot of improved formulations both in the vitamin premix and 
the mineral premix which will now go into production.  
By the end of this month, this plant is under trial now, I mean they call it water trials. 
This plant is under trial, both the biosurfactant as well as this plant is under trial now. 
The new formulations for vitamin premix as well as the mineral premix mixes will go 
on stream. I think there is a whole lot of product development that we have done in 
the recent past. 
One other product in textiles is also stabilized now which is the silicone wax lubricant 
for which we had installed a special homogenizer for this product. T his product has 
been accepted in the market now. After the hard work of our R&D, we had a lot of 
teething problems in this. 
If you see all these developments in addition to a lot of esters being developed, some 
new products which I do not want to reveal at the present moment, some new 
products also are being developed in the non- EO stage because of the delay in the 
expansion, as a delay in the expansion of reliance. 
Sanjesh Jain: Got it. That is quite clear and quite elaborate. Thanks, Edward ji. The third question 
is on the Buzil-Rossari. The revenue growth of 1.4% looks quite muted v/s  what we 
have been doing for last 2-3 years where the growth was upwards of 25%. What led 
to this sudden drop in the growth rate in the Buzil side? 
Sunil Chari: We have been restricting low margin products and trying to filter out some kind of 
range. The focus for the team was given is trying to improve margins in this, and that 
was the reason why we did not focus on the growth there. But growth will certainly 
come there. 
Sanjesh Jain: Okay. The last question again on the margin. We have significantly cut the losses in 
the Buzil at the overall margin improvement i n fact, it has deteriorated sequentially. 
YoY, there is a sharp drop. How much of these investments are what we are doing 
is one time in nature or these are all largely recurring in nature? 
Ketan Sablok: Sanjesh, on the expense side, I think there were a few one- time charges that have 
happened in this quarter. This quarter, approximately about Rs. 2.5 crore out of the 
total expense is a one- time kind of an expense that we had to do. Hopefully, these 
will not come in the next following quarters. Otherwise, the expenses are generally 
===== PDF PAGE 13 =====
 Page 12 of 19  
in line with the business. S ome freight and all as I said, a lot of the exports that we 
did,  because of the issues of tariff and all, in certain cases, while we did not drop 
the prices, there were certain freight expenses which we took to our account. Those 
have also hit us in this quarter b ut that I think is not a one time. At least for the next 
two quarters, we will keep having those kind of expenses. 
Sanjesh Jain: Got it. Margin expansion largely rests in FY27, right? FY26 should be about similar 
range. 
Ketan Sablok: Yes. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Rajit Aggarwal with Nilgiri 
Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 
Rajit Aggarwal: Good afternoon, sir. This is regarding your operating cash flows, which turned 
negative as of September 2025 and you mentioned, you had a brief mention about 
the working capital getting extended. D o you see that persisting in the coming 
quarters or do you see that trend reversing? 
Ketan Sablok: No. This quarter, we had, as I already talked about, a little stretch on the working 
capital. I think that led to this negative cash flow. Hopefully, things will ease out in 
the coming 2 quarters and we should be back to the positive number by the end of 
the year. 
Rajit Aggarwal: Right, sir. Now, just to understand your overall strategy around managing the 
balance sheet, and this is not a question from leverage point of view or debt to 
EBITDA point of view. It's more to understand how you're going to finance the 
requirements coming  up. Let's say the working capital stays stretched. You have 
substantial capex coming up.  You have also committed investments in Saudi Arabia 
and Southeast Asia. And you have actually raised a large amount of short-term debt 
during the last six months. I mean, do you see yourself raising long- term funds and 
what will be the kind of debt number as of FY26? I mean, if you can explain how you 
are looking at or how you're approaching funding your cash flows and your capex 
and your investments? 
Ketan Sablok: Yes. As I said sometime earlier today that most of these capex, the large ones, the 
cash flows have already happened. Now, the other capex which we have 
announced, they are going to come over the next, about a year or so. And there is a 
substantial spread in these capex. W e expect that the cash flows internal would be 
good enough. And we are not averse to taking, further debt on the balance sheet to 
fund some of these expansions which we have announced. 
===== PDF PAGE 14 =====
 Page 13 of 19  
 On the working capital front, I think this was a temporary glitch which has happened 
because of the various business environment reasons. Once the Agro season now 
slowly tapers off, the collections will start improving. We had seen this even in the 
last year. 
 The Q2 becomes a little stretched with the A gro season being around this time. But 
by the end of the year, we were very comfortable in terms of our cash flows  and in 
terms of further leveraging our balance sheet, I think we have a lot of options in terms 
of raising debt or capital  but those calls will take only when some of these projects 
which we are planning actually see the light of the day or are a little more advanced. 
The current investments in Southeast Asia or Thailand that we have done, that will 
also come on stream by the end of Q3. That is a small capex.  It is not a very large 
payout because that is just a blending unit that we are setting up there. We will see 
how that pans out and then if required, we will set up a little more expanded facilities 
there. But the current one is pretty small. 
 On the KSA front, I think we are still a little while away in terms of our plans. The 
announcement that we did was only because we wanted to explore a little more in 
KSA in terms of doing some feasibility studies and talk to the ministries in KSA a nd 
that was the reason why we had taken that approval, a small approval of $8- odd 
million in case we need to expend something there for further understanding the 
business profile and the project that we are going to set up.  That funding too will be 
spaced out. As and when we need, we will be infusing this capital over there. So that 
is what the plan is. However, if something strategic comes up, say a large one in 
India and outside India, then at that time we will take necessary calls in how we 
would like to fund those capex. 
Rajit Aggarwal: In terms of numbers, the first half saw an outflow of about Rs. 142 crore for capex. 
This number is not going to go up drastically, maybe another Rs. 5 crore – Rs. 10 
crore more? 
Ketan Sablok: Yes, it should go up by another Rs. 20 crore – Rs. 25 crore, not more than that. 
Rajit Aggarwal: Rs. 20 crore – Rs. 25 crore. And the debt figure should also stabilize at the current 
number? 
Ketan Sablok: Yes. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Tanvi Warekar with Anand Rathi 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
===== PDF PAGE 15 =====
 Page 14 of 19  
Tanvi Warekar: Hello, sir. Good afternoon. I just want to ask some clarification regarding the reported 
numbers for Unitop capacity. In FY22 and FY23 Annual Report, the Unitop capacity 
is reported at around 86,000 tons, whereas in FY24, the reported capacity is 60,000 
tons. Could you just elaborate what is the difference here? 
Ketan Sablok: Which two years you said? 
Tanvi Warekar: FY22 and FY23, it is reported as 86,000 tons? 
Ketan Sablok: Okay, got it. In FY22, FY23, the Unitop had 3 facilities. One was at Dahej, the other 
one was at Patalganga, and the third one is at Jammu. Post that, we closed down 
the Patalganga facility, and that's the capacity difference that you see. 
Tanvi Warekar: Okay, understood. And if you could just give us the differential between the 
Ethoxylate and non-Ethoxylate-based utilization levels for the capacity? 
Sunil Chari: Ethoxylation, we have about 30,000 tons at Unitop Dahej, which is practically running 
to the full production capacity, which is possible. We are utilizing the assets like 24/7, 
365 days. And in fact, even in Diwali this time, we are running the assets because 
this month there is an EO shortage because the Dahej plant of Reliance is not 
operational. There is a sudden problem in some manufacturing asset in Dahej, where 
we are only getting a single kilo EO from Dahej in this month. W e are running even 
Diwali now. T he non- Ethoxylation capacity is mostly blending and then blending 
capacity normally always is, could be run 3 shifts or you do not run 3 shifts. And the 
blending capacity is not so expensive to put up. Normally we put up higher capacities 
to keep it operational when we have the opportunity to get bigger orders. 
Tanvi Warekar: Yes, so this newly announced capacity of 13,000 tons in Rossari, is this in the Dahej 
facility or Silvassa and what will this be used for? 
Sunil Chari: It is in Dahej. Because Unitop is at  Dahej and there is some blending capacity in 
Jammu. Jammu, the capacity is not too big. It is only for servicing the local Agro-
customers. We are adding, you know, trying to add some capacity there, but it is 
mostly blending in Jammu and in Dahej. 
Tanvi Warekar: No, I meant 13,000 tons which was announced last quarter. 
Sunil Chari: That is in Dahej. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Madhur Rathi with Counter Cyclical 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
===== PDF PAGE 16 =====
 Page 15 of 19  
Madhur Rathi: Yes, sir. So, what kind of revenue potential are we looking at with the capex that we 
are doing for this year? So, what is the revenue potential that we could generate from 
that? 
Ketan Sablok: This capex would give us an asset turn of about 4x at its peak utilization. 
Madhur Rathi: And so, that is also the number that we should consider for our current asset base 
or is it lower or higher for that? 
Ketan Sablok: No, it is around that same number. 
Madhur Rathi: Sir Rs. 3,500-odd crore revenue potential, is it a fair assumption? 
Ketan Sablok: Yes, with this additional capacity, that is a fair assumption. 
Madhur Rathi: Sir, for the last 3 years, our gross margin is kind of stagnant. With the new capacity 
coming in, sir, where do we see our gross margin improving as the either value -
added products or the new products that we are planning ramps up? 
Sunil Chari: We expect the gross margin to remain the same in the coming quarters. The world 
is really very uncertain, and you can understand where other chemical companies 
are going. I think we are proud of our performance that we continue to break records 
and grow QoQ every quarter. 
 In the B2B business, traditional B2B business, the chemicals , the institutional 
chemicals and the consumer businesses, we continue to have a healthy 15% 
EBITDA. We would like to continue the same guidance and not project anything 
increased now at this moment. If we are able to grow, on the absolute terms in terms 
of profits is something which we are focused on and I think we will be able to achieve 
that. 
Madhur Rathi: Sir, if even on a 2-3 year basis, as most of these capacities reach optimum utilization, 
still then we should consider a 15% EBITDA margin and the similar 30% gross 
margin or can we expect an improvement on that as well? 
Ketan Sablok: No. So, see sitting today, I would not hazard a guess 3 years down the line how the  
market would behave, but I think shorn off the consumer institutional business, I think 
we would be at anything between 14% - 16% kind of margin levels. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes on the line of Pranav Doshi with Ardeko Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
===== PDF PAGE 17 =====
 Page 16 of 19  
Pranav Doshi: Yes, good afternoon, sir. So, thank you for the follow -up. Just one question. We 
talked about tariff and the pricing pressures related to the same. So, I just wanted to 
confirm that around 12% - 14% of our exports go to US. So, only that portion of the 
revenue or the pricing pressure will be for that part, right? 
Edward Menezes: No. What is happening is in certain areas, the chemicals that we supply go into 
textiles which are exported to USA. So, A.) is the 10%-12% which we export directly 
and B.) is we supply chemicals locally to exporters who produce the fabric. So, both 
ways there will be a hit. 
Sunil Chari: To add to what Edward sir said, we have, for example, customers in the A gro-
formulations, the pesticide, fungicide, herbicide and pesticide. Many of these 
customers who we were supplying in the agro- industry they were exporting their 
Agro-formulations, the pesticide, pesticide, herbicide formulations to US and now 
that is under tariff but also, there are a lot of products which are not under tariff but 
our US customers are not willing to import, not willing, even orders which have been 
given are not being lifted. They say, we are not sure that tomorrow there is no tariff 
now and tomorrow new tariff will come. Every day, there is uncertainty on what is 
going to be happening next. This uncertainty is killing. Similarly, we had a lot of textile 
chemical formulators who were buying our Ethoxylate and who were supplying to the 
textile industry and these have come into trouble. There were home and personal 
care customers who were making formulations for Walmart and Cosco and CVC. 
There are a lot many customers who are exporting to US and now everything is 
under cloud. In spite of all this, I think we have done admirably well in the last quarter. 
Given the situation, we could have done better, I think. 
Pranav Doshi: Okay. Just one question finally. Let's say, what is our indirect exposure to the US 
and like you talked about some of the agrochemical formulators as well as the textile 
chemical guys? So, then what would be our indirect exposure? 
Sunil Chari: We do not have any idea, because when a customer buys the surfactant from me, 
he does not tell me whether he's going to use for exports or he's going to look for the 
domestic market. But because orders are less in domestic also with some 
customers, we have been given that reason but they do not even share with us how 
much is their export figure is. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Priyank Chheda with Vallum 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Priyank Chheda: Yes. Hi, sir. This is Priyank here from Vallum Capital. Just another question on 
HPPC, which is 78% of your sales. I understand that there's a detergents and soaps 
===== PDF PAGE 18 =====
 Page 17 of 19  
which is one of the products. What would be the revenue contribution within HPPC 
coming from soaps and detergents? 
Sunil Chari: We do not have a breakup, and we do not share the breakup between Home Care, 
Personal Care, Performance Chemicals. And then a lot of these products go into 
different industries including agro, pharma, oil and gas, coatings, textiles, soaps, 
besides the Home and Personal Care. And we do not mai ntain it inside also the 
bifurcation industry-wise. 
Priyank Chheda: Fair enough. Would it be fair to say that this would be, soap and detergent would be 
one of the largest one within HPPC? 
Sunil Chari: No, Home Personal Care. We divide basically Home Care and Personal Care. The 
Home Care, Personal Care, Performance Chemicals, there would be a good 
distribution between these 3. 
Priyank Chheda: Understood. And on the same aspect, while you say that the balance 30% or 25% 
of your sales would get impacted given the tariff tensions within the textile space, the 
HPPC portion, which I suppose is purely domestic, that should continue to grow at 
double digits given the consumption boost that countries in India is witnessing. What 
would be your rough estimate or guidance around say HPPC as a division which is 
purely a domestic led? 
Sunil Chari: HPPC exports we have. 
Ketan Sablok: HPPC is not a domestic led business. HPPC is split between domestic and export is 
almost 30% is exported and balance 70% is domestic. The textile generally was at a 
split of 80 -20. Recently in this quarter, it has, the domestic has come down, but it 
has been more than made up by the exports. In textile, we have actively in the last 
6-10 months built up a lot of new geographies in Southeast Asia, North Africa, 
Turkey, Egypt, etc.. Some of that is now actually paying off because the domestic 
demand having softened for these reasons, the exports have not really got impacted. 
In fact, we have been able to grow in the export market in textile.  
Priyank Chheda: Understood. Very clear. One last thing, at the start of the year, we were guiding for 
a 15% kind of an EBITDA growth, which I am supposing for H1, it has been much 
lower than what we would have thought for FY26 as a full year. I somewhere heard 
you that saying that we still continue to maintain the same guidance. Is that correct 
understanding or should we think of revising the guidance for FY26? 
Ketan Sablok: No. We have said that for the balance year in terms of the EBITDA margins, we have 
guided that it will remain at the similar levels as the H1. In spite of pressures are 
===== PDF PAGE 19 =====
 Page 18 of 19  
rising and all, we are still hopeful that we will be able to push through this year with 
similar kind of margins and excluding the consumer and institutional business, we 
said we will be in the range of 14% - 16%. That's what we have guided. 
Priyank Chheda: 14% - 16% is the EBITDA margin guidance for H2. That is what the guidance is, the 
key takeaway, right?  
Ketan Sablok: Without the consumer business. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes to the line of Bhawana Israni with Ambit Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Bhawana Israni: Yes. Sir, last week there was a news that the US has sanctioned some distributors 
who are importing chemicals from Iran. W e have seen that the prices of some 
chemicals like methanol, acetic acid, and of the other chemicals has increased. So, 
how we are seeing this development, sir? Is there any impact for our business or 
how to read this? 
Sunil Chari: I think the major imports from Iran, one of the big ones was methanol. And methanol 
saw a spurt of Rs. 8 or Rs. 10 on the same day when this news came in. But methanol 
is not a very big raw material. Our consumption of methanol is very small. Acetic acid 
also was there, but acetic acid as a percentage of imports into India from Iran of the 
total imports was very negligible. It is not very big. The major acetic acid comes from 
Singapore and from China and from Saudi. And we also have a domestic producer, 
which is GNFC, which has a good capacity. For us, of course, there will be some 
other products which will be coming from Iran, but nothing is so substantial to cause 
any disruption.  With times even I think methanol will find the right pricing and 
availability here. So, there should also not be, even for big methanol customers, 
there should not be a big issue in the future. 
Moderator: Next question comes from the line of Rajit Aggarwal with Nilgiri Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Rajit Aggarwal: Thank you for the follow-up, sir. Will it be possible to share the numbers, the top-line 
growth in terms of volume growth and declining realisations on an average basis? 
Ketan Sablok: No. As we said, the growth that has happened, most of it is a volume-driven growth. 
We do not give a specific in terms of the numbers. 
Rajit Aggarwal: If there was a realisation there, it would be marginal. It's not substantial. I am just 
trying to understand. 
===== PDF PAGE 20 =====
 Page 19 of 19  
Ketan Sablok: Yes. We have been able to hold on to prices at least for this quarter. 
Rajit Aggarwal: Right. And still on capacity, the Rs. 97 crore and Rs. 95 crore of capex that was 
announced in the last quarter, that is going to come on stream in FY27. Is that 
correct? 
Ketan Sablok: Yes, that's going to be happening in sometime in FY27. That has 5-6 projects that 
are part of that entire thing. S ome of them will happen a little earlier, some will 
happen a little later. In a phased manner, it's going to happen. 
Rajit Aggarwal: Right. At the end of FY26, we will have a capacity of about 385,000 tons, 
approximately? 
Ketan Sablok: Yes, approximately. 
Rajit Aggarwal: 385,000 tons is the number you can go to. Right. Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, we have 
reached the end of question- and-answer session. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Edward Menezes: Thank you, everyone. I hope we have been able to answer all your questions 
satisfactorily. Should you need any further clarifications or would like to know more 
about the company, please feel free to contact our team or CDR India. Thank you 
once again for taking the time to join us on this call and on behalf of Rossari, I wish 
all of you a very happy Diwali. Good evening. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for 
clarity. The Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a 
high level of accuracy. 
 