[[PAGE 1]]
 
 
 
13th June, 2025 
 
To,   
The Manager – Listing Department          
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai-400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 543620 
Symbol: INA 
 
Subject: Transcript of the  Earnings Conference Call  on the Financial Results for the Half Year and 
Year ended 31st March, 2025 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange  Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, Please find enclosed the 
transcript of the Earnings Conference Call on the Financial Results for the Half Year and Year ended 31st 
March, 2025, held on Monday, 9th June, 2025. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You, 
For and on behalf of Insolation Energy Limited 
 
 
Nitesh Sharma 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
ACS: 66702 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
  
 
[[PAGE 2]]
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Insolation Energy Limited 
 
H2 & FY25 Earnings Conference Call” 
June 09, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
      
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MANISH GUPTA – CHAIRMAN & WHOLE TIME 
DIRECTOR 
 MR. VIKAS JAIN – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
 MR. RAVI DUSAD – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
  
 
MODERATOR: MR. RAVI UDESHI – ERNST & YOUNG 
 
 
 

[[PAGE 3]]
  Insolation Energy Limited 
  June 09, 2025 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day , and welcome to Insolation Energy Limited H2 and FY25 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines should be in the listen-only mode, 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please s ignal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ravi Udeshi from Ernst & Young. Thank you, and over 
to you, Mr. Udeshi. 
Ravi Udeshi: Thank you, Renju. Good morning, friends. We welcome you to the H2 & FY25 Earnings 
Conference Call of Insolation Energy Limited. To take us through the results and to answer your 
questions, we have with us the top management from Insolation Energy Limited, represented by 
Mr. Manish Gupta, Chairman; Mr. Vikas Jain, Managing Director; and Mr. Ravi Dusad, CFO.  
We will start the call with a brief overview of the business and the current business update by 
Mr. Manish Gupta, and then Mr. Vikas Jain will give you his update on the financials. And post 
that, we'll open up the call for the question -and-answer session. As usual, the standard Safe 
Harbor clause applies as we start the call.  
With that said, I now hand over the floor to Manish ji. Over to you, Manish ji. 
Manish Gupta: Thank you, Ravi ji, and good morning to all. And thank you for joining us, the first earnings call 
of Insolation Energy Limited. Our story started in 2017 when we two aspiring entrepreneurs had 
started business with a vision of manufacturing world -class solar modules in India.  We have 
grown multi-fold over the years on the back of increasing manufacturing capacity, expanding 
our distribution network, adding EPC and IPP to our capabilities.  
Solar energy adoption is seeing increased adoption globally as it can be channelized easily. The 
global renewable energy market size is expected to increase from $1.1 trillion in 2024 to $2.1 
trillion by 2032, driven by increase in policies promoting the adoption of clean energy sources, 
coupled with decrease in cost of renewable energy production.  
Rising industrial power demand, expansion of energy storage solution, and accelerated growth 
of solar sector will be the catalyst of this increase. In terms of capacity, this translates 472 -
gigawatt by 2030 with solar and wind. The government's focus support for continued renewable 
energy semiconductors, electrical vehicles, and AI infrastructure is drawing global attention. 
Policy frameworks such as the PLI scheme for the renewable and climate financing mechanism 
are fostering long-term investment opportunities. Looking at the situation in India, it has around 
total 204-gigawatt of installed renewable capacity out of which solar is more than 50% that is 
reflecting more than 102-gigawatt installation capacity in our country and Rajasthan leads with 
more than 20% of the renewable energy capacity installation in India. I will now discuss the 
drivers for renewable energy in India. 
First is the government target of 500-gigawatt of non-fossil fuel capacity by 2030 which adding 
around 50  to 60-gigawatt annually. The second is climate change, a crucial aspect the 
[[PAGE 4]]
  Insolation Energy Limited 
  June 09, 2025 
Page 3 of 17 
 
government is focusing on. India ranks 7th on the climate change performance index and the 
government is focused on improving by reducing environmental impact of fossil fuels. 
With this in mind, the government is targeting 60% of the incremental power addition from 
renewable, 1 billion tons of carbon reduction and 5 million tons of green hydrogen production 
by 2030. The third is government initiative through financial aid. The g overnment is 
continuously upping the renewable energy allocation in the union budget which has increased 
from 75 billion in FY23 to 191 billion in FY24-FY25. 
And the fourth is the increasing investment in the renewable energy sector. Government permits 
up to 100% FDI under the automatic route making it easier for foreign investors to participate. 
In addition, the government has established a project development cell to attract foreign 
investors in renewable energy projects. 
Also, the government itself is increasing investment as it increased investment in solar power 
grid projects from $568 million in FY23-FY24 to $1.2 billion in FY24-FY25. Now, I will discuss 
some of the trends which we are seeing in the sector. The first one is increase in domestic solar 
rooftop installation led by increased renewable energy awareness, easy financing schemes and 
end-user subsidies. 
Second, the government is implementing the scheme for developing multiple ultra -mega solar 
power parks with a power generation capacity exceeding 40-gigawatt each. Thirdly, the cost of 
solar component is continuously decreasing, making energy increasing affordable. Fourth, under 
the renewable energy purchase obligation, the government has set a target of 43% share of 
renewable electricity from de-assigned entities by 2030, up from approximately 29% currently. 
Fifth, the government is developing infrastructure to support renewable energy including smart 
grids and energy storage solutions, and solar manufacturing and installation is creating strong 
job creation especially in rural areas. Currently, India having approx 88-gigawatt plus module 
manufacturing capacity, 20-gigawatt plus cell manufacturing capacity which will increase multi-
folds in near future and also the wafer manufacturing also adding in near future. 
All these trends create a virtuous cycle of growth for the sector and the nation. The current 
geopolitical situation is driving the diversification of supply chains. The concern of supply chain 
and manufacturing within a single country presents numerous disadvantages and is increasingly 
recognized as problematic by the Indian government. 
Hence, the government has imposed tariffs on import modules and fiscal incentives for local 
production to further strengthen the Indian solar manufacturing. These include approved list of 
modules and manufacturers which is called ALMM, mandating that solar  modules used in 
projects awarded by central and state PSU schemes and agencies be sourced exclusively from 
manufacturers list in the ALMM.  
Government has also announced approved list of cell manufacturers that is called ALCM set to 
be in effect from 1st June of 2026, mandating that all solar photovoltaic modules used in 
[[PAGE 5]]
  Insolation Energy Limited 
  June 09, 2025 
Page 4 of 17 
 
government, net metering and open access renewable energy projects should be used in ALMM 
and ALCM list. 
Through this, the government aims to foster a strong domestic solar supply chain, stimulate 
innovation, reduce the carbon footprint, associate with the solar module imports and bolster 
India's energy security.  
The PM KUSUM Yojana is a flagship scheme launched by the Government of India to promote 
solar energy adoption in the agriculture sector. It aims to provide energy and water security to 
our farmers, enhance their income, reduce dependence on diesel and other sources of energy and 
curb environmental pollution. 
The scheme is structured into three main components. KUSUM Component A has a target of 
installation more than 10,000 megawatt of grid-connected solar power plants ranging from 500 
kilowatt to 2,000 kilowatt. KUSUM Component B has a target of 17.5 lakh stand -alone solar 
pumps by March '26. The benefit farmers without any access to the power grid. The central 
government subsidizes around 60% of the cost and the means to replace diesel pump, reduce 
cost of irrigation and cut pollution.  
The third one is KUSUM Component C aims grid connector power to electric distribution 
company and all these above KUSUM scheme will ensure daytime power supply to farmer, 
enable us of their unproductive land, facilitate long-term climate resilience and move the country 
towards energy dependence.  In sum, the KUSUM scheme aims to more than 35 -gigawatt 
capacity addition up to March'26 through solarization of agriculture.  
The PM Surya Ghar Yojana is also a flexible initiative launched by the Government of India 
with the aim of installing home -roofed solar system in 1 crore household up to FY26-FY27, 
providing up to 300 units of electricity free per month to each beneficiary household. There are 
also emerging industries like data centers, EV charging and the green hydrogen boom which can 
act as a game changer for solar in future. 
All of the above drivers are expected to fuel demand for renewable energy in India from $23.9 
billion in 2024 to $46.7 billion by 2030. With this, solar energy is expected to increase from 
$11.8 billion in 2024 to $25.1 billion by 2030. Insolation has established itself as a trusted name 
in India's solar manufacturing ecosystem. 
We specialize in producing high -efficiency solar PV modules including Mono PERC and 
TOPCon N-Type technologies from our state-of-the-art facility in Rajasthan having a capacity 
of 950 megawatt. We aim to achieve greater scales; hence we are setting up a 3 -gigawatt solar 
module line in our new Unit 3 at Jaipur. 80% of this Unit 3 construction work is already 
completed and we expect it to operationalize within next 4 to 6 weeks. 
Insolation continues to prioritize backward integration; hence we are setting up a 4-gigawatt 
solar module, 3-gigawatt solar cell and 54,000 metric ton aluminium frame capacity expansion 
in Narmadapuram, MP where we have already secured possession of the land and machinery 
[[PAGE 6]]
  Insolation Energy Limited 
  June 09, 2025 
Page 5 of 17 
 
orders have been placed very soon and we expect to start construction by Q1FY26 and begin 
operations of our 3-gigawatt solar cell line by H1FY27.  
Our modules are BIS and IEC certified and meet the highest standards of performance and 
reliability. We have a strong focus on research and development. Our state-of-the-art equipment 
is well equipped to develop high efficiency solar solutions.  
Branding is very critical in this channel and we have established a robust network of 100 plus 
distributors and 300 plus dealers across 100 plus districts on pan -India basis which facilitate 
direct interaction with customers as dealers stock only 2  to 3 mostly trusted brands in their 
godowns. We are well established in this distribution channel. 
We also ensure continuous mileage of our brand through our partnership with Lucknow Super 
Giants IPL cricket team as their official solar partner. Next, we are partner with EPC contractor 
to sell to independent power producer projects which bolster our status as a reliable solar 
component supplier. Lastly, we sell for the government channel via government approved EPC 
contractors. 
This diversified distribution channel enables us to cater to all segments of the market. In sum, 
we operate across 100 plus districts, 15,000 plus customers and have 800 plus channel associates 
and partners behind 300 plus dealers.  
Coming to our FY25 results, our consolidated revenue increases by 80.9% to INR1,333.80 
crores led by strong performance across all our segments. We increased our footprint in Central 
and South India making us a national player in the solar sector.  
Our subsidiary , Insolation Green Infra Private Limited , focuses on installation and 
commissioning of solar EPC projects for KUSUM A and C schemes, independent power 
projects, installing solar parks, O&M services and rooftop project installation. We have a strong 
order pipeline in KUSUM projects and expect to complete the same by Q4FY26. 
We are in process of bidding for further 700 plus megawatt in KUSUM Component A and given 
our good bid to win ratio, expect to win the same. Our rooftop projects vertical focuses on 
installing rooftop solar modules for various corporate and state government rooftop tenders. It 
is gaining momentum with 100 plus megawatt pipeline being executed in FY26. 
This vertical continues to win business on an increasing scale and we expect it to perform 
consistently. We expect the said expansion to increase our top line , hence our aspiration is 
INR3,000 crores plus in FY26, INR5,500 crores plus in FY27 and INR8,500 crores plus in 
FY28. We also expect margin accretion resulting in increase in profit after tax, hence our target 
for the same is 300 plus in FY26, 700 plus in FY27 and 1,300 plus in FY28.  
Finally, we have signed an MOU of INR10,000 crores with Rajasthan government for providing 
rooftop solar solutions, solar component manufacturing and establishment of solar parks, 
KUSUM A and C projects. The commitment further solidifies our position as one of the leaders 
[[PAGE 7]]
  Insolation Energy Limited 
  June 09, 2025 
Page 6 of 17 
 
in the renewable energy sector. We are also aiming to expand in battery energy storage system, 
BESS manufacturing. 
We also plan to enter into solar wafer manufacturing as and when the solid policy is announced. 
This is in line with our forward and backward integration approaches for capturing all parts of 
the manufacturing value chain. The above strategy is predicted on a scalable business model in 
a high-growth industry, strong financial discipline and industry-leading return ratios. 
We have an experienced leadership team with a proven track record of execution. In conclusion, 
Insolation Energy is an enabler of India's clean energy transformation with clear expansion plan, 
a well-through growth strategy and unwavering focus on quality and execution. We are confident 
of building long-term value for our investors and society at large. Thank you very much.  
Now I hand the call over to our Managing Director, Mr. Vikas Jain, for his comments. Thank 
you. 
Vikas Jain: Thank you, Manish, and good morning to everybody and thanks for joining the call. I will now 
talk about the financials of the company. The revenue for FY25 was INR 1,333 crores, an 
increase of 81% over FY24. Revenue growth was led by increased demand for solar panels 
combined with an upsurge in our volumes.  
EBITDA has been increased by 103% to INR170 crores in FY25 due to improved business mix 
and strategic cost optimization measures. We saw benefit of scale occurring to our EBITDA 
resulting in margin increase of 140 bps to 12.8%. We continue to see increased acceptance of 
our products resulting in volume expansion.  
PAT increased by 127.5% due to operating leverage. Our operational efficiency resulted in a 
robust ROC of 60% and a strong cash flow from operations of INR113 crores. Our working 
capital day cycle stands at 31 days in FY25. The working capital days in FY25 was lower as 
compared to 44 days in FY24 due to better payment terms negotiated on both sides, payables 
and receivables. Focus on dealer network which has lowered our working capital cycle. 
Moving on in terms of liquidity, we have cash and cash equivalents of INR313 crores. We raised 
INR395 crores via preferential issue during year for our expansion plans as stated by Manish. 
The net debt was negative to INR206 crores.  
I will now talk about our EPC business. We are well established in solar EPC business by 
providing turnkey installation for large solar projects giving us forward integration. This 
involves procurement of solar modules and related components, quality assur ance, logistic 
installation, system integration, commissioning, handover, operation and maintenance. 
We enable customer satisfaction through technical expertise, cost efficiency and timely delivery 
and execution risk management for the project developers. I will now talk for the trends in solar 
EPC. First is the integration of battery energy storage system, BESS, with solar power. 
[[PAGE 8]]
  Insolation Energy Limited 
  June 09, 2025 
Page 7 of 17 
 
These hybrid systems enhance grid stability and ensure a continuous power supply addressing 
the intermittency challenges of the solar energy. Second is adoption of advanced technology of 
bifacial solar panels which generate energy from both sides. It is in creasing energy efficiency 
by 15% to 20%. 
And third is the integration of AI and IoT technologies along with drone -based inspections 
enable real -time monitoring, predictive maintenance and smart energy management. It is 
expected that the majority of solar EPC projects will incorporate these techno logies in near 
future leading to optimizing system performance, reduce downtime and enhance operational 
efficiency.  
Our company is having a strong order book of INR2,500 crores plus on consolidated basis across 
all verticals including channel partners, government scheme, rooftop solar, EPC and developers 
contracts. 
We are proudly serving diverse customer base that includes both domestic content requirement 
and non -DCR segments reinforcing our adaptability and commitment to national solar 
initiatives. Some of our market orders that we have backed recently are under ex ecution 
including customers like KPI Green, RREC and MAHAGENCO. As stated by Manish, our 
upcoming state of the art facility in Jaipur will be new landmark in solar panels manufacturing 
space as it will be one of the most advanced production lines installed in the country. 
Our focus remains on optimizing cost, attracting and engaging high-quality talent and leveraging 
advanced technologies to support sustainable growth. We expect the traction in all of our 
segments to continue making us confident that we will deliver greater to our shareholder returns 
in the medium to long term. With that I request the moderator to open the floor for questions.  
Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question comes to the 
line of Sharad Tripathi with Capri. Please go ahead. 
Sharad Tripathi: Hi. Congrats for the great set of numbers. My first question is about your margin trajectory.  
Where do you see in terms of future guidance or our endeavour to achieve margins? Because if 
I see, if I compare our profitability with peers, it looks a bit on the slower side. So, can you help 
us to understand that please? 
Ravi Dusad: Yes. Good morning. In FY23-FY24, we clocked 7.5% PAT margins. In the middle of the year, 
we have somewhere commented that we will going to increase this by 200 basis points. And 
directionally, we are on track. We have guided for 200 basis points increase and current year we 
clocked somewhere close to 9.5%. In our earnings presentation, we have again given a guidance 
that our PAT margins will be close to 11.1%. So, there is again a margin expansion of 150 basis 
points. For FY26-FY27, again we have given a guidance of a margin expansion of  250 basis 
points from 11.1% to 14.01%. So, gradually, we are doing margin expansion both in profitability 
along with the top line. 
[[PAGE 9]]
  Insolation Energy Limited 
  June 09, 2025 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Sharad Tripathi: Correct. But if we compare it with the peers, so I was coming from that background, where do 
you see ourselves standing? 
Ravi Dusad: So, practically, presently, we are module manufacturer right now. With integration of cell, in 
coming year FY26-FY27, you will see a margin expansion from 11% to 16%. That is 500 basis 
points in next 2 years. So other players like, it is not wise to comment on the name of the players, 
but other players are having integration of cell. Presently, we are only module manufacturer, 
solar panel manufacturer. So, when you compare us with peer-to-peer,  you will find our margins 
are very very good. 
Sharad Tripathi: Okay. And s econdly, I want to understand your take on the pricing side, given the capacity 
expansion at the industry level as far as the modules are concerned. So, can you help us 
understand and share your view on both DCR and non-DCR market? 
Manish Gupta: For DCR market, that market should remain not be effective up to next year because the cell 
manufacturing capacity will not add this year so much. Next year, the addition of the cells will 
be in our country up to 50-gigawatts. So, margins as far as for DCR and non -DCR will be near 
about the same because we work on the delta of our manufacturing.  Whatever the cell price of 
the DCR and other raw material, our delta and our margin is fixed and that conclusion the price 
of the market, the selling price of the module market. 
The same non -DCR price, cell price plus other raw material and our manufacturing, the final 
cost of the non -DCR panel in the market. But no doubt, the availability of the DCR cell right 
now is challenging in our country.  But I think within next 2 -3 years, it should be also come 
because we are also upcoming with cell manufacturing and lots of other companies are also 
come with the cell manufacturing. 
Moderator: Next question comes to the line of Ashish Rathi with Lucky Investments. Please go ahead. 
Ashish Rathi: Hi, thanks for the opportunity. So, first just a bookkeeping question, what is the volume outlook 
for the solar module in FY26? 
Ravi Dusad: For us? 
Ashish Rathi: Solar modules, how much production are we expecting for FY26? 
Manish Gupta: FY26, we are expecting from all our units around 2000 to 2100 megawatts.  
Ashish Rathi: And this is from our units, anything that will be outsourced? 
Manish Gupta: No, this is from our unit. 
Ashish Rathi: Will there be any outsourced or no outsourced capacity will come in FY26? 
Manish Gupta: When we expand our capacity too much, then no need to outsource from any other companies 
for OEM manufacturing. 
[[PAGE 10]]
  Insolation Energy Limited 
  June 09, 2025 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Ashish Rathi: Understood. And sir, in continuation with the previous participant's question in that direction 
only, as you also mentioned in your opening remarks and recently that there are a lot of cell 
capacities also coming in close to around 50-gigawatts, what you mentioned. The high margins 
which are there for competition is because of the cell capacity. 
But isn't there a sort of expectation that the margins in the cell business also will collapse a bit 
and even module capacities are increasing quite rampantly over the next 2 -3 years? Given that 
backdrop, you are guiding for a margin expansion. Sir, your comments on the same? 
Ravi Dusad: Hi. The MNRE data shows that 26 -gigawatts of cell capacities will come by next year , right. 
And module capacity will be close to 100 -gigawatts. So, with ALCM in place, there is again a 
large gap between what is required and what is present.  So, companies will continue to make 
good margins till this gap will be filled out. 
Ashish Rathi: So, you continue to believe that despite these capacities coming in, your margin expansion 
trajectory is on track. You are building in a capacity increase and a competitiveness increase in 
your margin guidance. 
Ravi Dusad: Today, I cannot point out a figure, but when you see the margins of other players in our sector , 
like Waaree, Premier you are able to understand that what kind of PAT margins they are 
commanding. I am rationalizing discounting those PAT margins to a larger extent to come up 
with a figure of 14%-16% of PAT margins. 
Those companies are making huge margins as of now because there are very limited capacities 
and with growing capacities and adding capacities, the margins will shrink.  And the time for 
filling the gap will take at least 4-5 years. 
Ashish Rathi: Understood. And last question if I may, in terms of working capital day s, is given that the, say 
for example, this year I understand we do not have too much cell capacities. But in FY27 when 
we have our own cell manufacturing, is there a reason to believe that working capital day should 
improve for us in line with our competition players, some of whom you recently mentioned?  
How will the working capital days span out actually? 
Ravi Dusad: It is very difficult to predict this at this moment because there are a lot of variables which plays 
at that time. We are thinking that 26 -gigawatts will come up, but I don't know how much will 
exactly come up. What is the exact growth trajectory in this? Again, what is the demand scenario 
if 26-gigawatts of cell will not ramp up as per the projections for all the companies. Then again 
working capital cycle will be reduced because all the cells which we are making will be sold out 
either on advance or on cash. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next questions comes from the line of Riken Ramesh Gopani, Capri Family Office. 
Please go ahead. 
Riken Ramesh Gopani: Hi, sir. Thank you so much for the opportunity. Sir, first if you could help us understand that 
towards the EPC segment and the rooftop solar, what is the sort of business that we are assuming 
in this year and next year in our projections? 
[[PAGE 11]]
  Insolation Energy Limited 
  June 09, 2025 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Manish Gupta: Sir, this year we are assuming more than 100 megawatts of the installations. We have already 
secured 130 megawatts of the RREC, means Rajasthan Renewable Energy Corporation tender 
at the government buildings in the Rajasthan. The second one is our KUSUM Component A and 
KUSUM Component C. 
And other than this we are already tendering for KUSUM Component A 700 plus megawatts 
which might be open within this month only. So, we assure that we can secure more than 350 
plus megawatts in that tender KUSUM Component A.  If we get that tender also then this EPC 
and rooftop installation should be increased more than 100 megawatts in this financial year. 
Riken Ramesh Gopani: 100 megawatts if we basically get this additional order as well. So most of that execution 
happens in the next year is what you are saying? 
Manish Gupta: Yes, but if we get this then we can achieve more than 100 megawatts in this year, if we get this 
tender. Otherwise, 100 megawatts we have already secured in our pipeline for this financial year. 
And working is already going on. 
Riken Ramesh Gopani: Okay. So if you look at your revenue estimates for next year where you would probably have 
visibility on these orders being won, what percentage of the business and this business would 
have what margins if you could help us understand both in your current projections? 
Ravi Dusad: The margins in this KUSUM and EPC business are slightly higher than our module 
manufacturing business. And the revenue contribution is already we have envisaged in our 
ending call presentation. It is INR400 crores out of INR3300 crores in the current financial year. 
Riken Ramesh Gopani: Okay, next year we are assuming about INR700 crores. 
Ravi Dusad: Next year we are talking about INR700 crores. The margins are slightly better. 
Riken Ramesh Gopani: As compared to the current business EBITDA margins. 
Ravi Dusad: Yes, yes. 
Riken Ramesh Gopani: Understood, sir. Okay. And you did mention that by next year mid is when the cell 
manufacturing line would be up and running. If you could also sort of outline as to what stage 
are we at this point in time and in terms of execution risks, what risks do you envisage or you 
think that by next year you should be able to commercially utilize the capacities in full? 
Vikas Jain: For the cell project we have already secured the land. Drying s and other detail engineering is 
already in progress. And we are travelling to China today only.  And we hope that during this 
visit we will close the major equipment’s order with some of the companies which we are already 
in negotiations. 
We expect that productions will start somewhere by January'27 for the cell production line. And 
since this cell production is quite getting developed very fast in India, we won't take very much 
time to set up the facility. We will take around 15 months to 18 months to completely set up the 
[[PAGE 12]]
  Insolation Energy Limited 
  June 09, 2025 
Page 11 of 17 
 
facility and ramp up the production. So , by January'27 we hope that the cell facility would be 
started. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Sarang Joglekar with Vimana Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Sarang Joglekar: Yes, hi. So, following up on the cell line, the full 3 -gigawatt will start from January '27 or will 
it be phase wise? 
 Vikas Jain: No, no. It's a single project. The complete line will be 3 -gigawatt and will be ramped up and 
installed in one phase only. 
Sarang Joglekar: Okay. And the total capex on that would be? 
Vikas Jain: Somewhere around INR1300 crores. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Pooja C with Holani Ventures . Please go 
ahead. 
Pooja C: Good morning. Thank you so much for that brief insight for eliminating horizons for our industry 
company. So, you gave us information on our sales and on the process.  We'd like to try and 
understand what exactly the reasons for this strong performance are and what has been done. 
Ravi Dusad: So good morning, Pooja. There is robust demand for solar modules across the country, across 
the segments. So this is the main reason, and we have utilized our capacities.  More and more 
utilization of our capacities, we are able to produce more, and we are able to sell more. And 
there is robust demand which is there to get these kinds of results. 
Pooja C: Thank you so much for that information. I'd like to also understand how are we planning to use 
the funds that we raised last year to the tune of INR395 crores? 
Ravi Dusad: Yes, these funds are basically raised for our current ongoing capex which will be operational in 
next 40 days. A 3-gigawatt capacity of solar module manufacturing with 18,000 metric tons of 
aluminium framing, so which will be operationalized in next 40 days. Once the funds are 
deployed, the funds raised are deployed in those facilities.  Again, the balance funds will be 
utilized for our other strategic investments which we are doing in cell and other things. 
Moderator: Thank you.  Next question comes from the line of Prabal Jain  with SM Holdings. Please go 
ahead. 
Prabal Jain: Sir, my question is more on the qualitative part. So actually, given  the huge targets we have as 
a country for renewable energy, I just wanted to understand like, what are the ways in which a 
small entrepreneur can benefit out of and capitalize on this trend. Apart from being a distributor 
or maybe a small city or a state-level EPC contractor, like how can that person contribute or like 
be part of this in this whole solar wave? 
[[PAGE 13]]
  Insolation Energy Limited 
  June 09, 2025 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Vikas Jain: Mr. Prabal, this solar, as far as this solar manufacturing is concerned, this is now shifting towards 
a small -scale manufacturing or MSME to a large -scale manufacturing. So considering the 
volumes what we are having today in manufacturing, panel or cell ca nnot be done by a small -
scale manufacturer. He can enter as an ancillary unit for some of other raw materials. 
As far as distribution is concerned, most of the business is done B2B. B2C business is mainly 
done in the small towns and with the battery business. Secondly, he can join as a medium or 
small player for the EPC business. That has huge requirement, and the huge shortfall is there for 
the good entrepreneurs who can do good type of installations which can last for 25 years. 
Prabal Jain: Okay. Along the same lines, I may ask a follow -up question to that part. So , you mentioned 
some ancillary of some small parts. If you could also mention some parts on which you see that 
there is a market gap. And along the IPP projects, I just wanted to understand like, you know, 
big companies with huge capital facility and huge funding, they can take on big IPP projects 
along with partnership from government. 
On this only, I just wanted some color like, because a huge part of the solar parks established is, 
I think, INR3 crores to INR4 crores per megawatt on the establishment cost. And land typically 
is something which is very less. The capex that you do per megawatt is more.  
So, what stops you from having the ownership of land thereby giving you a very much, good 
control over the asset that you are building?  Because most of the leases you sign typically are 
for 30 years. So, is it like the grid infra-availability or the support you get from government apart 
from the land or what is that? 
Vikas Jain: See, from the point of ancillary units, anybody can come in aluminum, encapsulants, silicons 
and the junction boxes. DC cables is also one of the areas where we are still dependent upon the 
inputs. As far as EPC and IPP is concerned, if the entrepreneur is a small or a mid -size, he can 
participate in the KUSUM tenders. 
 KUSUM tender is open for all. It can be individual, it can be a company, it can be a trust, it can 
be a SPV, a joint venture, anything. And for the largest companies, they are already bidding in 
the central PSU schemes like SECI, NTPC tenders, which are in the multiples of 200 megawatt 
and above. 
 As you rightly said, the securing of land and the transmission is a big challenge for these types 
of projects. The companies who are already engaged in this business have already secured many 
hectares of land for their upcoming projects. So , for any new entrant, securing land and the 
connectivity would be a challenge. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Raman KV with Sequent Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Raman KV: I just have two questions. One is, by the end of FY26, how much module capacity and cell 
capacity will be under operational for the company and what will be the utilization level across 
both the segments? 
[[PAGE 14]]
  Insolation Energy Limited 
  June 09, 2025 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Ravi Dusad: At the end of FY26, 4-gigawatt of module manufacturing is completely operational. Cell will be 
operational in the year ‘FY26-FY27. 
Raman KV: Sir, but you just mentioned that in January ‘27, the cell production will be started.  
Ravi Dusad: The cell production is ramped up by January ‘27, it is ramped up fully. The production will be 
started in the third quarter of FY '26-27 but ramped up to its full capacity by January‘27. That is 
what we have stated. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes to the line of Priyanshu Maheshwari  with Holani Venture 
Capital Fund. Please go ahead. 
Priyanshu Maheshwari: Hello, sir. Good morning. So the question is, I wanted to ask you, since there has been a 
tremendous growth in the revenue and the profits and one of the highest results in the SME 
markets. So are we planning for a switch to the main board company since the company has 
been listed in October 2022 and it will be three years soon? So is there any plans to switch for 
the main board? 
Manish Gupta: Hello, Priyanshu. Yes, we are already in the planning to migrate our company from SME to 
main board. The process will start from 11th of October 2025. We will complete our three-year 
SME board on 10th October 2025 and after immediately next day we start our migration process 
and we are hopeful that our migration will be completed within 45 to 60 working days after this 
11th October. 
Moderator: Next question comes to the line of Dixit Doshi with Whitestone Financial Advisors P rivate 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Dixit Doshi: Thanks for the opportunity. Just wanted to understand out of the current capacity how much is 
like a TOPCon and MonoPERC and what will be the future expansion and second is this MP 
plant which the construction will start, what is the total capex for that? 
Manish Gupta: Currently in our unit 1 and unit 2 we have 950 megawatts of the Mono PERC manufacturing 
capacity and unit 3 is 3000 megawatts that is completely TOPCon N-type and we also transfer 
our unit 1 and unit 2 to TOPCon facility within next three months. So, after nearly September 
2025 our complete three units should be transferred and operational with the TOPCon N-type of 
the capacity, the complete around 4 GW and for MP projects all units should be in the TOPCon, 
the cell manufacturing also in the TOPCon N-type and our approximate capex should be 
INR1,300 crores plus. 
Dixit Doshi: Okay and how much would be the amount we will need to spend to convert these 950 megawatts 
from MonoPERC to TOPCon? 
Manish Gupta: No, that already we have done. The only the machines kits are required that approximate to 
USD1 lakh to USD150 lakhs which we have already all type of kits we have already in our store 
and that's only the part of the time whenever we have started our unit 3 in the Jaipur, we 
[[PAGE 15]]
  Insolation Energy Limited 
  June 09, 2025 
Page 14 of 17 
 
immediately start transferring from for unit 1 and unit 2 to TOPCon. And it will take around 15 
to 20 working days. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Darshit Shah with Nirvana Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Darshit Shah: Yes, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Since I have two questions.  One on the capex part, we are 
envisaging to spend around INR1,300 crore over the next 12 to 15 months. Can you share us a 
roadmap of how are we going to fund this amount?  
Ravi Dusad: Good morning. Ravi this side. Out of INR1,300 crores, INR300 crores is from internal accrual 
and INR1,000 crores is from debt.  We are in advanced discussion with four banks and two 
institutions. They are giving us green signal to move and they are ready to fund this amount. 
Darshit Shah: And at what interest would be this debt roughly? 
Ravi Dusad: Let me give you an idea of that. We are in advanced stages with SBI and BOB where our interest 
rates will be close to less than 9%. And IREDA, PFC and REC, we are also in discussions where 
the interest rate will be close to 9.25%.  
Moderator: Next question comes from the line Kartik Jain, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Kartik Jain: Hi, congratulations for great set of numbers. I have one question regarding the BESS project that 
you mentioned. Can you just put some more light on when are you planning to set the BES S 
facilities and the revenue projections for those from which year onwards? 
Manish Gupta: For BESS facility, we are still waiting for the policy framework from the government, especially 
for the manufacturing. Right now, projects are lots of available in the market. In fact, mostly 
projects, governments are right now mandatory 5% of the use of BESS. And in fact, there is one 
order in the Rajasthan where RERC just passed on an order where you can use 200% of the 
captive use of solar power plant at your factory or any area. But for extra 100%, you need 20% 
of BESS mandatory.  
So, day by day, demand is increasing.  But still for manufacturing, we are waiting for strong 
policy framework by the central government. And after that, we immediately take action and 
start whatever the manufacturing facility required, we will start to establish. And we have M-
Plus land in the MP where we got around 1,85,000 square meters of the land. So we can in future 
facilitate BESS in that land also. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Varun with BK Investments. Please go ahead. 
Varun: Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, as you have given the guidance of INR8,600 crores of revenue 
in FY27-28, how confident are you that you will achieve those numbers? And second, you have 
given a guidance of INR3,300 crores of revenue in this year. So what will be the split in H1 and 
H2? 
[[PAGE 16]]
  Insolation Energy Limited 
  June 09, 2025 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Ravi Dusad: Yes. So let us start with FY25-26. We have given a revenue guidance of INR3,300 crores. So 
out of that INR3,300 crores,  INR2,800 crores is from module, INR400 crores is from EPC 
business and INR100 crores from others. So out of our plant, our 3 -gigawatt facility will be 
operational in next 40 days, fully commercialized. So with that we have total 4 -gigawatt of 
capacities with us. So by this we are able to achieve this INR3,300 crores of revenue. 
 Coming to FY27-28, the total module manufacturing capacities will be 8-gigawatts, 4 plus 4 in 
MP and with integration of 3-gigawatt of cells and 54,000 metric tons of aluminum. So with this 
we are able to achieve INR8,600 crores of total revenue with INR7,000 crores of solar module 
revenue.  
That we have already mentioned in the page number 48 in the earnings presentation that 
INR7,000 crores come from module, INR1,100 crores come from EPC business and remaining 
from other businesses. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of B R Nahar with Mili Fund. Please go ahead. 
B R Nahar: Thank you for the opportunity. I have two questions. One is that for Madhya Pradesh investment, 
are you going to get any incentive by way of subsidy or interest subvention or GST or anything? 
Vikas Jain: Sir, there is a complete set of incentives that has been offered by the Madhya Pradesh 
government. First is the 45 -acres land that has been allocated to us is free of cost. That is at a 
lease rent of INR1 per square meter per year. 
 Second is the subsidy in the electricity. They would be supplying us electricity at a price of 
INR4.36 paisa for the next 5 years without any change. Third, the supply of water would be at a 
very subsidized price, INR25 rupees per KL and that too at doorstep, electricity and water. 
 Main is the there is some employment incentive. The major incentive is the capex which as per 
the government document, they have committed us 17% of the capex incentive, capex subsidy 
and we are in discussion with the government , and we are demanding up to 35% which would 
be paid in equal instalments of 7 years after production. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Supreeth, an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Supreeth: My name is Supreeth. I am a retail investor holding the stock since the day of listing. Where do 
you think the company's valuation will be down the line 10 years? 
Ravi Dusad: Sir, it is not wise to comment but we can assure you that we are always investor friendly. In the 
past, we had created ample of wealth for the investors and we continue to create because this 
sector has lot of things to do in next 5 to 7 years. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Prerak Dusad with RKF. Please go ahead. 
[[PAGE 17]]
  Insolation Energy Limited 
  June 09, 2025 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Prerak Dusad: Currently, we are working on the PAT margin of 9.5% to 10%. Are we seeing any improvement 
in PAT margin for this? 
Ravi Dusad: Yes, we have already mentioned in the earnings presentation that from 9.5%, our aspirations are 
150 basis point increase of PAT margins from 9.5% to 11% for this year and it will continue to 
14% in FY26-27 and then 16% in FY27-28 with the integration of cells. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Sahil Raj with Samdareeya Capital Ventures. 
Please go ahead. 
Sahil Raj: Sir, I have one request, if you can maybe the internal team has already discussed. Are we looking 
for quarterly results for FY26? 
Ravi Dusad: As per our new guidelines, we are bound to follow the quarterly result declaration process. So , 
from now onwards from April to June quarter, the results will be published as per requirement. 
So, from this year, our results will be on a quarterly basis.  
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Sarang Joglekar with Vimana Capital.  Please 
go ahead. 
Sarang Joglekar: A couple of questions. First is on the FY25 module revenue. Can you give a split on how much 
came from the retail distribution channels and from utilities and same split for FY26 revenue 
and is there any pricing difference between both? 
Manish Gupta: Hello, Joglekar ji. Our split is around dealer-distributor network is somewhere around 15%-20% 
in dealer-distribution network and the rest is also in the channels where you can say the EPC 
contractor which majority use in the KUSUM components, government projects and other areas 
also. Definitely, the margins are better in the dealer-distribution network and the retail network 
than the big project supplies and that should be difference somewhere around 2%-5%. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, we have reached the end of question-
and-answer session. I would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. 
Ravi Dusad: I am very much thankful to all investors, all participants who has joined this conference and 
patiently hear us about our journey so far and our growth prospects for coming three years. 
Thank you from Insolation side. Thank you to all.  
Manish Gupta: Thank you very much to all for joining. 
Vikas Jain: Thank you, all investors, all participants for joining the call and in case anybody whose question 
has been left unanswered, you can connect us anytime. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Insolation Energy Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us. You may now disconnect your line. 
[[PAGE 18]]
  Insolation Energy Limited 
  June 09, 2025 
Page 17 of 17 
 
 
(This document has been edited for readability purpose) 
