[[PAGE 1]]
 
 
 
23rd February, 2026 
 
To,   
The Manager – Listing Department          
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai-400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 543620 
Symbol: INA 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call on the Financial Results for the Quarter and Nine 
Month ended 31st December, 2025 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange  Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulati ons, 2015, as amended, Please find enclosed the 
transcript of the Earnings Conference Call on the Financial Results for the Quarter and Nine Month 
ended 31st December, 2025, held on Tuesday, 17th February, 2026. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You, 
For and on behalf of Insolation Energy Limited 
 
 
Nitesh Sharma 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
ACS: 66702 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
  
 
[[PAGE 2]]
 
INSOLATION ENERGY LIMITED 
Q3 9M FY26 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL 
 
February 17, 2026 
 
 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS:  
 
Mr. Manish Gupta 
Chairman & Whole Time Director 
 
Mr. Vikas Jain 
Managing Director 
 
Mr. Ravi Dusad 
Chief Financial Officer 
 
Ms. Prayasi Patel 
Analyst - Go India Advisors 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

[[PAGE 3]]
 
2 
Insolation Energy Limited 
Q3 9MFY26 Earnings Conference Call  17/02/2026 
Moderator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I'm Akash, moderator for the conference call. 
Welcome to Insolation Energy Limited Q3 9MFY26 Earnings Conference Call.  
 
As a reminder, all participants will be in listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to  
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing * and then 0 on a touch-tone telephone. Please note this conference 
is recorded. 
 
I would now like to hand over the floor to Ms. Prayasi Patel from Go India Advisors. Thank you, and over 
to you, ma'am. 
 
Prayasi Patel: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Q3 and 9M FY26 Earning Call of 
Insolation Energy Limited. We have on the call Mr. Manish Gupta, Chairman and Wholetime Director; Mr. 
Vikas Jain, Managing Director; and Mr. Ravi Dusad, Chief Financial Officer.  
 
We must remind you that the discussion in today's call may include certain forward -looking statements 
and must be therefore viewed in conjunction with the risks that company may face. I will now request Mr. 
Gupta to take us through the financial and business update, subsequent to which, we will open the floor 
for Q&A. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
 
Manish Gupta: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. It is a pleasure to welcome you 
to our earning calls. We value this engagement and look forward to maintaining an ongoing dialogue with 
the investor community. Ins olation Energy Limited founded in 2017 operates in the renewable energy 
sector with a strong focus on manufacturing solar PV modules. We are consistently ranked among India's 
top PV module manufacturers and have built a pan-India brand presence, in our brand name INA Solar, 
supplying high-quality modules across diverse geographics and customer segments. 
 
As part of our long-term strategy, we are expanding this year into solar cell, aluminum frame, and in  
future solar Ingots, wafer also, with the vision of becoming one of India's  leading integrated clean-tech 
solutions providers.  
 
The renewable energy sector is expanding rapidly, and we are aligned with the Government of India's 
Aatma Nirbhar Bharat M ission by strengthening domestic manufacturing and reducing import  
dependence, while supportive policies and rooftop solar initiatives continue to drive strong  
long-term demand.  
 
Q3 and 9MFY26 reflects solid progress for the company, driven by higher dispatches, disciplined cost 
execution, and improving operating leverage. During the quarter, revenue grew by 77% YoY , and EBITDA 
[[PAGE 4]]
 
3 
Insolation Energy Limited 
Q3 9MFY26 Earnings Conference Call  17/02/2026 
margin expanded by more than 500 basis points, demonstrating the benefits of  scale, operational 
efficiency, and execution discipline.  
 
Looking ahead, the structural growth drivers for solar manufacturing in India remain firmly in place, 
supported by our capacity expansion, backward integration initiatives , and strong demand visib ility. We 
are confident of sustaining 40 -45% revenue growth CAGR over the medium term s. Our mission is to 
become India's leading cl ean-tech solution provider, setting the benchmark in integrated solar 
manufacturing while delivering technology solutions globally.  
 
We are building a fully integrated solar ecosystem spanning cells, modules, aluminum frame, and energy 
solution while expanding into IT project and sub-EPC and O&M services, and in future, energy storage also. 
This integrated approach will strengthen margins, enhance resilience, and position the company for long-
term value creations. With that, I will now request our MD, Mr.  Vikas Jain, to share operational and 
strategic updates.  
 
Vikas Jain: Good morning, all. Thank you, Manish. During this quart er, we continued to execute steadily 
across operations while advancing our expansion road map. Production for Q3 FY26 stood at 356 MW with 
a dispatch of 364 MW, supported by consistent execution and healthy demand from commercial and 
industrial segment. 
 
The newly commissioned line at our INA -3 facility were in the ramp -up phase during the quarter. As 
operations stabilize, we expect production to increase meaningfully over the coming quarters. INA -3 is 
designed to be one of the most automated PV module manufacturing lines in India, enabling higher 
throughput, superior quality control, and scalable operations.  
 
With the addition of latest 1.5 GW line in December, our total installed module capacity stood at 5.5 GW 
as of 31 December, strengthening our ability to address growing market demand. On the strategic front, 
our greenfield project at N armadapuram, Madhya Pradesh, comprising a 4.5 GW TOPCon G12R cell 
manufacturing facility and an 18,000 -ton aluminum extrusion unit is progressing as planned, w ith civil 
works and PV building activities in full swing. 
 
This expansion marks a key milestone in our backward integration journey by building a Make in India 
value chain. We aim to improve cost competitiveness, support long -term margin sustainability , and 
enhance resilience towards global supply chain disruptions.  
 
On the execution side, Kusum projects secured in Rajasthan in last quarter covering more than 200 sites 
and aggregating approximately 400 MW have completed all PPAs. This provides strong execution visibility 
while supporting the gradual build-up of our IPT portfolio. We also continue to maintain strong demand 
[[PAGE 5]]
 
4 
Insolation Energy Limited 
Q3 9MFY26 Earnings Conference Call  17/02/2026 
visibility supported by a healthy order book of approximately 2.1 GW, providing confidence in sustained 
capacity utilization and growth. 
 
Overall, our focus remains on scaling capacity, strengthening integration , and enhancing execution 
capabilities to support in the next growth phase. With that, I now hand over to Mr . Ravi Dusad, CFO of the 
company, to discuss the financial highlights.  
 
Ravi Dusad: Thank you, Vikas Ji. I will briefly walk you through the company's financial performance for 
the quarter and nine-month period. 
 
For nine months, FY26 revenue stood at INR 1352 crores, reflecting a strong 44% YoY growth. This growth 
was primarily driven by capacity scaling up and expanding distribution footprint. For Q3 FY26, revenue 
came in at INR 575 crores, registering a robust 77% YoY growth supported by higher volumes across  
key markets. 
 
On profitability, EBITDA for 9MFY26 stood at INR  195.5 crores, up 69% YoY , translating into an EBITDA 
margin of more than 14%, reflecting operating leverage and improved resilience to price volatility. For Q3 
FY26, EBITDA stood at INR 81.7 crores, increasing 175% YoY with EBITDA margins over 14%. 
 
Margin expanded 506 basis points YoY supported by scale, efficiencies, disciplined cost management, and 
improved operating leverage. Earnings per share for the period remained strong with EPS at 2.27 for Q3 
FY26 and 5.89 for 9M FY26, representing growth of 170% and 55% YoY respectively.  
 
Overall, our financial performance reflects the benefits of scale, improved operational efficiency , and 
disciplined execution, while maintaining a strong balance sheet to support future growth. With that, we 
would now like to open the floor for questions. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. If 
you have a question, please press * and 1 on your tele phone keypad, and wait for your turn to ask 
question. If you would like to withdraw your request, you may do so by pressing * and 1 again. 
 
Ladies and gentlemen, if you have a question, please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad. The first 
question comes from Disha Bhordia from Sapphire Capital. Please go ahead, ma’am. 
 
Disha Bhordia: Yes. Thank you so much for this opportunity. So , just a couple of questions. So , for this 
quarter, I think our production was around 356 MW. Can you tell me this number for H1 FY26? 
 
Ravi Dusad: Yeah. It is Q3 356 MW, and dispatches are 364 MW. For Q1 or H1, we'll get back to you. 
 
[[PAGE 6]]
 
5 
Insolation Energy Limited 
Q3 9MFY26 Earnings Conference Call  17/02/2026 
Disha B hordia: So, I think we had earlier guided that we're targeting aroun d, I think, 2,000 MW of 
production this year. So, are we on track for that? 
 
Ravi Dusad: Yeah. 
 
Manish Gupta: This year, we already informed that our production is started. The next expansion phase 
will be started somewhere after September of this year.  So, if I discuss about the H1 of this year, FY26, we 
have dispatched around the same 350-360 MW of the solar panel because till that time, we have our only 
manufacturing facility for INA -1 and IN A-2. IN A-3, we have started after September, and there in this 
quarter, we are able to dispatch more than 350 MW. However, this whole capacity started from this month 
because we have three phases, the line one, line two, and line three. 
 
Line one and line two already operational. Line three, partly operational and fully operational within the 
next 15 days. And if we discuss about this year, then we have operational fully complete , all three lines, 
including our INA-2 manufacturing facility also. So, if we are talking about FY27, then we can easily dispatch 
-- as monthly capacity, we will reach up to 300 MW of the manufacturing capacity, monthly capacity. Then 
we are able to dispatch more than 3.5 GW in this calendar year or you can say next financial year. 
 
Disha Bhordia: Okay, so just if I want this right, I think H1, the volumes were 360 MW, H1? 
 
Manish Gupta: Nearly, H1, 360 MW. 
 
Disha Bhordia: And what sort of dispatch do we see for this fourth quarter? 
 
Manish Gupta: Fourth quarter, we are looking good dispatches. Fourth quarter, maybe dispatches is more 
than 350 MW. Tentatively, we have orders. We have everything in line. So , let that all decide or we can 
have clear picture in the mid of the March, but we are planning to dispatch nearly 450 to 500 MW till this 
last quarter. 
 
Disha Bhordia: And then from next year onwards, you're saying 300 MW will be the monthly? 
 
Manish Gupta: Yes, monthly. Yes, 300 MW monthly. 
 
Disha Bhordia: And in terms of your margin, because next year I think by end of Q3, we'll have the cells as 
well. So, this year, I think you’d guided for 11% PAT. Are we on track for that? 
 
Manish Gupta: Yes, yes, definitely. When cell is started, that we are in hope that cell will be started in Q3 
FY27, then definitely margin will increase. 
 
[[PAGE 7]]
 
6 
Insolation Energy Limited 
Q3 9MFY26 Earnings Conference Call  17/02/2026 
Disha Bhordia: But we'll see the major impact coming from FY 28 onwards, right? Because Q3 will come. 
So, it takes some time to stabilize as well? 
 
Manish Gupta: The impact should be started from Q4 FY27. And the major impact in the whole FY28. 
 
Disha Bhordia: Right, right. So once the cell comes, what sort of incremental margins do you see? 
 
Manish Gupta: We think that margins should be increment, definitely. Let's see what happens at that time 
when the cell starts. Market is also slightly competitive, whatever the DCR or ALCM market right now. But 
we hope that we will maintain somewhere above 15%. 
 
Moderator: The next question comes from Mr. Bhavesh Shah from Quandamental Alpha Spark Ventures. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Bhavesh Shah: Okay. So, my question is, again, related to the margins only. So , this quarter itself, as we 
mentioned, that we witnessed 500 bps increase in EBITDA margins. First of all, what led it to such a spike? 
Secondly, as the previous lady was asking, so addition of cells coming into the system should have 
meaningfully guided your PAT margin guidance higher, but you just mentioned that, you know, from 14, it 
might go to 15 once the solar comes in. So just want a little bit more clarity on that. 
 
Ravi Dusad: Sir, if you see the full year or nine-month figure, the margin in EBITDA has been improved by 
200 basis points. Last year, in Q3, there are some orders, which have relatively less margins, are processed. 
And in Q4, relatively better margin orders were processed. So, you will see a gap of 9-14%. But if you see 
a nine-month figure, our EBITDA has increased from 12.32 -14.46%. That will give you a true and correct 
picture. 
 
Bhavesh Shah: Yes. So that's what my follow-up question regarding this was. So, we should not pencil in a 
sustained larger jump in the EBITDA margins going forward. So , what should be the sustained EBITDA 
margin? Should it be 9%? 
 
Ravi Dusad: Sir, the sustained EBITDA margin will be in the range of 14.5-15%. 
 
Bhavesh Shah: And this of Exocell, right?  
 
Ravi Dusad: Yes, this is Exocell and this will be maintained. 
 
Bhavesh Shah: Okay. And with cell, the EBITDA would go by how much? You know, from Q4FY27? 
 
[[PAGE 8]]
 
7 
Insolation Energy Limited 
Q3 9MFY26 Earnings Conference Call  17/02/2026 
Ravi Dusad: That is what replied in the last question that in Q4 of FY26-27, when cell is on, the EBITDA 
margins will be grown by another 400 to 500 basis point.  
 
Bhavesh Shah: So, which means we will be closer to 20% EBITDA? 
 
Ravi Dusad: Yes. Yes. 
 
Ravi Dusad: Closer to 20 % and it all depends upon how the market s will pan out. This is what we are 
envisaging right now. It all depends upon how the markets will pan out. 
 
Bhavesh Shah: Okay. Thank you so much.  
 
Ravi Dusad: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you so much, sir. The next question comes from Mr. Sabri Hazarika from MK Global.  
Please go ahead. 
 
Sabri Hazarika: Good afternoon, sir. Two questions. Firstly, just wanted to know some idea on your overall 
sales mix in terms of how much percentage is C&I, how much percentage is DCR, if at all? And also, your 
order book, if you are like disclosing that? 
 
Manish Gupta: Sir, right now, in the DCR, we have around 10-15% of our dispatch for DCR. And the balance 
is for, you can say, C&I, IPP , EPC, and our dealer distributor network. And some we are doing OEM for our 
old customer for -- in that, we are making solar panel in their plant. We are doing white labeling, but that 
is very less now. 
 
Sabri Hazarika: And, it's a follow-up to this question. How is the realizations like in these segments? Any 
ballpark rate? I don't want the exact number. 
 
Manish Gupta: Sir, DCR and non DCR price, no doubt there is a price difference  there. Whatever the 
difference is, all due to the DCR cell price available in the Indian market right now. So, realization, if we can 
say both, solar panel, either DCR or non DCR , we are working on our, you can say, the differentiation, or 
you can say our margins, whatever the manufacturing cost we are having for -- either for DCR or non DCR, 
is same.  The difference is only for the price of the solar cell what we get from the Indian solar cell 
manufacturer. Otherwise, realization is nearly the same for both. 
 
Ravi Dusad: The average realization depends upon one more thing, what kind of blending we are doing. 
For example, if we are doing 10% blending, the average realization will be somewhat different. And if we 
[[PAGE 9]]
 
8 
Insolation Energy Limited 
Q3 9MFY26 Earnings Conference Call  17/02/2026 
hire the blending, the realization will be different. So, it is really difficult to say what is the -- going forward, 
what is the average realization. It all depends upon what is the blending of DCR and non DCR. 
 
Sabri Hazarika: Right. Second question is on your cell plan t. So, you are saying you will commission it in 
Q3FY27. So, how long will it take to stabilize? And based on this capacity, 4.5 GW, which is the nameplate 
capacity, I guess, how long will you take to achieve optimum utilization?  And what would be the peak 
utilization level for this cell plant? 
 
Vikas Jain: After commissioning, it will take almost three months to get the plant to ramp up to its full 
capacity, and we hope to produce almost 3.8 to 4 GW of cells from this plant  if capacity utilized on full 
scale. 
 
Sabri Hazarika: Okay. Fair enough. Thank you so much, sir. All the best. 
 
Vikas Jain: Since we are not constructing this plant in phases, this is a single location, single setup of 4.5 
GW. So, all the production will come into one stretch only. 
 
Sabri Hazarika: Right. Got it. And this is like –the aluminum frame as well as this plant, they are at the 
same facility, right, in Madhya Pradesh? 
 
Vikas Jain: Yes. They are at the same location.  
 
Sabri Hazarika: Okay. Thank you. 
 
Vikas Jain: And at the same location only, we have kept around 70,000 square meters of land free for 
further expansions into maybe wafers and Ingots.  
 
Sabri Hazarika: Okay. Thanks. 
 
Vikas Jain: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you so much, sir. The next question comes from Mr. Tarun Agarwal from Tata 
Investment Limited Corporation. Please go ahead, sir. 
 
Tarun Agarwal: Yes. Hi, hello. So, my question is pertaining to the order book. Currently, as we speak about, 
we have an order book of 2.2 GW. And the next quarter, we will be doing close to 450 to 500 MW of orders 
will be executed. And going down the track for the next year, we will be doing 300 MW of orders per 
month, which you have said earlier in this con-call.  
 
[[PAGE 10]]
 
9 
Insolation Energy Limited 
Q3 9MFY26 Earnings Conference Call  17/02/2026 
So, can you give us brief picture about the order book? Because I guess there is some misalignment in 
terms of the order execution and the order book built up. So, how the order book will come currently, how 
many orders have we placed, and what is our deal-win ratio? So, if you can give some picture over there, 
that would be helpful. 
 
Ravi Dusad: Yeah. So, presently, our order book stands at 2.1 GW , right? So, which will give us a clear 
visibility of next six to nine months.  And order book refill is a continuous process because we op erate in 
many market segments. We operate in dealer distribution network. We operate in small EPCs. We operate 
in large EPC s. So, as a function, we cannot create large order book on the same time because  every 
customer wants immediate dispatch. So, it is a process into the function. The present order book gives us 
a visibility of six to nine months.  
 
Manish Gupta: And also, one more thing, what happened in last quarter or last to last quarter, it's a huge 
rapidly changes in the polysilicon complete prices from polysilicon to solar cell and all supply chain. The 
prices have changed so much in last few months, so you cannot possible to maintain so long of a period 
of the order. So, it's a huge problem in this sector right now. 
 
So, for long order, either we need to keep order without the price of the raw material only on the rolling 
basis or if we meet order with the r aw materials, then it should be either funded by the customer or 
covered with any rise addition or decreasing. So right now, it's very difficult, anyone, to maintain one year 
or two yearlong order books with the fixed price. So, we are trying that order book should be fixed price, 
whatever raw material we are in our control. So, up to that extent of the time, we are trying to book fixed 
price order. Otherwise, on future order with the adjustable price as per the raw material availability in the 
China and in India.  
 
Ravi Dusad: Sir, it will help us to keep our margins intact, to increase our margins. The strategy will always 
help us. 
 
Tarun Agarwal: Okay. Got it. And one last question from my side. What is the current status about the 
migration from SME to the mainboard? Because I guess, there was some commentary from the 
management side that this would be done by the end of Jan. 
 
Manish Gupta: Sir, I like to inform you that, from BSE, we have already received letter on 23rd of the 
January for migration letter. And NSE, we are waiting .  That we will get anytime in this week. Already 
everything is done. The final sanction means migration letter, we will receive anytime in this week. 
 
And after receiving migration from NSE, BSE already received, we will plan to migrate within this month or 
early of the March first week. 
 
[[PAGE 11]]
 
10 
Insolation Energy Limited 
Q3 9MFY26 Earnings Conference Call  17/02/2026 
Tarun Agarwal: Okay. Got it. That's it from my side. Thank you. 
 
Manish Gupta: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, sir . The next question comes from the line of Mr. Thyagarajan R from Taurus 
Capital. Please go ahead, sir. 
 
Thyagarajan R: Good afternoon, sir. Thanks for your time for the call. Just a couple of questions, sir. One, 
you know, in one of the presentations, you spoke about building a 400 MW IPP portfolio under the Kusum 
project, sir. So, where is that thought process in terms of capital allocation for the IPP , right?  
 
And is it going to be from a land  term perspective, how much of CapEx contribution do you think the 
current business is going to fund into the IPP? And what would be the debt-equity ratio? Currently, I think 
it's close around 1.2. Are we adequately capitalized for setting up this IPP? And would you be looking a t 
further equity dilution given that IPP requires its own CapEx? 
 
Ravi Dusad: So, there are multiple questions. So, let me give you -- you want to ask for the IPP business, 
right? So, I will give you answer in parts. First, you want to understand how we ar e going IPP . So let me 
brief that, approximately 400 MW of projects we have won through tender, and we are in the process of 
executing those projects. 
 
Coming to debt equity , IPP is having a different set of debt -equity ratio as compared to other 
manufacturing or modular cell manufacturing business. So, the debt equity remains the same, which other 
IPP players are having. We will be also going to maintain the same debt equity.  
 
Your question number three is capital allocation or how we will fund that -- our capital, our contribution. 
So, in this year, our cash accruals -- we are envisaging or we are thinking that our cash a ccruals will be 
close to INR 220 crores for this current financial year. Next year, if we see a 40-50% growth and with cell 
coming in, the cash accruals will be more than 400 crores. So, we have enough cash flows. We have enough 
internal accruals to fund our I PP business from our side. And coming to, financial closure of these I PP 
projects, already 7-8 Indian banks are ready to fund us . They have given us in principle, as and when 
required, we will get the debt. 
 
Thyagarajan R: And what is the capital allocation for the IPP project, sir? 
 
Ravi Dusad: We'll get back to you -- on the capital allocation, we'll get back to you. 
 
Thyagarajan R: I appreciate that. Thank you, sir. 
 
[[PAGE 12]]
 
11 
Insolation Energy Limited 
Q3 9MFY26 Earnings Conference Call  17/02/2026 
Moderator: Thank you so much, sir.  
 
Moderator: Next question comes from the line of Mr. Mitesh Mehta from Long Term Investment Group. 
Please go ahead, sir. 
 
Mitesh Mehta: Good afternoon and congratulations for a great set of numbers. I have two questions. First 
is related to the noise in overcapacity in solar panels manufacturing. So, like, how does management plan 
to grow this business, say, by going into exports or going in no w new projects comes with BES S or 
something like that. So, does management have any plan to diversify there also? 
 
Manish Gupta: Sir, first of all, I would like to tell you that there is a myth in India that there is overcapacity 
of solar panel manufacturing in our country. Right now, I will tell you, sir, around 142 GW of total cell 
manufacturing capacity registered in the ALMM. And however, that manufacturing capacity less than 100, 
or you can say 100, nearly 100 GW of the capacity registered, which is TOPCon or G12R.  
 
You can say, what is your latest technologies right now. The balance is all -- whatever the registered is 
ALMM, either Mono PERC or poly, the old manufacturing capacity is there. And if we say that our -- any 
one company, any company who is showing their manufacturing capacity, all companies are working 
annual maximum, the efficiency of the machines is nearly 70%. No t more than 70% machines are 
performing at their maximum manufacturing capacity.  
 
So effectively, 70 to 75 GW of the manufacturing capacity right now we have actually in our country for 
TOPCon, M10R, or G12R, manufacturing capacity. Out of that, you can s ay government has already 
finalized as more than 50 GW is regularly tenders of purchasing by the central and state government, 
including all its teams. Other than this, C&I market is there, rooftop market is there and the upgrowing 
market, which is expanding very fast. One is the data center, another is the green hydrogen, another is the 
BESS, which is expanding very fast. Their requirement is regularly increasing in the market.  
 
And if we say that government is offering the tender for 50 GW annually, that is 50 GW AC capacity, 
whatever the government is opening or offering all tender for that 50 GW AC, we needed at least 65 to 70 
GW of the DC capacity to fulfill the requirement. So, if we say that capacity, whatever we have right now 
is nearly equal, the demand, whatever the demand is in India, and whatever the capacity available in India, 
manufacturing capacity.  
 
So, there is no such of overcapacity of solar panel manufacturing i n our country right now. And you can 
see that in each and every manufacturing, solar panel manufacturing company, their QoQ number you can 
see, in all manufacturing company, they have some increase or they have some positive sign with their 
numbers in each quarter.  
 
[[PAGE 13]]
 
12 
Insolation Energy Limited 
Q3 9MFY26 Earnings Conference Call  17/02/2026 
So, capacity wise, I do not think so in next five years or in 10 years there is any -- or you can say, currently 
there is any excessive capacity of manufacturing in our country. 
 
Mitesh Mehta: Okay, and that was my question. And any plans for e xports or diversification to -- in the 
asset? 
 
Manish Gupta: Right now, there is one -- yes sir, right now only one country where we can export from 
our India, that is U.S. And now we start our manufacturing capacity in a new facility. Then this year we are 
planning to start quality certification and explore the U.S. market for exporting. 
 
And for BESS, we are in -- right now we are in just, in the planning phase. However, the market will move 
for BESS manufacturing in our country, then definitely as a manu facturer or as a forward or backward 
integration, if there is any -- we think that or we see that if the market is going towards the B ESS 
manufacturing, then we definitely go with the manufacturing of BESS. 
 
Mitesh Mehta: Okay. Are you into EPC? 
 
Moderator: Sorry for interrupting, sir. Mitesh sir, I would request you to get back to the queue with your 
questions sir. Thank you. 
 
Mitesh Mehta: Okay. 
 
Moderator: The participants are requested to stick with two questions in initial round, and get back to the 
queue for more questions. The next question comes from Mr. Kapil Adavani from Aarth Growth Funds. 
Please go ahead, sir. 
 
Kapil Advani: Thank you for taking up the question. Sir, I just have one question on the revenue guidance. 
So, we had mentioned that we will do about INR 3,300 crores of revenue this year. But as you mentioned 
on the earlier part of the con call, that we are only -- we will be doing 40% to 45% of CAGR growth. That 
will come about INR 2,000 crores of revenue this year. So, in that case, we s till miss about 50% on the 
guidance. Can you shed some light on that? 
 
Ravi Dusad : There are two parts in your question. We had already communicated in October and 
November to our investors that there is a delay due to delay in production capacity, ramping up of 
production capacity due to monsoon and other factors which are beyond our co ntrol. So, before 
September, we have only 1 GW of production capacity. The new capacity addition will come in after 
September only. So, until and unless we do not have capacity addition, we cannot achieve the revenue 
guidance.  
 
[[PAGE 14]]
 
13 
Insolation Energy Limited 
Q3 9MFY26 Earnings Conference Call  17/02/2026 
So, this is what we have already communicated with our investors, and the current scenario, what we are 
envisaging right now is close to INR 2,000 crores. What we envisage that our plant will be operational in 
the month of June, July. But due to factors beyond our control, the plant is not operational. So, if capacities 
are not in line, then it is not possible to translate it into revenue. 
 
Kapil Advani: Okay, sir. Thank you. That’s all from my end. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. The next question comes from the line of Mr. Anil Parekh, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead, sir. 
 
Anil Parekh: Okay. Thank you for taking my question. This is my first con call. So, I wanted to ask the 
management, if they could share some information about what parts that go into currently making a solar 
panel that are being imported from China? And which of these parts do we intend to replace through 
either internal manufacturing or sourcing from within the leader country? And which parts will continue 
to be imported from China, three years out, five years out? 
 
Manish Gupta : Sir, right now there is a different type of cutting raw material which is used for the 
manufacturing of solar panel. One is solar cell, glass, aluminum frame, E PE junction boxes, ribbons, and 
like this item. If we say about the  manufacturing, component manufacturing is the raw material 
manufacturing in India. Right now, module manufacturing is 100% done in India. And for raw material, cell, 
we are now around 15 -20 GW cell manufacturing in our country. But in future, I think we h ave just one 
cell manufacturing capacity in our country within next three years. 
 
For glass, right now we have so much of the manufacturing capacity of glass. But lots of companies right 
now are coming with the glass, solar glass manufacturing. So, I think  within next two to three years, we 
are also independent for the glass manufacturing in our country.  
 
Same, the aluminum frame manufacturing capacities are also expanding in our country. Right now, we 
purchased from India also, and we are purchased from China and Malaysia also. But I think in future also, 
within two, three years, the same aluminum frame also fully manufactured in our country. 
 
And then ribbon, there is a copper ribbon which we are using. That also manufacturing capacity is 
expanding. Right now, we are also purchasing from India. More than 50% of our requirement we are 
purchasing from our country and the same in future. I think this is also manufactured in our country. 
 
EPE, also we have lots of manufacturing capacity in our country. So, we are more -- you can say, we are 
having enough capacity in our country. But as per customer requirement, we are purchasing from India 
also, and we are purchasing from China also.  
 
[[PAGE 15]]
 
14 
Insolation Energy Limited 
Q3 9MFY26 Earnings Conference Call  17/02/2026 
For the next major raw material is junction box. Junction box, we have enoug h capacity in our country 
right now. But as per the customer demand, because right now the customer is demanding some specific 
brand names for these raw materials. So, as per the customer requirement, we are purchasing from our 
country and from China also.  So, you can say, within next two to three years, I think for solar panel 
manufacturing, mostly supply chain is manufacture or we have availability in our country. And the 
government is also supporting. Right now, the central government is very much keen t o have all supply 
chain of solar panel up to polysilicon to Make in India. Solar panel already we have ALMM. Solar cell, ALCM 
come from January 26. ALWM or you can say ALMM Part 3 is effective from June 28, where Ingot or Wafer 
is also mandatory from Make in India.  
 
So, this government is very much keen to have all solar panel manufacture, or you can say, this supply 
chain manufacturing in our country only. 
 
Anil Parekh : So, sir, do you anticipate that in the next five years, India will become completely s elf-
sufficient with respect to solar panel manufacturing, including raw materials including frames? 
 
Manish Gupta: Maybe before that. Not five years, I think, within next three years. 
 
Anil Parekh: Okay. And my last question is about, a lot of conversation in India happening about the power 
super cycle. I was just wondering if you could talk a little about the power sector, like particularly about 
the power demand from data centers. Do you think they are more likely to use green energy such as yours, 
or more traditional forms of energy? And how big is the U.S. export opportunity that you talked about 
with respect to numbers? Any color you could provide that would really help. Thank you. 
 
Manish Gupta: I will tell you, sir, just you said the power requirement. You say that our country is still the 
power deficient country in the world. We are right now a manufacturer, you can say, we have generated 
486 GW of the power totally in whole. Out of that, around 221 GW from the coal, 123 plus GWs from the 
solar, 80-90GWs from the wind, and the balance from nuclear, hydro and other things. 
 
And, you know, India is now, the per capita power consumption of our country is 52. We are below than 
the Bangladesh, we are below than the Myanmar. Government is very keen to increa se the power 
manufacturing where you get the power production capacity in our country.  
 
Till 2030, our target is 500 GWs from the renewable sources. Out of that, around 298 GWs from the solar, 
and the balance is from, wind, nuclear, hydro, and other sources of nuclear power. And as far as my 
knowledge, this target is very -- you can say, you can see very nearly it is going to be changed. I think the 
government is changing that target from 500 GW to 1,200 to 1,300 GW till 2032 or 2033. So, government 
is also keen to increase the power generation in our country.  
 
[[PAGE 16]]
 
15 
Insolation Energy Limited 
Q3 9MFY26 Earnings Conference Call  17/02/2026 
And in data center, in EV charging, in AI, or you can say, in the EV data center and green hydrogen, BESS, 
these are the four sector which is very fast, up upcoming sector where the requirement of power is 
increasing day-by-day. And we think to achieve that requirement, to fulfill that power requirement, solar 
is the major sector from where we can fulfill our power requirement of our country. 
 
Anil Parekh: Right. Sir, you mentioned about solar being the major provider for power. Do you see that 
happening even though solar has a shelf life and there is substantial maintenance? 
 
Moderator: Sorry for the interruption. 
 
Anil Parekh: Yeah, that was my last question. 
 
Moderator: You can join the queue for more questions, sir. Dear participants, we kindly request you to 
restrict with one question and then you shall get back to the queue for more questions.  
 
The next question comes from the line of Sarang Joglekar from Vimana Capital, please go ahead. 
 
Sarang Joglekar: Yeah, hi. Thanks for the opportunity. Just wanted some color on the cell online CapEx. So, 
this year, FY27, we’ll be spending about INR 1,000 crores, right? And then the total CapEx is INR 1,300 
crore. Is that correct? 
 
Ravi Dusad: Yes. 
 
Sarang Joglekar: And this year, FY27, how much of that would you be spending? 
 
Ravi Dusad: As communicated earlier, it is in FY27 INR 750 crores. Close to INR 700 crores to 750 crores 
we will be spending. 
 
Sarang Joglekar: Understood, got it. And on the IPP side, what is the progress? And do you expect any 
revenue from that project in FY27? 
 
Ravi Dusad: See, the plant is commissioned in Q3, so we are expecting revenue in Q4. 
 
Sarang Joglekar: The IPP I'm talking about? 
 
Ravi Dusad: You are talking, yeah, please. What’s the question? Can you repeat the question, please? 
 
Sarang Joglekar: I am saying IPP , the IPP projects that you are doing, 400 MW, what’s the progress on that? 
And do you expect any -- like how much revenue do you expect in FY27? 
[[PAGE 17]]
 
16 
Insolation Energy Limited 
Q3 9MFY26 Earnings Conference Call  17/02/2026 
 
Manish Gupta: For IPP , these projects, there is two parts. One is for KUSUM A-part, which we have PPA in 
December, this last-to-last month. And the second part, where PPA is having earliest. So that 14, 15 plant, 
we have already commissioned, and we already start power generation, and we have all formalities done 
with the Rajasthan government. And the balance, the KUSUM A, which we get around 240 locations -- 211 
locations, for that, we got LOI in the month of December.  
 
PTA, we got in the month of December. Out of that 211 location, we have already finalized lease agreement 
and mutation around 100 sites. And the balance sites, the lead mutation is in the process. And for these 
100 sites, we have already done our working, and we will start formally work on the site or on the ground, 
maybe within this week or the next week. One by one, we are starting.  
 
We have finalized all the INC contractor. We have finalized mostly all the suppliers of the structures, 
transformers, inverters, etc. Solar panels, we are supplying from our factory. And banks, we are aligned 
with two, three major banks, especially, SBI bank, AU Bank, and Bank of Baroda. We have already aligned 
for this project loans. They have already given their in-principal approval for these loans. And these, all 
projects, we think we will complete these all projects within the -- whatever the stipulated timeline from 
the Rajasthan government. Maybe this is -- this timeline will be up to September 26.  
 
Moderator: Sorry for interrupting Sarang, sir. I request you to join the queue for more questions, sir. Thank 
you, sir. 
 
The next question comes from the line of Neerav Upendra, an individual investor. Please go ahead, sir. 
 
Neerav Upendra: So, the question is, we are looking for backward integration like solar cell, solar panel, 
and then Ingot and Wafers. So, in forward, we are establishing ourselves as an EPC player, and then we are 
also considering BESS. So, I would request for the update on the BESS, and are we considering being a 
player in green hydrogen or electrolyser? 
 
Manish Gupta: No. Right now we are not planning any for th is green hydrogen. We don’t have any plan 
for green hydrogen. And for BESS also, right now we are in the discussion and planning phase. Still, we are 
not finalizing any plant machines or anything for this BESS. We are just waiting for clear policies from the 
central government on the BESS.  
 
On the import of BESS, or they are putting any, like solar panel manufacturing, like ALMM type thing, 
anything for tender, where the local Indian tender, we are participating the Make in India, BSS, like this 
type of any policies. So, we are waiting for that policy to finalize the plan machinery, any further investment 
in the BESS. 
 
[[PAGE 18]]
 
17 
Insolation Energy Limited 
Q3 9MFY26 Earnings Conference Call  17/02/2026 
Neerav Upendra: Okay, and the second question is that since we are establishing an IPP business, so is 
there any long-term targets apart from this 400 MW that we are looking to build a portfolio of, so that we 
get a sustainable income revenue from it? 
 
Manish Gupta: Yes, definitely we are planning. If there are any tenders or there are any opportunities 
upcoming in our Rajasthan state or any o ther in state in the country, then definitely we are going to 
participate in  
that tenders. 
 
Neerav Upendra: Okay. Thank you very much. 
 
Moderator: Thank you so much, sir. The next question comes from the line of Priyanshu Maheshwari from 
Holani Venture Capital Fund, please go ahead.  
 
Priyanshu Maheshwari : Hello. Good afternoon, everyone. Congratulations, sir, on the great set of 
numbers. So, while going to the financials, despite infusion of INR 400 crores to the preferential issue last 
year, the finance cost has been on an incremental trend for the last two quarters, and overall, in the last 
nine months. So, can you shed some light on what the debt structure of the company? What was the end 
use of the debt? As well as what was the average cost, the weighted average cost of the debt that was 
raised? 
 
Ravi Dusad: So, the finance cost is almost short-term working capital. There are no long-term loans in the 
books. On a consolidated level, long term loans are very, very miniscule. In Insolation green energy, the 
main company where we raised money for setting up a plant, the working capital will be close to INR 350 
crores. So that working capital is for 3 GW capacity. The average price of the finance -- the average cost of 
the finance is 8%. And since the capacity is multifold, so utilization is multifold, and so the cost, the finance 
cost has increased. 
 
Priyanshu Maheshwari : Sure, thank you. Further can you please shed some light over the capacity 
utilization of all the three units separately? Because since you already mentioned the unit, the third unit 
came in commencement in September or in October. So, if you can just shed some light over the all the 
three capacity, total capacity and its utilization. 
 
Ravi Dusad: The capacity utilization, as per normal standards, capacity -- out of total installed capacity, 
50% to 55% can be utilized capacity, right. So, from Unit 1, we have less utilization. Unit 2 we have fully -- 
Unit 2 is fully utilized for first six months and moderately utilized in Q2. And Unit 3 is now more utilized 
because of the TOPCon facility we have, which has better yield, and better demand side. So, Unit 3 is more 
utilized as compared to Unit 1 and 2. And going forward, this will be the trend. 
 
[[PAGE 19]]
 
18 
Insolation Energy Limited 
Q3 9MFY26 Earnings Conference Call  17/02/2026 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt you Priyanshu sir. I would request you to join the queue for more questions, 
sir. 
 
Priyanshu Maheshwari: Sure. No worries. 
 
Moderator: Thank so much. The next question comes from the line of Chenna Satyanarayana, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead, sir. 
 
Chenna Satyanarayana: Yeah, good afternoon, sir. Am I audible, sir?  
 
Ravi Dusad: Yes. 
 
Chenna Satyanarayana: Sir, some of my questions are already answered. One question is about the initial 
turnover of INR 8,000 crores and top margin of 10% PAT margin which was initiated by the company. Last 
year, two or three updates we were given. When the investor can expect this figure, sir? 8,000 crores top 
line and 10% PAT margin? 
 
Ravi Dusad: Sorry, can you repeat your questions? 
 
Chenna Satyanarayana: Sometime during last year, the company has given updates to the stock exchange 
saying that the company envisages INR 8,000 crores top line and 10% PAT margin.  
 
Ravi Dusad: Yes. 
 
Chenna Satyanarayana: And when the investor can expect these figures, sir, actually? 
 
Ravi Dusad: The vision of $1 billion is still intact. We will -- going to achieve that vision in next three years. 
You will see, our top line will be $1 billion or INR 8,000 crores. What we have informed to investors will be 
met, and that is the vision, and we are working on it. 
 
Chenna Satyanarayana: That means in which year, sir? In FY28 can we achieve? 
 
Ravi Dusad: Yeah. Either in FY2728 or FY2829.  
 
Moderator: Sorry for interrupting Chenna sir. I would request you to ask one question in the initial round, 
and get back to the queue for more questions, sir. 
 
Chenna Satyanarayana: Right. Okay. 
 
[[PAGE 20]]
 
19 
Insolation Energy Limited 
Q3 9MFY26 Earnings Conference Call  17/02/2026 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Mr. Hemant Jain, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead, sir. 
 
Hemant Jain: Sir, I want to know the capacity utilization for half, H1, and then Q3 of our units. 
 
Ravi Dusad: See, we are on our growth phase. Our first line has been commercialized in the month of 
September. Second line will be in the month of December. So, it is not wise to give you the exact capitalized 
capacity utilization. Once the whole plant, whole INA 3 unit has been commercialized, then it will be wise 
to give you the capacity utilization. 
 
Hemant Jain: Okay, thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you so much, sir. The next question comes from the line of Mr . Sachin Raj, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead, sir. 
 
Sachin Raj: Yeah, am I audible that side?  
 
Ravi Dusad: Yes, please. 
 
Sachin Raj: Yes. So, my question is to Chairman, sir. What was the assumption that has been made when 
we chartered the investment plan? And second question is that, out of 100 sales that you must be placing 
in the market, what is the success rate of winning that? Out of 100, whether it is 36, 79, what is that?  
 
Manish Gupta: Sir, can you repeat your first question first? Voice is not louder. Can you speak, sir -- first 
question? 
 
Sachin Raj: Yeah, my first question to Chairman was, what were the assumptions that we made when we 
decided on this investment and to achieve the target of INR 8,000 crores? Because since we are saying 
that we are on track for next three years, what were those assumptions? And second question is that --  
 
Manish Gupta: First, I will reply your first question. The assumption is very clear, sir. We are around 5.5 
GW of the solar panel manufacturing. Then around 4.5 GW of the cell manufacturing, and the same -- the 
pace of 18000 MTA of the aluminum manufacturing is there.  
 
So, if you calculate in after two years, or you can say one by one, when after this FY27 Q4, when all 
manufacturing capacity is ramped up on their full, then FY28, when we are able to apply or able to run our 
factory on that pace, then each factory is producing their own manufacturing target. Means, solar panel 
manufacturing, we are planning that around INR 5,000 crore of the top line. The solar cell is nearly  
[[PAGE 21]]
 
20 
Insolation Energy Limited 
Q3 9MFY26 Earnings Conference Call  17/02/2026 
INR 3,000 crore to INR 3,500 crore of the t op line. And the aluminum, it is somewhere around INR 700 
crore to 800 crores of the top line for the next year. It means, you can say March 28, or you can say March 
27 onwards.  
 
So, we are taking all that exemption when our all-manufacturing capacity is fulfilled and working on their 
full pace. With this, we are able to achieve this $1 billion plus revenue.  
 
Sachin Raj: Okay, great. And one quick question, sorry to moderator, but out of 100 bids placed in the 
market, either it is a tender or it is some quotation-based bid, what is our success rate till now? Out of 
100, how many times we are receiving the order? 
 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt Sachin, sir, in the interest of time, I would request you to rejoin the queue, 
sir. 
 
Manish Gupta: Sir, one minute. Sir, around 30% to 40% we have our success rate wherever we submit our 
offer as we are going to market with our INA brand.  
 
Sachin Raj: Okay. Thank you.  
 
Moderator: Thank you so much, sir. The next question is a follow-up question from Mr. Tarun Agarwal from 
Tata Investment Limited Corporation. Sir, I would request you to take one question at a time, sir. Thank 
you. 
 
Tarun Agarwal: Yeah, hello. So, my question pertains to the Mono PERC conversion to TOPCon, because, I 
guess, the more contribution is coming from the TOPCon facility. And if you can just bifurcate the revenue 
contribution between the TOPCon line and the Mono PERC line, and is there any possibility that the Mono 
PERC line would be converted to the Topcon facility in the near future?  
 
And also, just add to this question, you have mentioned in your presentation that the wafer line would not 
be a built-up line, but would more be a taken line from another one. So how this would help in terms of 
synergy for INA? 
 
Manish Gupta: Sir, I will answer you one by one. First, you asked our bifurcation of Mono and TOPCon. So, 
if we say about the H1 or FY26, the major contribution is fo r Mono line in the H1. And in the Q3, it is 
around you can say 50 -50 of the contribution in Q3. And in Q4, definitely the contribution of TOPCon is 
increasing and Mono PERC is decreasing, in Q4. 
 
Tarun Agarwal: Yes. 
[[PAGE 22]]
 
21 
Insolation Energy Limited 
Q3 9MFY26 Earnings Conference Call  17/02/2026 
Manish Gupta: And if we see about FY27, then definitely if I can say, that more than 80% is TOPCon, and I 
think less than 20%, or maybe a little at the end of the ‘27, maybe Mono PERC will be stopped. So, 
whenever we have requirement in the market for Mono PERC or we get the DCR cell from the market, we 
are running over this Mono PERC facility, because still lots of requirements are coming from the market or 
especially from the Pradhan Mantri Suryoday Yojana  for 550 W of the DCR Monopanel. Until then, 
whenever we get the  DCR cells and we have our own market, then we will regularly manufacturing the 
Mono PERC. 
 
And your second question, whether we can change this Mono PERC facility to Topcon? Yes, we can change 
this facility, from Mono PERC to TOPCon, and we have already bought all kits for changing this Mono PERC 
to TOPCon, and we are also -- we are in process to ready our civil construction in our new INA 3 unit, where 
we will transfer in future, this all-Mono PERC. Facility, convert into TOPCon.  
 
Tarun Agarwal: Understood. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. In the interest of time, that will be the last question for the day. Now, I hand 
over the floor to the management for the closing comments. 
 
Ravi Dusad: So, we once again thank you to all our valuable investors for joining this conference call. Thank 
you once again from Insolation Energy Limited. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference for today. Thank you for 
your participation. You may disconnect your lines now. Thank you, and have a pleasant day. 
 
 
 
