[[PAGE 1]]
 
WAAREE Energies Ltd. 
Registered Office: 
602, Western Edge – 1, Western Express Highway, Borivali (E), Mumbai – 400 066, INDIA. 
Tel: +91-22-6644 4444. Fax: +91-22-6644 4400.  
Email: waaree@waaree.com.Website:www.waaree.com 
Corporate Identity Number:L29248MH1990PLC059463 
 
 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
To  
The Manager,  
Listing Department  
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code:  544277 
  
 
To 
The Manager,  
Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1 Block G,  
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (East)  
Mumbai - 400 051 
Trading Symbol: WAAREEENER 
Sub: Transcript of the Analysts/Institutional Investors Meeting / Call on Unaudited Financial 
Results for the Quarter and Nine months ended December 31, 2025 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the conference call on Unaudited 
Financial Results (Standalone and Consolidated) for the Quarter and Nine months ended 
December 31, 2025 held on Thursday, January 22, 2026 at 03:30 p.m. (IST). 
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company i.e. www.waaree.com. 
  
Kindly take the information on record. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Waaree Energies Limited  
 
 
 
Rajesh Ghanshyam Gaur  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M.No. A34629  
 
 
 
[[PAGE 2]]
 
 Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
“Waaree Energies Limited Q3 & 9M FY-26 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
January 22, 2026 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. AMIT PAITHANKAR – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR & 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, WAAREE ENERGIES 
LIMITED 
MS. SONAL SHRIVASTAVA – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, WAAREE ENERGIES LIMITED 
MR. ABHISHEK PAREEK – GROUP HEAD FINANCE, 
WAAREE ENERGIES LIMITED 
MR. NEERAJ VINAYAK – VICE-PRESIDENT - INVESTOR 
RELATIONS, WAAREE ENERGIES LIMITED 
MR. ROHIT WADE – GENERAL MANAGER - INVESTOR 
RELATIONS, WAAREE ENERGIES LIMITED 
MODERATOR: MR. NIKUNJ JAIN – MUFG INTIME INDIA PRIVATE 
LIMITED  

[[PAGE 3]]
 Waaree Energies Limited 
January 22, 2026 
 
 Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Q3 and 9-month FY26 Earnings Conference 
Call of Waaree Energies Limited hosted by MUFG Intime India Private Limited. 
As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing  ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nikunj Jain from MUFG Intime Private Limited. Thank 
you and over to you, Sir. 
Nikunj Jain: Thank you, Iqra. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I welcome you to the Q3 and 9-month 
FY26 Earnings Conference Call for Waaree Energies Limited. 
To discuss this quarter's performance, we have from the Management, Mr. Amit Pa ithankar – 
Whole-Time Director and Chief E xecutive Officer, Ms. Sonal S hrivastava – Chief Financial 
Officer, Mr. Abhishek Pare ek – Group Head Finance, Mr. Neeraj Vinayak  – Vice-President - 
Investor Relations, and Mr. Rohit Wade – General Manager - Investor Relations.  
Before we proceed with the call, I would like to mention that some of the statements made in 
today's call may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risk and uncertainties. For more 
detailed disclaimer, kindly refer to the investor presentation and other filings that can be found 
on the company's website and stock exchanges. 
Without further ado, I would like to hand over the call to the Management for their opening 
remarks and then we can open the floor for Q&A. Thank you and over to you, Mr. Amit sir. 
Amit Paithankar: Thank you very much, Nikunj. Very, very good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you 
very much for joining us for the Q3 FY26 Earnings Call of Waaree Energies Limited. I shall be 
referring to the presentation that has been uploaded on the Stock Exchanges. If you have the 
presentation handy, it would be helpful to follow the conversation.  
Before we begin, I would like to briefly highlight the cover page of our presentation.  The 
facilities showcased here represent the scale and depth of our manufacturing footprint , b oth 
domestic and international. These are hubs powering our integrated solar and energy transition 
platform, enabling us to deliver consistently at scale with speed and with precision. Many of our 
upcoming facilities are in close vicinity of Vapi, which is the first proposed station for the 
upcoming bullet train, cutting down the travel time between Mumbai and Vapi to less than 45 
minutes. The highway connectivity and bullet train access provides seamless logistics and 
employee attractiveness. 
Now I move to the most exciting part of the presentation, our Q3 Results: 
[[PAGE 4]]
 Waaree Energies Limited 
January 22, 2026 
 
 Page 3 of 19 
On Slide #3; Waaree Energies L imited has reported yet another stellar quarter with a revenue 
growth of 118.8% year -on-year and EBITDA growth of 167.2% year -on-year. Our PAT grew 
118.4% year-on-year. These are record-breaking numbers, ladies and gentlemen, and they stand 
as a testament to our  razor-sharp focus on growth and on creating value for all of our 
stakeholders, including all of you who are listening to the call.  
Moving to the Slide #4; our module production increased by 94% on a year -on-year basis, and 
the cell production increased by 35% quarter-on-quarter. This is supported by a solid order book 
of ~Rs. 60,000 crores, a healthy order pipeline e xceeding 100 gigawatts.  This order pipeline 
gives us visibility for upcoming quarters ahead. The geographical revenue mix remains balanced 
with 67.4% contribution from domestic market and the remainder overseas. Retail and EPC 
segments continue to gain traction, further diversifying our revenue streams. 
On Slide #5; I am delighted to share that Waaree has become the First Indian Solar Manufacturer 
to achieve over 1 gigawatt of module production in a single month, producing nearly 52 modules 
per minute. Just eight more modules to go to hit the ne xt record. This demonstrates our 
manufacturing excellence driven by advanced automation, strong engineering capabilities, and 
continuous innovation, reinforcing Wa aree’s leadership in India's clean energy manufacturing 
landscape. Furthermore, we have also secured no n-Chinese fully traceable polysilicon supply 
chain through our strategic investment in United Solar Holdings based out of Oman. This further 
strengthens our position as a reliable partner in the United States of America and other 
international markets. Dur ing the quarter, we raised around Rs. 1,000 crores of equity for 20 
gigawatt-hour advanced lithium-ion battery and pack manufacturing facility. 
Moving to Slide #7; this is one of the most important slides of the deck. This is what keeps us 
excited. This is what keeps us energized.  This is what keeps us coming every day to 
work.Waaree  1.0 represents module and cells, but we are now investing in full solar value chain 
from polysilicon, ingots and wafers, cells, and modules. We are also investing across the energy 
transition ecosystem to build a fully integrated multi-energy global platform. Our expansion and 
investments into  battery storage, inverters, transformers, power infrastructure, and electrolysers 
as a part of green energy ecosystems, we are building what we now call as Waaree 2.0.  
Moving to Slide #8; indigenization of inverters is vital for data protection and for control. India's 
market is expected to grow fourfold by 2035. Waaree has already commissioned phase one of 
its three-gigawatt inverter facility at Sarodhi, Gujarat, with phase two comprising of 1 gigawatt 
addition to be operational by FY27.  Leveraging our retail reach, we are offering secure, 
localized, and advanced inverter solutions, strengthening India's energy ecosystem.  
Moving on to Slide #9; transformer is an extremely important component in the overall solar as 
well as transmission and distribution value chain. India continues to see a huge supply gap and 
to address this, Waaree is expanding its capacity to 20,000 MVA with a planned Capex of ~Rs. 
192 crores. This will expand our product portfolio across distribution, inverter duty, and e xtra 
[[PAGE 5]]
 Waaree Energies Limited 
January 22, 2026 
 
 Page 4 of 19 
high-voltage transformers. We have already secured an order book of Rs. 245 crores, including 
a large order from a global multinational major, validating our quality benchmarks.  
Moving to Slide # 10; battery energy storage system is going to be an e xtremely important 
component of the entire value chain to ensure that we have 24 x7 renewable power supply.  
Waaree is building its 20 -gigawatt-hour facility to be ready by FY28. We aim to indigenize a 
large part of the value chain, catering to utilities, C&I customers, residential demand, and data 
centres. This will include anode, cathode, and electrolyte facilities in India. 
Moving to Slide #11; we are playing our part to solve land and connectivity  related issues that 
at times slow renewable power adoption in India. We have already signed PPA worth 713 
megawatts, with credit worthiness of utilities backing us up, global C&Is, and have already 
secured connectivity of 6.1 gigawatts, with land of ~3,500 secured acres and 13,500 acres tied 
up under acquisition.  
Moving to Slide #12; we are taking early steps in green hydrogen market through setting up a 1 
gigawatt electrolyser facility with planned CAPEx of ~Rs. 676 crores. The capacity is expected 
to be operationalized by FY27. And for that, we have a PLI of Rs. 444 crores. 
On Slide #13; the outlook for solar industry continues to be buoyant and will support the very 
healthy growth of the entire solar value ecosystem from manufacturing to deployment.  This is 
also aided by strong policy from the government. We see similar tailwind in the broader 
international market also.  
Slide #14; we continue to expand on stated timelines for our modules, cells, and ingots & wafers 
plant. We expect to operationalize all of these by FY27.  
Moving to Slide #15; our modules continue to rank among the highest achievers globally, with 
Waaree being recognized as Tier-1 PV module maker for the 39th consecutive quarter. All these 
awards, recognitions stand as our testament to highest quality standards and performance 
benchmarks. 
On Slide # 17; our CSR initiatives are of immense importance to us. W aaree continues to 
contribute meaningfully to society through educational support, tree plantation drives, cyclone 
relief efforts, healthcare initiatives, and partnership with IIT Bombay.  
Moving to Slide #18; we reaffirm our sustainability commitment. Waaree is progressing towards 
net zero Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions by 2030, and Scope 3 by 2040. We are proud to be the 
first Indian module manufacturer to receive EPD certification and have secured gold medal in 
EcoVadis Sustainability Rating. 
With this absolutely brilliant news, ladies and gentlemen, I now hand it over to Sonal – our Chief 
Financial Officer, for her remarks. 
[[PAGE 6]]
 Waaree Energies Limited 
January 22, 2026 
 
 Page 5 of 19 
Sonal Shrivastava: Thank you, Amit, and a good afternoon to all of you and welcome to our Q3 earnings call. It is 
really a pleasure to share that W aaree has delivered yet another quarter of e xceptional 
performance, clearly reflecting the strength of our strategy, team commitment, and consistent 
execution.  
Let me take you through the results. For the quarter; we have reported revenues from operations 
of Rs. 7 ,565.05 crores, reflecting a robust growth of 118 .81% on a year -on-year basis. Our 
operating EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs. 1,928 .15 crores, again reflecting a massive 
167.16% growth on a year -on-year basis. Profit after ta x came in at about Rs. 1 ,106.79 crores 
versus Rs. 506.88 crores last year. Looking at the nine-month number, the revenue has crossed 
Rs. 18,000 crores already and operating EBITDA has reached Rs.  4,332 crores approximately. 
And the margin, of course, has expanded to almost 24% versus 17% last year in the same period. 
Profit after tax for nine months stood at Rs. 2,757.89 crores. So, a great performance from team 
Waaree and now, over to you, Amit. 
Amit Paithankar: Indeed, Sonal. Thank you very much. Well, absolutely brilliant performance. Finally, let's bring 
it all together. Waaree Energies Limited has delivered yet another record-breaking quarter with 
the highest -ever quarterly module production of 3.5 gigawatts, highest -ever revenue from 
operations, best-ever quarterly operating EBITDA with margins expanding beyond 25%, record 
EBITDA of Rs. 2,124 crores for Q3 2026, highest -ever order book of Rs.  60,000 crores and a 
strong pipeline of over 100 gigawatts, e xecution of all projects across modules, cells, ingots & 
wafers, inverters, battery energy storage systems, and green hydrogen electrolysers are 
progressing as planned. Ladies and gentlemen, we see a clear visibility of surpassing our 
EBITDA guidance of Rs. 5,500 to Rs.  6,000 crores for FY2026. With that, I will hand it over 
back to Nikunj. 
Nikunj Jain: Yes, we will open the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question -and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Nitin Arora from Axis Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Arora: Hi, thanks for giving the opportunity. The first question is, on your cell utilization, you are still 
at about 56%. Correct me if I am wrong.  Can you tell us, what challenges are you facing with 
respect to moving up this utilization? Because it's been more than a year now. And are there 
some technical challenges? Are the breakages very high? Is it the water effluent system which 
is creating problems? Can you throw some light  and how do you see trajectory going forward 
for this? That's my first question. And then I will take up the second question. 
Amit Paithankar: Sure. Well, Nitin, thank you very much for the question. So, ramping up our cell facility is  
technically evolved. But in terms of the I would like to give you the current rate of utilization, 
which is hovering at around 80% to 81% and it continues to grow. And we have actually planned 
for some major upgrades to move to G12R cells, which will happen in the ne xt 3 months here, 
after which we expect the capacity utilization to be well above 85 % or maybe even 90%. And 
[[PAGE 7]]
 Waaree Energies Limited 
January 22, 2026 
 
 Page 6 of 19 
so, I think we are on track. The technical issues that you refer to in terms of effluent, in terms of 
breakages and all of that is a part and parcel of growing up. And I think most of the teething 
trouble is behind us. And I think it's the performance that we will see now. 
Nitin Arora: Sorry. I mean, till December quarter, you were at 56. And then suddenly last 20 days, you are at 
86. Is what you are trying to say? 
Amit Paithankar: 80%. We are saying we are touching 80 % now. That's correct. It's a phase ramp up. So, if you 
look at the entire quarter, you might see it at 56. But at a given day, as you see the running rate 
it keeps changing. 
Nitin Arora: All right. So, we will see that in the ne xt quarter. No problem. Second question with respect to 
a lot of concern amongst investors is higher commodity prices, silver and all. And people are 
thinking this way, there  is going to be a collapse in the gross margin for companies who are 
making cells and modules. How are you looking at it at this aspect? Because your gross margin 
has been pretty healthy. But over the ne xt, let's say, because what we have seen, both people 
who are taking more cells and as well as modules at this point in time, they are sold out for the 
next 1.5 years now. And you can correct me on that. So just going forward for the next little bit 
longer term, do you see gross margin coming under pressure? Because order book is very 
healthy. So, you see some efficiency gain that could offset. So first, if you can throw some light 
about this commodity basket, is it going to hurt your gross margin going forward? And second, 
if that is to some e xtent, it can. Can it get offset by operati onal leverage and efficiency gain?  
Because we have seen these kind s of commodity cycles move for Chinese players also. But in 
their peak cycle for the 10 years, margin actually went up because of the scale. So, can you throw 
some light on this aspect? 
Amit Paithankar: No, this is another phenomenal question. Now, from a margin perspective and I will also get 
Sonal to weigh on some of the important numbers. But broadly, from a margin perspective, there 
is a lot of structural stability associated with this margin. And why is that? Number one, because 
of the fact that our production continues to keep improving every day. Right, Like I said, first of 
all, the sales and the utilization keep going up on a daily basis. We see substantial change , 
number one.  Number two, the content of DCR in our overall basket keeps increasing. So 
therefore, that helps the margin in a structural manner. And overall, the way in which we go to 
the market, the mix that we have also lends a certain stability to the market. From a commodity 
pricing and gross margin perspective, I am just going to have Sonal weigh in on this. 
Sonal Shrivastava: Yes. So basically, I will answer it in two parts. One is really, I think, the question you asked 
about silver and the other commodities.  And the other one is really the overall philosophy of 
managing gross margins. Let me take the first second one first. So, we have been constantly 
saying that gross margin is what we manage at Wa aree. And there are multiple levers that we 
look it into and we don't like to take commodity risks. When I have an order book, which I book 
ahead, we do a back-to-back cell tying, which we have been doing for the last many years. And 
whether it is the high-cost traceability cells for US or it is the cell for the domestic market, or it 
[[PAGE 8]]
 Waaree Energies Limited 
January 22, 2026 
 
 Page 7 of 19 
is my own wafer and silver procurement for my own cell production. All of this is very much 
tied in. Now, coming to very specific. So, we have a leeway, we have already done that purchase 
against a certain order. However, there are certain parts of the order, like the retail, etc., which 
is DCR essentially, where we have to manage, let's say, wafer and silver costs on an ongoing 
basis. And this is, again, very much managed with the pricing we do in the market. And as far 
as commodity price is concerned or s ilver impact is concerned, it's less than 9% on a module 
basis. And, there are other levers which can compensate and they have compensated in the last 
quarter, which is the operating leverage, which you rightly mentioned. So, we continue to look 
at all these baskets and it's a dynamic action that we are taking in Waaree. 
Nitin Arora:  Thanks for asking that. Just lastly, on the same topic, because I am just starting the context that 
you already sold out. I mean, all the cell players and Module for, and only the cell players has 
been blocking a lot for next 1.5 years. I am sure you must be tying up orders now for FY28. In 
that context, do you see anyone creating a pricing pressure for both?  And I am assuming FY28 
people are looking for more DCR tying up of cells. Do you see any pricing pressure getting 
created? Because at the ground level, we don't see any new capacities coming up. So, people are 
writing, but the ramp up has been very slow. So, if you can throw some light on that on the 
pricing part. 
Amit Paithankar: This is again a good question. So, from a pricing perspective, we will have to closely observe 
the way in which it works out. At this point in time, we are seeing that the pricing is kind of 
stable. Coupled with that, what is happening is that because of the efficiencies of manufacturing 
and we talked about margins coming there off to your last question. There could be a bit of a 
room for price movement as well as we move forward. But we will have to observe it as it 
unfolds. 
Nitin Arora: Thank you very much. I will come back in the queue. Thanks for answering this. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mohit Kumar from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Mohit Kumar: Hi, good afternoon, sir. And thank you for taking my question  and congratulations on a very - 
very good quarter. So, my question comes primarily on the risk side. Is there anything going on 
the anti-dumping duty case, which was pursued in Indonesia, India in the Laos and how are we 
trying to insulate from it? 
Amit Paithankar: So overall, we are we are observing all of these events as they are unfolding. I think it will be 
preliminary at this stage to really comment on because something concrete really needs to come 
out of all this.  We continue to be transparent as an organization. We continue to make sure that 
we are abiding by laws of all the countries that we operate in. And then any requirement from 
our side, we make sure that we are fulfilling that. That's the first one. The second very important 
aspect is the way in which we deal with this. So, if you have to be a global multinational player, 
we also want to make sure that in our key markets, we are actually manufacturing as well. So, 
[[PAGE 9]]
 Waaree Energies Limited 
January 22, 2026 
 
 Page 8 of 19 
US happens to be an important market for us and we are manufacturing in the United States. 
And not only manufacturing, but we are doubling down on the investments as well. So, we have 
in the last quarter itself reported that we are taking over assets of Meyer Burger. And we continue 
to look out for those kinds of opportunities as well as organically increasing the capacity that we 
have. 
Mohit Kumar: Understood. My second question is on the polysilicon tie up which you have done in the Oman. 
What is the kind of, when do you expect the first polysilicon to be manufactured? Can you give 
us some tentative timelines? 
Abhisheek Pareek : So, the plant is already at a very advanced stage. In fact, the production expectation is to start 
from the current quarter itself. The  financial closure was already done with our investment  
committee and uptake agreements in place.  You can e xpect the production starting from this 
quarter itself.  
Mohit Kumar:  Understood. Thank you and all the best. 
Amit Paithankar: Thank you, Mohit. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhruv Muchhal from HDFC AMC. Please go 
ahead. 
Dhruv Muchhal: Thank you so much. Congrats on the strong set of numbers. So, first question is on the 5.4 
gigawatts cell capacity. Now, there are different ways in which companies are quoting capacity. 
So, if you can help us at what watt peak levels is this capacity quoted at? And how does this shift 
to G12? I believe you mentioned about G12. How does this shift to G12 help in ramping up the 
productivity? 
Amit Paithankar: So essentially, you look at the cell and you look at the output and you multiply that per cell 
output by the number of cells that you produce. And that's where you get your total watt peak 
that you manufacture. That's the way it is.  That's the way we should be looking at it. The 
efficiency is a different parameter altogether. And so, if it's a lower efficiency, you will have to 
produce more cells. If it's a higher efficiency, you will have to produce less cells. And so that 
efficiency equation keeps changin g as you keep maturing your supply. Having said that, 
directionally, it is in the region of around 24%-24.5% from a cell efficiency perspective. That's 
where we are hovering. 
Dhruv Muchhal: Sorry to interrupt. I think I was trying to understand. Some companies quote capacity, let's say 
11 watt peak at a single cell level or some quote at 8 watt peak. So what's our benchmark? And 
when we say 5.4, what does it indicate? And hence the question. 
Amit Paithankar No, I understand that. See, I think each cell, now G12R is a bigger cell. So, its watt peak per cell 
is going to be higher.  A smaller cell will have a lower watt peak. So, we can have a separate 
discussion technically on this. But the important part here to understand is each cell multiplied 
[[PAGE 10]]
 Waaree Energies Limited 
January 22, 2026 
 
 Page 9 of 19 
by the total watt peak per cell multiplied by total number of cells is equal to the production 
capacity that you have. That's the basic equation. And when we say 5.4 gigawatts, it comes from 
there. 
Dhruv Muchhal: Sure. Got it. Perfect. I will probably have this offline. The second question is on the US market 
for us. Is it possible to share the volumes that we did in US and also the amount of IRA that we 
might have booked in the 3Q? 
Amit Paithankar: Refer this to Sonal to get the exact numbers. 
Sonal Shrivastava: Yes, we did roughly of 275 megawatts in US. 
Dhruv Muchhal: This is the local US production. 
Sonal Shrivastava: That's right. 
Dhruv Muchhal: And what is the IRA that we might have booked? I think last quarter you had mentioned about 
Rs. 162 odd crores. 
Sonal Shrivastava: Yes. So, this quarter we booked roughly Rs. 80 crores. And it is booked really at the cost of IRA 
as we know is ¢7 per watt peak. But we booked 90% of that. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 90% of that. Thank you so much.  
Amit Paithankar:  Thank you very much, Dhruv. 
Moderator: Thank you. The ne xt question is from the line of Kunal Shah from DAM Capitals. Please go 
ahead. 
Kunal Shah: Hi, sir. First, I just wanted to understand that you mentioned about overachieving or EBITDA 
guidance for FY26. But now could you provide some color on how we see the EBITDA growth 
or absolute number sort of shaping up for FY27 or any medium-term guidance? 
Amit Paithankar: I would have loved to give you that guidance if I had that guidance in my mind. Well, maybe I 
have it in my mind, but I think it will be premature to talk about it right now. 
Kunal Shah: Understood.  
Amit Paithankar: The margin stability question which was asked a couple of questions ago. From a stability 
perspective, there are structural reasons why we should be buoyant about it. 
Kunal Shah: Understood. Secondly, on the order book now, on a bookkeeping basis, but could you please 
provide a split between the domestic and overseas on the  Rs. 60,000 crores and now within 
domestic, a split between modules and cells if possible? 
[[PAGE 11]]
 Waaree Energies Limited 
January 22, 2026 
 
 Page 10 of 19 
Amit Paithankar: So, that's roughly 35-65 split with 65 overseas and 35 is domestic. And we consume almost all 
of the cells that we use. And so, therefore, they go into our own module production. So, that split 
may not overall…Ladies and gentlemen, again, our apologies. I don't know what happened here, 
but our apologies to be on the blink for a couple of minutes here. But let's resume with the 
questions. 
Kunal Shah: Yes. So, you just mentioned that the cells you are using captively. So, now just to take it up 
further, within domestic, could you just provide a split between non-DCR and DCR if possible? 
Amit Paithankar: Within domestic, the DCR and non -DCR, I am just looking at the numbers here. I would say 
roughly, I mean a good 80%-85% will be non-DCR at this point in time, directionally. But that 
keeps changing, that keeps changing as more cells keep coming up. 
Kunal Shah: Understood. And also, just wanted to understand on the domestic order book now, especially on, 
let's say, the DCR front. Now, are these orders sort of secured by advances or does the client 
open up an LC as in when you sign the contract and move ahead? Just wanted to understand this 
from perspective, like how are we thinking to safeguard against potential renegation of contracts 
in an uncertain price environment? 
Amit Paithankar: Right. Again, a great question, Kunal. From our perspective, we actually consider order to be 
firm when we have a certain amount of advance.  So, that should not be an issue, number one. 
On the retail side of the equation, we actually typically ship when we have the entire money in 
our hand. And so, from that perspective, we make sure that fiscally we are behaving in a very 
prudent manner. 
Kunal Shah: And these quantum of advances, could you just tell, like it's 5%, 10%, like any number or is it 
just contract to contract here?  
Sonal Shrivastava: It's generally contract to contract and ranges anywhere between 5% to even 15%. 
Moderator:  The next question is from the line of Aman Jain from Bernstein. Please go ahead. 
Aman Jain: Thanks for taking my question.  So, I just wanted some color regarding US revenue for this 
quarter. The first question being, is it all US locally manufactured or does it include e xport 
numbers also? 
Amit Paithankar: No, typically, in any given quarter, we have a certain quantity which we ship from India. And 
there is a fair bit that comes from the factories that are based in the US. So, it's a mix. 
Aman Jain: Thank you. Will it be possible for you to give the split between two? 
Sonal Shrivastava: So, basically, if you look at the top line, of course, it may not be additive. There are intercompany 
eliminations are there. But the top line in US has come over 2 ,000 crores. The sale volume I 
[[PAGE 12]]
 Waaree Energies Limited 
January 22, 2026 
 
 Page 11 of 19 
mentioned. So, there's production and there's sale. So, the sale volume has come in terms of 
megawatts at 300. 
Aman Jain: 300 would be?  
Sonal Shrivastava: 300 Megawatts. 
Aman Jain: Got it. Yes, I was saying with the US tariffs in place, how are we managing the exports? 
Amit Paithankar: So, the rule in the US is wherever the cell is manufactured, that is what is the deemed country 
of origin for that particular panel or module. So, therefore, if you are able to lay out your supply 
chain in such a way that cells are manufactured in a location where the tariffs are minimal, then 
the impact to your business is typically minimal. And that's how we have been managing till 
now. The tariff situation, as you know is continuously evolving. And we will continue to watch 
as it evolves and how can we best respond to it. But for now, the key is to make sure that you 
manufacture cells at the right location. 
Aman Jain: Got it. Does it mean that we are also exporting modules made with cells not made in India? Are 
you manufacturing from other countries? 
Amit Paithankar: Yes, we are. 
Aman Jain: Got it. Thank you. Thank you so much for your answers. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dheeraj Kripalani from Avendus Spark. Please 
go ahead. 
Dheeraj Kripalani: So, first of all, congratulations on a great set of numbers. So, I have a couple of questions. First 
question is a follow-up on a previous question regarding the commodity pricing and all. So, are 
our contracts with the customer fixed contracts or are they pass through? Like, commodity risk 
is with the company, or we pass it on to the customers? 
Amit Paithankar: So, we have a combination, Dheeraj. Sometimes we have passed through, sometimes it's on us. 
So, it really depends on individual customers. 
Dheeraj Kripalani: Okay. So, it depends on contract to contract. And I just want to know your views on this export 
rebates by China. Like, how are we looking to get it? 
Amit Paithankar: The export rebates are tapering off as you know. And that is actually, in a sense, I would say it's 
a good news.  We are seeing that the cell prices from ¢4 to ¢4.5 are now jumping to roughly 
around ¢6 per watt -peak as a direct result of some of the actions taken by the Chinese 
government. Now, what is going to happen is, in a sense, what happens is that it actually proves 
up some of the costs that China has. And so, that makes India also a good viable alternative as a 
[[PAGE 13]]
 Waaree Energies Limited 
January 22, 2026 
 
 Page 12 of 19 
supply chain worldwide. So, I would say if you zoom out, overall, it's a good thing for the world 
and for India as well. 
Dheeraj Kripalani: Got it. And, sir, currently, what is the cost of production of cells in India, if we look at it in cents 
per watt or rupees per watt? 
Sonal Shrivastava: Yes. It's ranging between around ¢7 as of now. And, of course, the scale benefit will also kick 
in once we continue to ramp up our operation. 
Dheeraj Kripalani: And how much percentage of it is silver, if you can tell? 
Sonal Shrivastava: On a cell basis, silver will be about 25%. 
Dheeraj Kripalani: 25%. And could you just give me the current DCR and non-DCR module current realizations? 
Sonal Shrivastava: Yes. So, again, the non -DCR module is ranging between Rs. 18.5 per watt-peak. And DCR is 
roughly Rs. 23-24 per watt-peak. 
Dheeraj Kripalani: Got it. This is the last question. How do we handle the... 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Abhi Sehgal from Singularity AMC. Please go ahead. 
Abhi Sehgal: Hello, sir. Congratulations on a great set of numbers. Just two questions from our end.  So, one 
is that we have produced about 800 megawatts of solar cells this quarter. So, just wanted to 
understand, obviously, on nameplate capacity, it works out to about 60%, but you mentioned it's 
about 80%. Just realistically, once it hits peak production , what would the utilization number 
look like based on the nameplate capacity? 
Amit Paithankar: So, Abhi, and this very similar question was asked by another gentleman right at the beginning 
as well. As a quarter, yes, you are right. You just look at it from a nameplate capacity and then 
you arrive at 55%-60%. But this changes every day because ramp up changes almost on a daily 
basis. So, if you look at it today, we are roughly in the region of around 80% on a daily basis. 
And we expect to reach, when it is matured, north of 90%.  And we expect that to come to the 
level of, I would say in the next 3 to 4 months' time, we should reach at that. And Abhishek here 
will add something to that. 
Abhishek Pareek: To give you better clarity here, if you look at the ramp up compared to last quarter, and our 
current numbers of cell production going to the north of 350 -odd megawatts a month, at this 
level, the number stands at around 80% utilization, which Amit  ji just mentioned over the call. 
Going ahead, when this 340-350 megawatt monthly production of cell goes further beyond that, 
we get in the trajectory of 85%-90% odd.  
[[PAGE 14]]
 Waaree Energies Limited 
January 22, 2026 
 
 Page 13 of 19 
Abhi Sehgal: And sir, realistically, when we are going in for 10 gigawatt s of cell capacity also, how much 
time do you think it would take to ramp up to this 90? Will it still take about a year or so, or how 
much time would realistically take for the new 10 gigawatts cell capacity? 
Amit Paithankar: See, I would say for every line and it always typically you start manufacturing setup line by line. 
So, every line, I would say will take anywhere between 4 to 6 months. The first few lines, maybe 
they will take about 6 months, but then the learning kind of sticks.  And of course, we have the 
learning of this 5.4 gigawatts. So, all of that taken together, we will actually start leaning more 
towards 4 months is what my estimation will be for the new 10 gigawatts of facility.  
Abhi Sehgal:  Noted. And last one question from my end is that we will be having module capacity of about 
24 gigawatts in India. 
Moderator: Mr. Sehgal, sorry to interrupt, but please rejoin the queue for more questions.  Thank you. The 
next question is from the line of Akshay Gattani from UBS. Please go ahead. 
Akshay Gattani: Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. If you can help us understand the broad economics of 
battery manufacturing, you are doing a complete backward battery manufacturing of 20 
gigawatts. So, how much can be the revenue potential and how much can be the profitability 
likely payback? In this quarter, you have taken first order. I think this is more of a trial or pilot 
order for 10 megawatts BESS. So, any understanding color here will be great. 
Amit Paithankar: Sure. Yes, Akshay. As you can imagine, this is in its embryonic phases at this point in time. So, 
to give you hard numbers which are of audit grade will probably not be possible. But only after 
we start manufacturing, we will be able to for certain tell you how it turns out. However, from a 
budget and a thought process perspective, we have some ide as in our mind, and I will hand it 
over to Abhishek to talk about that. 
Abhishek Pareek: So, Akshay, if you look at the battery scenario, battery manufacturing in India and the market 
pricing hovering of ex-China and US markets, there is a big amount of range in which the battery 
pricing are hovering. Like in Indian markets, the landed cost of  BESS from a T ier-1 
manufacturer ranges somewhere around $70 to $80 per megawatt  hour. Similarly, in terms of 
the US market, it's almost 40 % to 50 % higher than that.  So, as we are going ahead with 
manufacturing in US for module, we already have manufacturing in India and we see the same 
customer traction even for battery markets. So, you can e xpect the mix of domestic export and 
somewhere revenues coming from a market giving $80 per megawatt hour versus market giving 
$140 to $150 per megawatt hour. So, that's how the number could hover between 1.5x to 2x of 
asset(inaudible) in terms of hard numbers. However, this being very early stage, committing any 
numbers would not be correct. But the broader understanding is something that if we are 
investing around a billion dollars, the revenue range could be between $1.5 to $2 billion from 
this kind of market and these kinds of numbers. 
Akshay Gattani: Got it. This is very helpful, sir. And just a clarification, for earlier question, you said non -DCR 
realizations are Rs. 18.5 or cents? 
[[PAGE 15]]
 Waaree Energies Limited 
January 22, 2026 
 
 Page 14 of 19 
Sonal Shrivastava: Yes. Basically, the way we have classified non -DCR is the US domestic also. If you break that 
up, it will be in India, non -DCR would be about Rs. 14 to Rs. 15 and the US will be roughly 
around Rs. 24-25 and some orders are even above that. 
Akshay Gattani: Very helpful. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amitoj Singh from B&K Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Amitoj Singh: Thank you for taking my question and congratulations on a great set of results. My first question 
would be more of a clarification regarding what Sonal ma'am said on the IRA ta x credits, 45x. 
She said that we are receiving around  ¢11 per watt. But as far as I know, I think on module 
manufacturing, we receive ¢7 and on cell manufacturing, we receive ¢4. So just wanted to clarify 
on that, that are we receiving ¢7 or ¢11 on this? 
Sonal Shrivastava: I am sorry, it didn't go clearly. I said ¢7. So, this is for module manufacturing in US, which is 
¢7. We recorded in revenue at 90% of that because we don't record it to full. That cost is also 
attached to it. We don't have cell manufacturing in US as of now. 
Amitoj Singh: So, my next question is again on the US market. Do we have any cell manufacturing plans in 
US given that US now has reached 60 gigawatts of module production capacity but still has very 
meagre cell capacity. So, is there a bandwidth to expand our cell capacity there? And as a follow 
on to the Indian market, I have one question on the macro view that we are seeing a lot of PPAs, 
around 42 gigawatts of solar renewable projects stuck because PPAs are not getting signed. So, 
do you have any outlook on why the PPAs are not getting signed? Is it a demand led scenario or 
more of a bureaucratic scenario? Just some highlight on that would be great. Thank you. 
Amit Paithankar: Right. So, from the US perspective, what was your question again? You said the… 
Amitoj Singh: Yes, cell manufacturing because module manufacturing… 
Amit Paithankar: Yes. So, Amitoj, we definitely have a very -very strong desire to continue to e xpand in the US. 
As you have seen, we have gone ahead and acquired M eyer Burger. It's an HJT manufacturing 
play at this point in time that they had. We are expanding our facility in Texas as well. Whether 
we will go ahead and do cells, in fact, almost a year, year and a half back, we have said and we 
hold on to that statement that we will continue to keep looking at the market.  And at the right 
time, we will very actively consider doing cell manufacturing in the US as well. On the PPA 
India side, why is it stuck? I think it's all of the above  and also the fact that there are some real 
technical and geographical limitations in terms of just the necessary transmission capacity not 
being available, transformers not being available, bays not being available. So , I guess it's a 
combination of many reasons. Land not being available. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Umesh Raut from Nomura. Please go ahead. 
[[PAGE 16]]
 Waaree Energies Limited 
January 22, 2026 
 
 Page 15 of 19 
Umesh Raut: Hi, team. Congrats for a very good set of numbers. My first question is pertaining to implied 
order inflow that we had for this quarter, which is close to about Rs. 20,500 crores. So, what this 
could be in terms of gigawatt for us and how much orders of other businesses like inverter, BESS 
and transformer were included in Rs. 20,500 crores? 
Amit Paithankar: So, solar typically is one of the largest businesses that we have. And therefore, typically around 
80% of this number roughly is going to be, is very much for the solar business. And the rest, 
again, retail forms a very large portion of it.  Inverters, battery energy storage systems is at this 
point in time, again, just beginning. So, we talked about the fact that in fact, I think in the 
presentation, we have talked about Rs. 245 odd crores  of order that we have received for 
transformers and that's the number. And inverters is kind of in a similar region. So, if you really 
see, I mean, as compared to Rs. 20,000 crores, it's a much smaller number. So, the bulk of it is 
really the two big dogs there, which is one is solar and the other one is retail. I mean, EPC plays. 
Umesh Raut: So, if I exclude, say, other businesses which are very small and then retail part of solar module, 
then is it fair to assume that value number on order inflow side was close to about 18,500 crores? 
And what you have disclosed in the PPT in terms of key order win for modules close r to about 
5.3 gigawatts. Was that the total number in gigawatt terms for solar module business? 
Amit Paithankar: I think because, Umesh, our mi x is actually changing, we are veering away from gigawatts 
because some of the orders cannot really be measured in gigawatts. So, the best way to look at 
it is actually around Rs. 59,500 in our regular business, which is EPC plus modules and the rest 
is in the newer business. 
Umesh Raut: But it seems like our realization has gone up significantly on a quarter-on quarter basis. I am just 
following up with my first question only.  
Amit Paithankar:  Yes, there is a 25% margin expansion. There is a 25% margin expansion and realization as well. 
Yes, and again, I mean, US orders, there is a very substantial US orders in the mix. So, it actually 
reveals the mix change as well. And the beauty of the US, at this point in time, is that realization 
in the US has actually dramatically gone up. I mean, it's actually north of, earlier we used to see 
¢24-¢25. We are actually seeing sometimes north of ¢28 and some of the orders are actually at 
the region of ¢30 as well. That's the reason why you see the change. 
Umesh Raut: Yes, sorry, one clarification. So, was that on the account of full tariff pass on to the customer? 
Amit Paithankar: Some of it. Some of it is a part of that. 
Umesh Raut: And just last one clarification. The orders which we disclosed about a couple of days back about 
2.1 gigawatt, was that included in 3Q or that is a part of 4Q? 
Amit Paithankar: So, everything, all, the number that we mentioned, Rs. 60,000 crores is as of today. 
Umesh Raut: Understood. Thank you so much. 
[[PAGE 17]]
 Waaree Energies Limited 
January 22, 2026 
 
 Page 16 of 19 
Moderator: Thank you, Umesh. The ne xt question is from the line of Prakhar Po rwal from Ambit Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Prakhar Porwal: Good set of numbers. So, I just want to understand, what is the business model in renewable 
power infra business ? I understand you have taken up connectivity. You do full end -to-end 
integrated supply of the entire project. But generally, as the IPP, the bigger ones would get 
evacuation by themselves and do land acquisition.  So, let's say our order book also, which are 
the type of customers and how does the entire business come into picture? Just some color on 
the entire renewable power business is one question. 
Amit Paithankar: Yes, sure. Prakhar, so I am handing it over to Abhishek to answer that. Please go ahead, 
Abhishek. 
Abhishek Pareek: So Prakhar, if you, even if you look at our presentation this time, we have created a graph where 
you see Wa aree 1.0 going towards Wa aree 2.0. And renewable power infrastructure is an 
essential underlying platform for that to happen. When we look at large infrastructure funds and 
large private equity players and large institutions, who really don't have mandates to aggregate 
lands, get into nuances of getting land back and then connectivity and then evacuation and 
transmission and distribut ion. We really come out with a solution when we have a platform 
where we have +6.5 gigawatts worth of connectivity approvals in place already. And we have a 
sizable land, which is acquired more than 3,000 acres and around (+20,000) acres worth of land, 
which is visible. So roughly 5 -6 gigawatts worth of equivalent worth of land for this kind of 
connectivity that we have. This enables us to go to those players who don't have mandate to 
acquire land and only come at a stage when either the project is ready to build or they are looking 
for a partner who can jointly bid for them for PPA.  So, this really opens up a newer avenue for 
us. Additionally, when we go for turnkey solutions along with our EPC arm as well, there are 
many large players who want us to take the complete risk of end-to-end execution, including the 
land, as well as the connectivity and evacuation. This also enables an additional channel sale for 
EPC business as well when we talk about real turnkey full -stack solutions from Waaree. If you 
see my order certainly it is an outcome of these kinds of offerings with full-stack solutions.  
Prakhar Porwal: Understood. So just one follow-up on this and then the next question. So, let's say some private 
equity or some company, they even bid for the project, they get the tariff and then they come to 
you or maybe you do that part as well?  
Abhishek Pareek: We in fact do both.  Interestingly, last quarter itself, we have companies and other subsidiary 
companies in house that we have got into some large-size PPAs and even PPAs with global tech 
giants. So that is an outcome of our EPC. We prepared with land, connectivity, evacuation. We 
just signed up in PPA and we have e xecuted the contract. That's the beauty of the speed which 
comes in when you have these kinds of platforms. And probably that really enables Waaree 2.0 
stronger than ever.  
[[PAGE 18]]
 Waaree Energies Limited 
January 22, 2026 
 
 Page 17 of 19 
Prakhar Porwal: Understood. And just second question, ma'am. So, Sonal ma'am, you mentioned I think 275 
megawatts of production in US in 3Q? 
Sonal Shrivastava: Yes, and 313 of sales. 
Abhishek Pareek: So, at a ¢7  of IRA incentive, it comes out to around 160 crores incentive. But we have recorded 
80 crores. What is the disconnect, if you can please clarify? 
Sonal Shrivastava: No, there are certain portions where we are applying the incentive, not on the full volume, that's 
why.  
Prakhar Porwal: Understood. And just lastly, your Meyer Burger assets have also started? Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. The ne xt question is from the line of Deepak Krishnan from Kotak Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Deepak Krishnan: Hi, sir. Just wanted to sort of understand the e xceptional item that you booked and you have 
already taken a charge when nothing sort s of happened. So, what's sort of the thought process 
with regards to the US investigation? 
Amit Paithankar: Yes, Deepak, we would like to be transparent. We would like to act like any responsible 
corporation would, given the circumstances. And so there has not been any demand at this point 
in time from our side. However, we did consult our lawyers. And we are acting on the basis of 
the advice that we got from our lawyers in the US. And that's why we have provisioned the 
amount that we have talked about, around Rs. 294 odd crores. 
Deepak Krishnan: Sure. Maybe just one follow-up. Just wanted to sort of understand. So, we have seen RenewSys 
and Jackson saying that module price needs to go up by about 25% to sustain the impact of silver 
and the rebate going off. Now when Sonal ma'am talks about maintaining gross margins, does 
that imply that 25% increase in DCR and non-DCR modules helps maintain the same spread or 
are we talking about  maintaining percentage margins, essentially taking price hikes over and 
above the impact of silver as well as any other sort of change of export or any other element? 
Amit Paithankar: So, Deepak, we look at the P&L overall. The reason why I say that is because there are other 
controllable factors in the P&L. Of course, input cost is what you talked about . Silver is going 
up, cells are going up, export rebate is there. And let's say it has an impact to the extent of 20%-
25%. But the scale, will that help us, number one? The other aspects efficiency of manufacturing, 
all of that, will that help us? So, all of that taken together, the margin question can be answered 
in many different ways, right? And so, as Sonal said, we will be definitely solving the case for 
margin and making sure that the margin is constant or getting better. And if it means, to s ome 
extent and to some measure, we need to increase the cost, we would. But at the same time, there 
are many other levers that we will pull. 
Deepak Krishnan: Sure, Amit. Those answers to my questions. And thank you and best of luck for future. 
[[PAGE 19]]
 Waaree Energies Limited 
January 22, 2026 
 
 Page 18 of 19 
Moderator: Thank you. The ne xt question is from the line of Meet Katrodia from Hedgehog Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Meet Katrodiya: Thank you so much for the opportunity. Sir, we are planning 10 gigawatts of capacity of ingot 
& wafer manufacturing in FY27. So, can you share, how are we thinking about the equipment 
availability and vendor readiness? Specifically, because certain equipment like crystal  ingot 
puller is not easily available from China. So, what is the alternate sourcing plan? There are two 
companies, Indian companies, ASM Technologies and Rana Semiconductor are working to 
make these equipments in India. So, are we working with them or will they be able to supply? 
Amit Paithankar: So, two things. Number one, of course, we would like to work with all potential suppliers in all 
geographies and the couple of suppliers that you mentioned are most welcome to work with us. 
But at the same time some of the issues that were there with some of the other geographies that 
you talked about, do not e xist anymore. And so, we can get pullers from various different 
geographies at this stage in India and the restrictions on that have gone away. 
Meet Katrodiya: So, from where we are sourcing?  
Amit Paithankar:  No. So, we are in the process of negotiations, and I cannot talk about where and when we will 
recruit, I mean, get these devices from at this point in time. We can source it from various 
geographies that are available for us. 
Meet Katrodiya: Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shashank Jha from SB Capital. Please go ahead. 
Shashank Jha: Sir, I have a question regarding the capacity. Like, I have e xpected data for all the module and 
cell makers of India. So, by FY29, total capacity will be around 180 gigawatt s for module and 
140 gigawatts for cell annually. So, my question here is that do you have any numbers? What 
will be the expected requirement of module and cell by that time? That is by FY29 and FY30. 
Amit Paithankar: So, we can only conjecture here, but I can tell you one thing, Shashank. The requirement in India 
is actually only going to increase, and e xponentially so. We have actually just skimmed on the 
surface as far as the retail demand is concerned.  The retail demand is just kicking in  and we 
expect that retail demand to really go, not by percentages, but in multiples. And so, that is going 
to happen very soon.  The C&I is going to be another sector, which is going to really - really 
jump. And so, I would expect that the requirement from it, just to look at the first 9 months, we 
have already at that 35 gigawatt. 
Shashank Jha: Sorry to interrupt. But by FY29, aggregated capacity in India will be around 140 gigawatts for 
cell only. So, my question in that, will be the requirement in that number, like above 100 
gigawatts? 
[[PAGE 20]]
 Waaree Energies Limited 
January 22, 2026 
 
 Page 19 of 19 
Amit Paithankar: So, if you expect my answer in terms of, yes, it will be 140 gigawatts. I will not be able to give 
you that. I am giving you the logic where I am saying that the requirement is going to be very 
high. Now, will it reach 140 gigawatts? It is something that we will have to see. I am saying that 
the first nine months, 35 gigawatts is more than what we did for the full year, last year and there 
is a full quarter to go. So, you will see that we are galloping above what we want or what is our 
present capacity. So, I would say 140 gigawatts is not completely, wildly out of reach. Number 
one, plus a whole, a good portion of those 140 gigawatts is also meant for exports. So, all of that 
taken together, we are not going to see a crazy demand and supply shift in the solar industry. 
Shashank Jha: So, we can say that the overcapacity is just a myth that is flowing in the industry, right? 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt you, Mr. Jha. That was the last question. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time 
constraints, that was the last question. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Amit 
Paithankar for closing comments. 
Amit Paithankar: Great. Well, first of all, thank you very much. Apologies are due.  There was a bit of a glitch in 
between. We did make up and more for it by giving a little extra time. I just want to tell Shashank 
that don't worry, India is a big country. And the demand is going to be very-very strong. So, just 
did not want to leave Shashank hanging there. Again, thank you very much, ladies and 
gentlemen, for the patient listening.  Really a pleasure for all of us at Wa aree Energies Limited 
to present to yo u yet another stellar quarter. The future looks good. And we look forward to 
continuing this momentum in the quarters ahead. Thank you very much and till the next time. 
Moderator: On behalf of Waaree Energies Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us 
and you may now disconnect your lines. 
